BRAIN SHIFT and Brain OBJECT the correctly follow Brain and sound commands. the to successfully the and the and follow the flash. If turn, certainly crash! and and Brain GAME anchor the Brain with each the of the the surrounded (and numbered) lights: red; yellow; and white. players to each of these lights to the The to and the of shifters (players). buttons located the of the The "on/off" to and/or off Brain You this to the Brain with the phrase "this To the "on/off" hear "this If hear "this Brain off. The when players to the or QUICK PLAY to started? Then the instructions below If the the instructions. and ready to Brain the correctly follow Brain and sound commands. the only player to the and the players) The players to to of the (red, yellow, or white). Brain player, followed The selected then to that players the and the allowed Memory players) Brain followed of The the then to each Players "called" followed and forth). Who It players) the as with difference-players selected Brain of and then the Ear players) Brain sound to each of the lights. of players to to Brain the sound. Players where the sound located and to that You to the of the sounds. each sound, first to the sounds to the sound. only) Brain only the first It's to to the You what the If right, hear the "shifting sound and to the If incorrect hear the "raspberry" sound and to from the back to the first You seconds to the MODEL AGES AND UP INSTRUCTION MANUAL Around players) Brain started, players Each through the established then of their choice to the SELECTING GAME Players choose from of exciting players) Memory players) TM Who players) Ear players) only) Around players) as Brain turned prompted to Notice the of allowable players from to to that when selection. shifting to the light that to the to to Who the to the light and NUMBER OF SHIFTERS Players) The of allowable shifters from to four. as selected Brain the of shifters. the to the light that to the of shifters the shifters to the light Brain the of players selected, TO BEGIN PLAY Brain and to This the Press the "on/off" to the Brain You prompted to "choose to the that matches the to Brain the and then to the of shifters--shift to the that matches the of shifters. Once the shifters confirmed, the Brain Watch the "crash" and "raspberry" sounds! If hear them, or "shifting" too ready to ready to the players) what The players to to of the (red, or white). Brain The selected player then to that If players their Brain If players their Brain third and forth. the allowed red." to red.] to yellow." to yellow.] to If to the or enough, crash! If players "crash," then the repeated and another You that follows that The only completed the Brain which players and which player Brain the they "this Memory players) the pattern-then that the basics, Brain to memory. Brain of The player the then to each Players "called" and forth). red, white, white. to red, then then white, and then white.] red. to then then and then red.] to the or too and crash! as that follows that The only player completed the Who It players) the pattern-then the as with difference-players selected Brain of and then the You when Who It because know when turn! red, white, white. to red, then yellow, then white, and then white.] red. to then then and then red.] You the who the ready to or ready to crash!
Ear players) and the location of the sounds. and win!" when think Brain Ear The associating sound to each of the lights. The sounds include horn, crash, speedway, and screech. Brain through the sound assignments once-as each sound heard, the light flash. Instead of players to to Brain the sound. Players where the sound located and to that that's You to the of the sounds. each sound, first to the sounds to the sound. Sound assignments: light flashes); light flashes); screech (yellow light flashes); horn light flashes); light flashes); crash (white light flashes). sound). Player to red.] sound)." to red, then to "(Horn sound)." to red, then to and then to If correctly, the sound repeated and another sound If hear the "raspberry" and The to sounds. only) the You seconds to or crash!" Brain the first It's to to the remaining You this through and what the If right, hear the sound and to the If incorrect hear the "raspberry" sound and to from the back to the first to yellow, then to red.] "(Raspberry sound)." shifts back to yellow, then to "(Shifting sound)." then to "(Raspberry sound)." back to yellow, then and then to red.] "(Shifting sound)." then to "(Shifting sound)." then to white.] "(Raspberry sound)." back to then then red, then and then to "You completed seconds." The first shifts. If the within seconds, to then and While this the and as who the the shortest amount of Around players) and The Brain started, players Each through the established then of their choice to the yellow. turn." to yellow, then to to then and then to to then then and then to to yellow, then then then and then to white.] shifts to yellow, then then then yellow, then white, and then to white and To win, the who the Brain the they "this INSERTING REPLACING BATTERIES: Brain "AA" or "LR6" included). should and or rechargeable To the the of the and the back cover. the to and TO ENSURE PROPER FUNCTION: and batteries. or rechargeable batteries. Battery should Non-rechargeable to recharged. Rechargeable to from the toy Rechargeable only to of the or type as recommended to used. to with the polarity. to from the toy. The supply terminals to short-circuited. 90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the purchaser of this that the free from or workmanship from the of purchase. This warranty cover from service or or other of or workmanship. this warranty the repaired or option) without charge to the purchaser, when with of the of purchase to the or to Product to without of the of purchase or the warranty expired, to year from the of purchase, repaired or option) service fee of U.S.$12.00. or money to The the purchaser's and breach of warranty with to the shipped and insured or to: Woodlands U.S.A. The should the or other to Include written of the the warranty and and telephone THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE SHALL BE BINDING ON OR OBLIGATE TIGER IN ANY WAY. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO THIS PRODUCT, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO THE NINETY DAY PERIOD DESCRIBED ABOVE. IN NO EVENT WILL TIGER BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM POSSESSION, USE, OR MALFUNCTION OF THIS TIGER PRODUCT. allow as to warranty and/or or of or the and/or of apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to TM, Rights Woodlands U.S.A. www.tigertoys.com UK House, North Yorkshire, HG1 1EL. MADE AND PRINTED IN CHINA 070070001IWTIE-03