/L LIFE TILES the Card to Tile(s). The to match the there the path.) from the path. worth money, the the If to and there the board, the from another exchanged the the to to the and there turn there of Trap or Card.) Turning the to players from the of the of the amount that If the of the the amount the Once back the and of Cards Cards the or allow to things. They from the and gathered. about You than them You of their and and together. Cards the that the You of Cards with the directed to Card, to the of its If there You the other players which Cards Card to something There Card, each of the four paths. and the to the the If the to another player, that already turn. If cant another this and following the Card, of If the to something that then (Dont to the and of o asT C o when the BLUE TEMPLE OF DOOM path, to and follow the text to the If the PURPLE RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK path, to and follow the text to the Cards There Cards the of the Card Each to The the Cards to the Cards These could, money or to or or the teaLing o STEALING If the or to another and to or Instead each of the If the higher win! or from the other player. If higher, nothing If both the nothing and turn o At the of the Card Cards, which the Once the Card, Count money. Cards of what with the who chose the Card). players or there of (the amounts the the of (their the together. The with the highest torage finished to the or back the To easily the of the board the Then of the with the of the of the the section. the the of the board the the and the the the and US please write to: Consumer P.O. please write to: Corporation, please write to: UK Consumer Affairs, P.O. BOX Newport, NPI9 4YD or telephone TM GAMES or the with has: which each worth the Stones, which worth to hear or about this RI or (toll-free). QC, J4G 1G2. PROOF OF PURCHASE TM TM Rights Used Authorization. TM, Copyright Paramount Rights GAMES The HASBRO, MILTON BRADLEY and MB and RI Rights TM and U.S. o Collect money, and and the money the of the of Jones One assembly board Stones, of the and Cards Reference Cards Building Top Bridge Cards Cards Feather -U of the from the the the and from the and the the and from the and the Apply to the and Bridge Match the to each of the four to the the Apply the to the as shown the right. Apply the to the the the and match the section of the to the section the of the the then the the the each of the Next, the assembled the the of the base. Then the feather the the base, as shown. the and Bridge. A. Mountains: Match the the and to the the board. Then each first the through the and the board, then to the B. Bridge: Match the the and the as shown Then the the the the board. the four the the four the board. NOTE: The and around The to Players AGES eatheR
Assembling to the as they to the photo. each (The and the its C Ards and the and them facedown. and the Cards and them facedown. Choose and the back the each Reference Card. the Cards and them facedown and off to the of the board. the Cards and them facedown the of the Card as shown. Choose to the Investor. This charge of money to and from the Investment and BEFORE YOU BEGIN THE GAMEPATH the Cards and around the Notice there paths. This when directed to match the of the Path) this and (such as money, and Path) Gamepath this and the higher This path. this path to to the to or of this and and of the C (V oMe tones (V C C Ards (V C Ards C Ards C Ards to who first. The with the highest the clockwise. ON YOUR TURN the Then, from the the of following the arrows the board. WHERE DID YOU LAND? If to STOP, that of If there or that STOP and or If the empty, The where the which to money, or there or or of the three connected to the of the Path (the path). If the STOP If that Card and follow the the Then There Spaces, each path. Whenever reach If there that STOP and the worth money the of the This If there the to There Spaces; each of the three Whenever reach If there Card that STOP and This turn everyone which chosen. If there Card that Card matching the of the If this while there cards, Card instead. TRAPS There of Trap the board each of the three paths) and Trap included the Cards. If Trap STOP immediately, cards. Instead, the If or higher, the and If than follow through below. If with TRAP If the or higher, nothing and If than the of the following If it the of its If there or If the back its or If or of back the and them. or If cant of the through back to the Once or back to the If Trap to to and as Dont or to and of the