OBJECT To the and the correctly and to correctly each of the headquarters the of each To win, (or team) to the and correctly the game-winning category chosen the other players. EQUIPMENT TRIVIAL PURSUIT Question-and-answer SETUP Select and each of the category the the high first. players the the of the board and of the and the track. around the track, clockwise or counter-clockwise. GAME PLAY turn: On first turn, the and which to and which of the If headquarters and try of that Whichever another that category: The other the first from and reads the to the the of each with to players or teams The appearing Horn VOLUME RULES OF PLAY Horn the the the back of its the other cards. If first correctly, the and that of Brown...........Science Yellow............................History Card NOTES: On each of the which to the as to headquarters to each of the You both and the (or the You the of shown the If incorrectly, to the Whenever headquarters correctly, that incorrectly, turn of that headquarters and trying that You to that immediately; the and to There the track. If the and NOTE: of the the through the You the board the to the and straight The coded
the or and another If count right the cant try to the whichever WINNING THE GAME Once collected each to the and to the game-winning You the count; overshoot the the to and the the then, to the count. the the other players the of the game-winning from the the the correctly, and win! incorrectly and turn, the and then the count!for another NOTE: Since his or incorrectly, to around the board and then the and the turn. If this who to hear or about this to: Consumer P.O. RI or (toll-free). please write to: Corporation, QC, J4G 1G2. The HASBRO and PARKER BROTHERS and RI Rights U.S. TM Office. PROOF OF PURCHASE chance to the feat and VARIATION FOR SHORTER GAME that four or (instead of the to the the game-winning NOTES ON PLAY Players collectively to and the enough, or the both the first and You to the explanatory information that appears parentheses Players should that than Players themselves with what they The TRIVIAL PURSUIT to as as players. those the teams. should answered; to the should each TRIVIAL PURSUIT played with cardsfrom other editions. The the the to interchangeable