these other EASY-BAKE Food and EasyBake.com EasyBake.com Product and Food items Inc. P/N Rights TM U.S. Food
THIS SET INCLUDES: frosting yellow cake EASY-BAKE Please and hand thoroughly dishwasher. thoroughly children their the F). Follow instructions to that and the SUPER PACK YoU NEED: cooking required. AGES
CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES or SUGAR COOKIES these or (from home) (from cooking (from (from (from Preheat with cooking and of and to of and to dough. with and dough another the both closed. when the cooking the the cooling chamber and cool when the cooling the from the cooling chamber. Follow to the of cookies. of and to and of and to dough. with and another the and the to the the the the when the cooking the to the from the the the the the from to cooling of when the cooling the from the Follow to of cookies.
CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES or SUGAR COOKIES these chocolate or (the other of the cooking (from (from (from home) Preheat with cooking and of and to and of and to dough. with and dough another the and the to the the it the the when the cooking the to the from the the the the the from to cooling of when the cooling the from the Follow to of cookies.
YELLOW CAKE cake these frosting (the other of the cooking (from home) (from First Preheat with cooking and the of the cake the and to and of and to the the and evenly. the the and the to the the the the the when the the to the from the the cool the the the from to cooling of while the cooling, and the and when the cooling the from the the frosting, the of the frosting the of and smooth. thinner frosting, of the frosting the cooled
OVEN BASICS FOR PREVIOUS VERSION OF THE EASY-BAKE OVEN OR REAL MEAL OVEN Preheat the the the then the of to the the that both closed. Food cook properly the when the the of the to the through the the cooling chamber. IS allow the to cool the cooling chamber the specified the when the cooling the of the to the from the cooling chamber. the when finished the to cool, then
OVEN BASICS FOR THIS EASY-BAKE OVEN Preheat the the the the to the the the the the the when the ALL THE WAY INTO THE OVEN the of the The should the Cant the from the You enough. it further. If the and the it that the enough. as as the allow the to cool the the specified the the the It from when to when cooling of when cooling slightly the of the the switch back and the of the the when finished the to cool, then the of the the and to of and to the the and the the both closed. the when the cooking the the cooling chamber and cool when the cooling the from the cooling chamber. the frosting, the of the frosting the of and smooth. thinner frosting, of the frosting the cooled
YELLOW CAKE cake these frosting (from (from home) cooking (from (from First Preheat with and the of the cake the and to of and to the the and evenly. the the both closed. the cake when the cooking the the cooling chamber and cool when the cooling the from the cooling chamber. the frosting, the of the frosting the of and smooth. thinner frosting, of the frosting the cooled