To Phillips/crosshead screwdriver included), screw cover. cover. and batteries. AAA or R03 recommended. and screw with screwdriver. polarity. CAUTION: with the with this toy should from who things their mouths. If they promptly and, the U.S., the phone the the correctly and follow the toy and instructions. and batteries, or rechargeable IMPORTANT: BATTERY INFORMATION Please this information reference. should CAUTION: follow the instructions only specified and to them correctly matching the and polarity and batteries, or with exhausted or from the to played with short-circuit the Should this or affected by, interference, from other (switching off and back or and necessary. RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: these with other of battery. from the recharging. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES OF BATTERIES. with items, these should from If immediately. This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the receiver. the or technician Product and or TM where indicated. rights Used authorization. and/or Rights U.S. TM Office. FCC STATEMENT Fighter R2-D2 P/N included. with AAA or R03 recommended. Phillips/crosshead screwdriver included) to batteries. AGES Includes: vehicle and Includes: vehicle and
LUKE SKYWALKER R2-D2 R2-D2 Press and R2-D2 to hear sounds. If or R2-D2 sounds/actions or firing sounds/explosion/music If the while the sound the sounds the other sounds stopped. The sounds to other sound vehicle to of non-activity. and R2-D2 Press and release R2-D2 to hear phrase. and releasing R2-D2 to hear the other phrases. Phrases: the Force with by. R2, that cant Press and release R2-D2 to hear sounds and and and releasing the to sounds and action. Press and R2-D2 to hear firing torpedo sounds and phrase and and holding the to the sounds. The sound [R2-D2 sounds] the Force, the Force with theme