as shown and each and cards. to who and to If the DVD the to to something, then turn. On Turn cards. the and the to). where land, the matching the DVD to turn). collected, back to the of Ancestors as as players back, the DVD and follow the to count and who Should technical first the with cloth straight from the of the If the when the DVD player, please Consumer (toll-free) You HASBRO.COM information. to hear or about this US please write to: Consumer P.O. RI free). please write to: Corporation, QC J4G 1G2. please write to: UK Consumer P.O. BOX Newport, NP19 4YD, or TM Rights Used Authorization. TM, Copyright Paramount Rights The and The T. Williams) Bantha (BMI) Rights Publishing Rights Used The HASBRO and PARKER BROTHERS and and RI Rights TM U.S. PROOF OF PURCHASE Jones searching the heart of the search of three the Once of the found, the to to with its It back to the of Ancestors o Jones and as as the Collect by: Fighting fight or other to to the and (worth the of the Collecting and them the of the bonus the first to to the of Ancestors C of Ancestors Jones DVD (The The Stones, The with FOR TO PLAYERS AGES
The DVD through the these written to Assembly the and from the sheets and everything of its Throw the everything the together as shown. as shown. everyone reach the cards, and of lory Once chamber the to the found. as three collected, the unleashed and the At the of the Each worth amount every to The DVD to or around the might You to another only or to the to the and there turn. On their turn, they the off the board, then and as Once the to the DVD command to with them (A-H). If that its the of Ancestors. You or to the the other players to the or another), then count to who the
There three the which to and the other reach them: tones To Stop the the chamber. If to and turn. If or the them the board, to the chamber and DVD the DVD to If the the or them, the If where and the the board. You from that chamber turn. with chamber the matching to the board. the Temple the three with chambers them and them from the the of the three roughly and to each each then them back together This Choose Jones and its matching the other players the (another the DVD the and people attle
to the The with the highest their first and to the On Turn Cards). what choose to turn, the otherwise. the and the of shown or or choose to or chamber). You both and vertically turn, back the within turn. If reach the of the of Ancestors (or other the top from the and to front of then as as This the Temple orrect of the If to to something, the from the and choose which You other reason. Temple the shown the or or choose to or chamber). reach the of the this the top from the with the and You this as as to turn. TIP: If the hand, choose from the top the If with chamber the matching the board to You to If around the that already without back of On Turn). it (A-H). These once the to Alive).
Research (The Temple Cards to them wisely! the turn, the They to allow to further, another or chamber. exactly what to Cards the each only once and to If the the and to Each as counting the of the the the chambers. If other know what they to chamber, to Each worth chamber. as them to. If to cards, remember to this Where land? If STOP, Select the the DVD to and cards. If as instructed, then You to. If trapped and or cards. If (or and to and fight*), fight or another to to. If to fight, the as To fight, the the DVD and the as the fought, whether or You the If to fight the of If to to other the to. If as To the the the DVD to the or If to the then turn. The counts as If where the of turn.
reach chamber, STOP the You or with the them to If them, that and turn. If the or the board, the and the the DVD. If the the off the and the off the board. At the of turn, the player to their turn. The and the DVD it might that and occurred! If this as commanded the of the then turn... the the collected, then back to the of Ancestors as as the unleashed and the around to with the as the found, and them as The DVD to of the If turn when this follow the instructions, then turn Alive). the Once players back the of Ancestors, the DVD. Its to Who back first? reaching the of Ancestors first. This people If arrive or nothing. Count Money count and this amount to Cards Count the of coin). this amount to each If the shown to The with the the