the victim of foul found of the of his To win, the to these three Who Where? and with What Weapon? Board: This shows each of the Suspects: Mustardyellow; Scarletred; Professor Mrs. Whitewhite; and Mrs. Peacockblue weapons: Lead Candlestick, of One each of the Suspects, Weapons and of to investigation the board the START and that as and that If than to the the they might, the and they the each of the weapons Select of the C LASSIC ETECTIVE AME to players to Inc. Printed U.S.A.
the CONFIDENTIAL the X the of the board. Sort the of three Suspects, and each and each the Thenso themtake the top from each and the The the to the Who? Where? What Weapon? together the three of cards. Then them clockwise around the (It players than others.) Secretly own cards: theyre hand, they cant the Filewhich of the and, what write, half: off the that hand, wish. Scarletthe with the first. then proceeds, turn, to the first GAME PLAY On each turn, to reach of the To turn, the or, using Rolling the and the of You or vertically, or backward, You as as allow. You however, the the turn. You or thats already another suspect. The corners of the connected If of these the of turn, wish, instead of To through announce that to then to the the corner. and Leaving You or the and through or through the the the front of the through count the as You through thats as It thats higher than to You the turn.
It that might and and If this to and as throughout the try to of eliminationwhich three the To and Weapon the that Then that the that that Suspect, with that Weapon. that and the First another SuspectMr. instanceinto the Then weaponthe the Then I the the with the Wrench. things: You the that to tokensincluding Suspects and including yourself!as or as turn, to The first to the to This his or to of the three there. If the of the or to and If the than of the or selects to If that of the that then the chance to turn, to the player the as shows of the that that this the off this players helpful to the initials of the who showed the If to or Accusation think which three the turn, and three I (Suspect) of the the with the (Weapon). Then, the the the the where located. Accusation, You only If Incorrect If of the that the Secretly three to the You further the and therefore win, the investigation.
You to to to the where they If Accusation that that other players You the Accusation completely correctthat the three of the that this three and them everyone to Notes About wish, or of the that hand. You might to this to information or to You wish, and Accusation the turn. You To or, turn, the that recently You turn to trapped the there and of the You that includes or Weapon thats already this or both of those items necessary. necessary, the item(s) the location the If the turn, of things: from the of the OR that If to the or There to the of Suspects or Weapons that TO ORDER ADDITIONAL DETECTIVE NOTEPADS You directly from Brothers the below. Please each (includes and and allow to about this to: Consumer Relations, Brothers, P.O. Beverly, MA