I& then to the first. player. That the turn, who first To who the GAME THE PLAYI% facedown to each to and the FUNNY the other. theTRUE of the of the players reach. the the and the the More about these the the and them of I. SETUP It apply to each of the There The Then tl other the from the the from the I. PLAY YW #?ST TIE StorageTray Cards 50TRUE ScoringTokens FUNNY ScoringTokens CMWS to first the reading the Everyone and to the who and "Boxers or three and revealing things about.themselves. warm-up? Everyone hilarious that everyone Boxers or Who to know where from? to Who wear boxers or I. 8.The fi 6.The who the 5.The 4.The ADULT /AGE Players to 3.The E2 and which which
I. the and announce the the each the the other players about.This "the readereV'The who) the first Then the of the to the The the and announces the There I... (This the catchall category. It phases that with I) the selects from his or and to the everyone the selects to and front of the Select that relates to the and or that think the brother the and the know that states, and their other selected as the to of their selected as ou~player players tw instead of one.They or
and TM RI Rights or 4YD. Newpo~Wales. NP Catwell BOX KO. UK to: G2. please write Corporation. to: free). RI Consumer to: please write hear or about this US to PROOF OF PURCHASE the cards, or "Creative GameVariations. the these with and them with CARDS THE instead of Congratulations! You If there TRUE) or (FUNNY to of first The TIE MMf& hand. Cards from of the four At the of each turn, each should the to the players the to there. to the and 6.The played that round. as the Note:The the or selected of the If this the to the who to (about themselves) and FUNNY 5.The then selects the that the as the Note:The the or selected of the If this the to the who to (about themselves) and the 4.The selects the that the can't who which cards. the them 3.The the and reads
each of or FUNNY). collects cornbinatlon of (TRUE or to th;it. or players. JNY this players the of and or each each the of or then the and other players write their the and know write fir to to The to the of collects the o that round, them and reads them the following (the and I... The then FUNNY and as If the and they as or both players the rounds, the of previous the collects the cards, or cards and throws them the If the selects of the as theirs), that selection.