AGES or More Players Earn the money "operationsn with and money The First You the off their the the iressing the front and them from the notch. 1.5V "AA9'/LR6 included). recommended. Phillipdcross head screwdriver included) to the screw the located the of the and the AA to the and with the the plastic. the and tighten the screw. Instructions CAUTION: TO AVOID BATTERY LEAKAGE to the correctly and follow the and IMPOIITANT: BATTERY INFORMATION and batteries,or or rechargeable batteries. or from the Please this information should follow the instructions specified and to them correctly matching the and polarity and batteries, or with or from the to played with short-circuit the supply Should this or affected by, interference, from other (switching off and back or and batteries) necessary. RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES: these with other of from the recharging. DO NOT RECHARGE OTHER TYPES OF CAUTION:
The the and cards. the and them each of the Then the and the facedown the The Choase player to the This the players "operations." The the money neatly, The each its matching cavity. The shown below. that their The player who the first. If can't the youngest Head the Mary A-rack-nid-Ribs Shooter the the and inc- If the the the "operation" earn On Turn the top from the and The which to and what earn the "operation" the to the from the cavity. The to "operation" to the without touching the of the cavity. If the Symbiotic off the and the light light "Operation": If the without off the Collect fee from the the front of and the of This turn. "Operation": If off the the "operation," turn the back the cavity and the front of the try! cards: players (including their cards. The with the that "operation" to the "operation" the fee. the below. the that If the the the "operation" earn If the that ation" of the facedown the of the the to the of the turn. 4P If the or the fee from the Both the and the that "operation" of the to the of the turn. *If the the facedown the of the The the the to the of the turn. to The when "operations" The with the money wins! "Operations" players to each "operation." One (other than the or of the this only player the the house? Then "operations" successfully, If "operation" o the the front and them the the the the to hear or about this US please write to: Consumer P.O. RI please write to: Corporation, Rwince, QC J4G 1G2. please write to: UK Consumer P.O. BOX telephone and related characters: TM Inc Industries, Inc. AU rights Licensed LP. OPERATION Hash, Inc C32006 of America Leasing LLC. The HASBRO, MILTON BRADLEY and MB and OPERATION R1028Q. AU TM U.S. Mot children years of or