The and SIMON
F?? L3'C0 3J V1 I?. o or *%A o ID ..R L? or. o ST' o
The "Select the of each of the LED lights the fire that light to the HOW TO PLAY "Select If chose or to of of battle-tested Knights. the fire the when the Force?": If NO the light lights and hear their tones Then the If there to YES I), tones! If chose to the FoK~," YES fire buttons and hear their tones. You as as Three seconds hear +tone then the NO to and the immediately. the of Battle below the selected and the Force with About seconds or winning to and prompted with to YES. NO, LAST, LONGEST. the firing that to what to YES NO LAST LONGEST To back the reached ON of turned and selected this The to options YES or NO, or off. If of firing buttons, about RULES OF BATTLE The announces the then light (and/or the only. You immediately firing that this correctly and the first and to the Every correctly another to the You correctly repeating the the selected. The winning If or too slowly, hear and this the and and connratulated. To the and To another "Select To back the correctly repeated the the played of this type the to the
Players) light (and/or of station. Then the shouts or Federation The the announced his fire Then to the which repeated the back and forth, with and of or too slowly. Then hear and or Federation If the first the the other then chance to correctly the and If the first right, and the the first the earned, the announced, with the that the and the round If both to correctly, the the who first. If that the right this as If there and round The first to earn the Counterattack Players) TO the announces or Federation The that of his firing buttons. the correctly that light (and/or and to the back and forth, with and or too slowly. Then hear and or Federation this and plays, and the victor announced. Players) of to lights (and/or ZI tones). The of the the selected: to to the hear both of to the the The who correctly the the hear R2-D2 his and the announced, with the that the If that firing and hear The other his to the correctly. If both firing too the buttons, or repeating the too hear Then firing to and the The first to earn the to to
MAINTENANCE the the from or areas. the from or If and the to the This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the or CAUTION To Battery to the correctly and follow the and instructions. or rechargeable and or or from the BATTERIES To batteries: the screw the the of the and the AA to the and -with the the plastic. the and the screw. to hear or about this to: Consumer PO. RI (roll-free). uses,-and and, HASBRO JEDI MASTER~ROINTS.: PROOFOFPUHCHASE -AR WARS