With photography become to the of and photo- graphic the however, heavy to the field, and to the correctly Connectivity products with Both the products and the CF of sophisticated interface, and allow tions to (single-shot, and of and the products summary outlined the below. the of the and the products and mounted platform. Connectivity Product CF, CF-MS CFV *If please NOT to and from Used with with New ground the allow using the and the HVC allows both un-tethered and with of the CF/CF-MS/CFV back mounted platform. options to physically the to the the first known as as the only of and focusing the the the the that allows of ground and the to then the back these items easily from third Please to the of the www.hasselblad.com
New with specially attaching the products to the (HVC) mounted with modifications. the directly with of the to the from the from the and bright with ground and the tery operation. the from linhof. the with existing linhof the field. shows with H3DII: and the includes: mount H3D ground and or mounting H3D and landscape) mount H3D un-tethered) to or the products to the shutters/ with connecting the and the the with both and the field. connected the of the choose From when tethered H3DII-MS products) Working un-tethered the of the from the interface the www.hasselblad.com
Flexibility with to and choice of New its products offers the which the and thereby light, easy to with and of the with and shows: H3DII-31 with the HTS1.5 and the HCD please to www.hasselblad.com
back to and the functionality, then mount the directly with or interface, the CF back. to and ground with from linhof with interface the or the from linhof. of including and ground connected the of the choose From when tethered products) the to the with the or the item the of this Working un-tethered the of the from the interface the and which with the already from or this specified Equally, the front board that the and and the type of recessed boards to the physically enough to the the Please to below the and to physically the and the back this or sophisticated interface. type from the to the the therefore when the the the to lighting then from the the to the This to with the of with flash as the the to or allow to these Please that using this interface from the to allow selection, and with from and Both of these of or interface to the interface to and synchronisation the allow the to and the www.hasselblad.com
this with and this that and closing the and and from the the with this allow of the CF back or tethered to or untethered to Compact or the The where connected. and The where connected. and with the of the www.hasselblad.com
Summary and itEM itEM NO. SYNC CONNECtiON from to with protecting SYNC CONNECtiON Charger ES from to SYNC CONNECtiON interface from to CONtROl CF back CONtROl Specification to without UK interface CF back From please Specs and back cover. www.hasselblad.com