USER MANUAL (V1) H1D
H1D H1D C Introduction Function Light Functions Advanced Optional Function options Battery options and Carrying Accessory and the Attaching and and Depth-of-field Depth-of-field Focusing Parts LCD LCD
H1D H1D Function interface Battery Attaching and the length/number of counter Low-battery off Light AE- Functions ON OFF Profiles Advanced Bracketing Custom Optional Technical specifications service and
H1D H1D Congratulations! You the of the technical the the It reflects wealth of knowledge and tightly with the that combined to world-class creative the photographer. its the years of the Within years as the first the its the the to completely It the and from the and to photographers The H1D of features coloured What once optional The of this professional straight of the there trade-off the of The three of the Interchangeability.
H1D H1D and professional and durability. as as sophisticated to facility that the forefront to easily match the of professional photographers the to and that and with tomorrows The of and breath and the following: interchangeable with optional back, from hours to 1/800s, with and wheel interface, fill-flash, TTL with lithium or rechargeable tery of thats Bracketing, user photography, and from the aspects, the H1D of and that the to as as the of
H1D H1D the distinguished photography, the that to incorporate this photographic life. that to of. of these as tion of the history of Thats with The of of the and of of The H1D and features that think Each their of the H1D possibly that why to and and as as The section of this therefore as informational of With should to photo- untethered within of The H1D function as point-and-shoot or as
H1D H1D The of the user to the bookshelf reference LCD charts, specifications, There of terms the of the or to learn the and of the H1D. and the when ready the from the thats guaranteed, there of and that to to and The there, to to Finally, please the www.hasselblad.com user instructions, or other information concerning the If access, please or the information.
H1D H1D Whats the Please that the items noted the accompanying informa- tion and correct. or immediately of the items the and purchase with the and protective covers as as and touching and the The H1D and of withstanding rough treatment nevertheless and treated with from the Please and of the the of this Please purchase and the warranty
H1D H1D The following included with H1D: H1D with HV90X HC software
H1D H1D hot-shoe and LCD Rear release Battery Release
H1D H1D Stop Battery Battery light and depth-of- field Focusing screw thread release catch release PC release coupling LCD OK Browse/scroll
H1D H1D supply On/Off
H1D H1D This section to assembling H1D. This should than to and to and straightforward photographs untethered the Chart the of this the that this Please to the chapters and sections further this of features and
H1D H1D Untethered Tethered MAC or PC
H1D H1D H1D assembly from The H1D tethered to or untethered, though connected to the The following introduction to the from the from the the and the the the the released. the from the three CR-123 Lithium the the polarity of each correctly oriented the the the the the clicks back its the the and the with the the back as as back the clicks back the front protective cover from the the release and rotating the cover counter-clockwise released. the turning clockwise. the counter-clockwise the to the firstly the the mount with the the mount. the the the focusing and clockwise clicks the front pinching together the to the and turning the clockwise turn. the top protective cover from the location corner. the protective from the the release While holding the the front tion the front of the the the locating and interface correctly. the and clicks that both of the seated correctly. the smooth toned Turn the eyesight sharpness of the the
H1D H1D
H1D H1D
H1D H1D battery to the the and then the clicks of the and it to the the the the the tion, then the the other of the to the the of the the Press the ON/OFF the (please this seconds the the should to function. Press the ON.OFF the to the If the already activated STANDBY reactivated the If the STANDBY (the LCD the H1D only), pressing the release half- (or the ON.OFF or Stop You the buttons, wheels, the the LCD the as as the LCD the and finally From the inactive the ON.OFF the H1D the LCD. The LCD then displays the If the already STANDBY (the H1D the LCD) the release or the ON.OFF to that click action section of H1D untethered lighting the as and shoot without the to other than the release! the release The the light reading, and the ready the If the as the hear indicating sound. The appear the LCD. thats The the or
H1D H1D and finally to the off: Press the ON/OFF the about seconds. This confirmed twittering indicating sound. The cally STANDBY to reduce and this confirmed the appearance of the Turn the LCD. Release the from the and straight the with the H1D to with the H1D and its the and with buttons. from the of the ON.OFF to Profiles while the off. You should that the H1D comfortably the of leaving free With right the and ate to the without the wheel with and the front wheel with the the LCD as the buttons and Notice too the the LCD as the You the the buttons or or them the The that that might the or might action that to this the PROFILES ESC to to the
H1D H1D half-press with the release with the too the and the light reacts. Notice that the immediately the manually and immediately to half-press the ready of the to functions this function to the section) as as the the the and the Press the AF and then the front to from AF to AF to to the the these Press the EXP the and then the to the to the ity of the simply, the while to with the and the of buttons and and LCD information, The become accustomed to the instinctively the to the offer. The of this through each and that this of photographic and to the
H1D H1D Function LCD and LED displays and based software Interactive
H1D H1D and the H1D and the readily buttons and wheels and around the and the The information the and with those found computers, It based and therefore to The LCD beneath the that of the information the LCD additional information as as four warning, and information. Please sections further about the though there and of the of explanatory The to light around the while the The following of the and around the Please section Unit of the
H1D H1D of the functions of the and buttons. or functions to the of the found further this chapter. release Activates and releases CONTROL LOCK FLASH to AF Accesses DRIVE Accesses the wheel Accesses MENU Accesses LCD. ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) the and off. Accesses Profiles and acts as other Rear wheel
H1D H1D M.UP and lowers Remote release attaching release STOP DOWN to AE-L light reading both and wind-off off finished. USER function-access Eyesight correction wheel eyesight facility. EV correction EV EXP Accesses and
H1D H1D Typical (The information this synchronisation) (EV White rating ISO /ASA)
H1D H1D Typical when Command The the commands (which to the The immediately each the this would the FLASH to from the the options when The and Arrowheads which wheel should to the they this the Bracketing option chosen the front wheel and the of that option chosen the front wheel information The the displays information about the of the the displays what and the displays the of or what
H1D H1D Typical the when activated the or (The information this priority LED Warning LED LED EV) second) (empty)
H1D H1D of LCD with and when buttons FLASH AF DRIVE MENU Normal Normal AE Normal with AF and
H1D H1D charts Throughout this charts to the and procedures to the These charts to graphically to through the While they include the information that the LCD to that section, they the of the as that would and too If with then the of the and You should that, through the and than the written the tion. which their graphical where its branches. Each section, or off the branches, the LCD Therefore the graphical the LCD of where the and the of The H1D features the of of This that choice of and thereby appearance of of the LCD the as of the trated this To simplify the reference often to from there the and therefore which of The therefore the currently ated and the the LCD when photographing where operation, such as
H1D H1D The following of terms actions that appear the the screen back the the function On activates the function Select selects the character when text and ESC terminates action and to the and back the Can the following of and actions when SAVED NOT SAVED half-press release (DRIVE ESC (PROFILES /ESC (FLASH
H1D H1D the charts front wheel user Press or MENU the Choose ENTER DRIVE Choose ON AF Choose DRIVE and chosen action retained Functions that the that branch of the of the without the to the or the right to arrive the function. of through the that to through the branches of the tree as they appear the LCD to reach the
H1D H1D Screen of Bracketing ISO White Bracketing Bracketing Customs options Info Info Info Bracketing
H1D H1D EV ready Rear wheel AF light EV Text function AE-L function of Bracket ISO Text Stop function function histogram type type Text Text info MF Text
H1D H1D There buttons that surround the LCD combined with to of the and to Additionally there LCD ton as as the release button. The that the first to the and then of the wheels. The arrowheads the buttons function, the ON.OFF click action as buttons or function to the of the At the approximately seconds to Several buttons to the of the the DRIVE when the the choice The then shows the buttons and the DRIVE as the SAVE temporarily as (half-second) action and the release half-press and
H1D H1D C release half-press and (or soly) the function and activated. the (or the released (or the chosen as the activated with this CONTROL LOCK FLASH (EXIT) function If the second, the sound and appear the LCD that the the release) and therefore Press the to (this function to or Custom clicking the the the LCD from the section acts as the EXIT other AF (ON) (SEL.) C function Press this to directly to the choice from the section It acts as the ON and SEL select) buttons other DRIVE (SAVE) (ENTER) function It the the LCD from the section It acts as the SAVE and ENTER tons other
H1D H1D wheel front and turned to the as as to the sections of the of the MENU Accesses the first of the Press to the LCD. active ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) Press the to the H1D appear and then the seconds the of the the off completely. Profiles section of the clicking the from the the and of the this Rear wheel front and turned to the as as to the sections of the Acts as of the
H1D H1D On the of the as as the there further three buttons: AE-L that light reading both and It to reading. Can another function Custom section the AE-L wind-off Pressing this wind-off the without to through the to reach the of the purposely to pressing, the of or to LCD which this USER to chosen function or might bracketing and of this the bracketing function without to through the Can another tion Custom This and of and
H1D H1D You to the of this function. Custom On the front of the there the release M.UP Press this to the and to function). of the within second) immediately the function. Can another function Custom options. Remote release attaching release accessory protected STOP DOWN Press this to of the depth-of-field the the chosen to the and closed as as the You the the to the Can another function Custom
H1D H1D There the as as the eyesight correction Eyesight correction wheel eyesight facility of to users. EV correction Press this to the EV with the front or EV correction appears the and LCD as confirmation. EXP EXP the and options with the front and and the appear the and LCD accordingly.
H1D H1D
H1D H1D to
H1D H1D The H1D or tethered. Untethered that the nected only to its which acts as facility and to the the and their from the the Tethered that the combined and connected to The then the the and the as The to its to to The the the to the The fire the to the The houses light-sensitive CCD (charge coupled which acts as The of the CCD light- areas, each of which each three red, and RGB). The the CCD to three of each which the software to the untethered, the built-in light with histogram and to using the tethered the aspects of from using the software. the Software Reference
H1D H1D inch preview, allows to through currently the information and from each and basic to to the Shooting H1D (tethered only) and processing. type of appears it to and and to Normal and processing. and they slightly than previews. high of
H1D H1D C the H1D untethered from the the displays the following: counter: shows the of currently the and there the preview: within C Battery appears and ashes to charge of the when operating disconnected from ISO high: appears and ashes to that ISO higher than and thereby increasing the of the Info: shows histogram indicating the and of the From the whether or to the histogram. MENU displays the from where the the Browse/Scroll to through the and to through items the the to the function and to the around to function as OK to function and to change/confi the
H1D H1D that to the back and the the of the back: and Ready. shows the of the currently to each based the of the Batch Info: shows info (items and C the currently From the whether or to the info. the to the showing the The displayed the the To the to the info and histogram MENU
H1D H1D the Browse/Scroll to highlight the then OK to and highlight the item and OK to Highlight Press OK The histogram the displayed the of the the LCD.
H1D H1D the to Info Info) The information the displayed the top of the the LCD. Press the OK to appear the right of the to this. Browse/Scroll to through the currently the Press OK to the to The to the showing the the or to the to To the Browse/scroll the which assigned to function as Generally to or as the and Right function as when Press or the Browse/Scroll to the
H1D H1D the Browse/Scroll to the to the the to then the OK If reached. You the function anytime the MENU options to the to through and to them: From the OK to Press to the then Browse/Scroll to highlight the item and OK From the appearing batch to through the from this or to through
H1D H1D The to the right the the of the the selected batch. Press MENU From the the option of selecting of the Info and Select Info and OK button. The Info shows the and and the the If the histogram the displayed. or batches from both the and while batches From the the currently the MENU and the highlight and OK
H1D H1D Browse/Scroll to highlight (to or (to then OK to confirm. Alternatively OK to Browse/Scroll to the to and MENU the highlight and OK Browse/Scroll to highlight (to or (to then OK to confirm. If to whole batch of Batch... from the and OK the appearing batches highlight the batch to and OK
H1D H1D Browse/Scroll to highlight (to or (to then OK to the ISO and White of the as follows: Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel the appears. Press ENTER DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to the options, that ISO and White ISO the wheel to choose ISO of or White the wheel to choose flash, or Press SAVE (the DRIVE or the release to the
H1D H1D the the the To the MENU from the Browse/Scroll to through the items please that holding the To item highlight and OK the Browse/Scroll to highlight and OK to To without MENU the from the the currently Browse/Scroll to highlight (to or (to then OK ton to Batch Batch function easy to from photo photo first batch the assigned or of choice. Every with the batch from P0000.
H1D H1D Info the of and It the of the and the which the switched function the the back.
H1D H1D the and Info to the histogram and info respectively the top of the the Light... to the background light or off. using the function the light to off of inactivity. to sounds to Ready, Overexposed and Underexposed respectively. the Sound to or the sounds. the to the and and to the information. the Down... the of inactivity which the and back should off. To the the On/Off the the or the interface the If of these the while from the these once the reconnected.
H1D H1D If the while the connected with the H1D untethered the following the of sound: occurred the and Please the and functionality. occurred and back. Please and batteries. back while the to finish. Please that the correctly. (H1D only!) H1D only function with H1D
H1D H1D The the the and and to the While shooting the with the H1D tethered to the the and operation, the H1D its the and the lithium Technical Specifications). straight to the which of to shots. specially to throughout its shooting, the to to and A. to hours of computer-free operation. Technical Specifications types. the connected to which B. the to this the to the of supplying to the it to mount the as or to supply Technical Specifications
H1D H1D C C. the from supply this Technical Specifications supply D. the which to the the E. that to the the of the and Ready. If the flashes, the recharging. F. On/Off switches the and on/off. Attaching/removing the Attaching the To the the follow below: the the top of the the as as and the
H1D H1D Removing the the that the the the from and off the then off. Battery with mounted OFF switch to ON when nected to the the the switches to OFF If this the switch the to ON necting the the that switched ON and that when the disconnected. the connected to the the from Battery reference type NP-F550) battery, when shooting the capacity of the If with the increased the of reduced. other around decreased. then switch off the the On/Off with the connected. The affected
H1D H1D MAC or PC Please that the influence the At the shooting should (or another to them their to the to selecting and processing. Connecting the to To the to as follows: the and the the to the Switch the the On/Off Within with of ready to
H1D H1D Selected The displays the following: Info information each of the selected shots. the currently selected shot(s) from the the and of the selected to thumbnails Double-clicking or the Load the selected shot(s) to the currently selected and them as 3F the with from the the selected shot(s). to the thumbnail. Sort this to choose whether the thumbnails should (the which they created) or If to the the Ascending to the right of the it to the the ...and checkbox. this to choose the to appear the the of currently the the the
H1D H1D searching the Search field to the the to search and type and containing this text shown. To to the text from the Search and type the that to the thumbnails selecting the Include option to this with arrow the corner.
H1D H1D options from the to the currently selected Thumbnails the following and of thumbnails the and them to the thumb- Select the and click the Immediately the age shown and of the selected to thumbnails Double-clicking or the the of the Select the to and appears: From the choose whether to Selection or the the to from the them to the the the to while type the the field.
H1D H1D the from the to renumbered while type the the field. Click Load... The to and as 3F the currently selected Thumbnails the Tethered (connected to the PC or with H1D as follows: Screen of with or other interface. information about the operating RAM and please to the Reference that with the soware. H1D easy to to the below to
H1D H1D MAC PC or the the H1D to the with the the to the with the If the to which of supplying to the to mount the as or to supply Technical Specifications If studio-flash lighting) to the and Switch the If battery, the On/Off and the ready the the Software Reference instructions about to the
H1D H1D Untethered location) the H1D to the with the the to the the Battery If required, to and the to or using the the of the Press the On/Off and the ready and the protective CCD cover the from the the CCD or with of the CCD the and from and heat Technical Specifications and
H1D H1D Protect and from the Cleaning the If or coloured or then to the the of to the of the IR thorough cleaning, or wipes. cleaning, follow tions below to the Firstly the the the top of the slightly the of the release and it clockwise the the to finally release the You then from the while the To the the the the the that they correctly positioned. the the and with click. electricity that built touching the housing. the from the or the protective CCD cover.
H1D H1D the IR as this it to the perfectly clean. Therefore, to the of the IR or the CCD yourself. If cleaned the of the then the back of the IR or the CCD This only the factory. ance. the protective cover or the to the immediately cleaning. Cleaning the HAMA cleaning and the HAMA Cleaning the IR of inches), that the the as thin, enough. If apply too the to the the the first, and then apply to the as the to match the of the IR or (to completely to the that the coated outwards! This the to to the the other as than Gently the the of the using or three Apply firm the to of the
H1D H1D the once. the with the as might reapply the first things Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning with E-wipes individually Tear the notch to Gently from and without cleaning the to match the of the to cleaned. Apply firm using or three the of the to firm to motion. of the as to reapply the first the Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning the If the or housings becomes dirty, clean them with cloth lightly with only. other the allow to the
H1D H1D coupling software based LCD interface
H1D H1D The HI of with durability. The of the chips that sophisticated operation. To the the the to and the of the recorded and freely service The houses the interface and the the rear of the protects the from the Please when the without protective cover or to the the front of the reveals the when cover or or to clean the or the More noticeable however, should of Authorized Service The the which easily or without the of or
H1D H1D Carrying carrying attached firstly the then freed and attached to the back the to the the H1D mechanical facility to of or rechargeable the with batteries, might encountered when this to to them located the of the While the depressed, the released from the Press the the to release the three CR-123 lithium (or the the polarity of each correctly oriented the the and the the the that seated properly and that the
H1D H1D the the the and the with the the back as as back the as as the locked Battery of factors and therefore exactly predicted, though the throughput of to should expected. If the the active instead of then this reduced. low-battery indicated as the LCD. the completely exhausted, battery appear the LCD. function when this appears and rechargeable optional accessory that the Please with the rechargeable further information. H1D with Spherical bright- ness, clarity and optional accessory with To the to the To the the of or the and upwards. To the the right of the that correctly the recess. the of or the and the to touching of the with
H1D H1D to the or of cleaning If the becomes to cloth the only. from Authorized Service the becomes that or greasy the might the whatsoever the recorded Accessory On the of the accessory screw threads (M5), as as protected beneath cover. IR-remote attached. cover to the PC TTL-flash synchronisation located the of the It protected
H1D H1D
H1D H1D light information wearers
H1D H1D C The laterally corrected It to users. The to wearers. The bright Spherical (located the interchangeable to preference, each of them indicating the light The information located beneath the and and back This LCD information the LCD tion to the LCD, there four and information. The The as with from the and easily and Please section Flash the section about the The and the Function section.
H1D H1D A. B. C. Eyesight D. E. F. G. H. release Attaching and the While holding the and resting the top of the the the front locating the the front of the Press the of the clicks that both of the seated correctly and that attached. to malfunction the interface the and positively secured. To the the right and while the release the of the and from the
H1D H1D corrective to the to from to D. wearers and the to whether they to wear or the the or smoothly toned While holding the hand, with right the wheel the the reach the sharpness eyesight. If normally wear and to wear them then them the If, the other hand, to then the without wearing the H1D. who to when photographing. those who to their further from the and those who to wear Authorized Service section Flash
H1D H1D and focusing with friction Non-rotation of or accessory when focusing Non-rotation of hours to Reversed as protection of and
H1D H1D C HC specially formulated the to the high performance expected from to the from and photography to sharpness, the incorporates pleas- (the of the out-of-focus of the to that synchronization to 1/800s. with To and and light focusing-assist light the activated. and the the should to performance. Protective (UV should least when A. B. C. Focusing D. Depth-of-field E. the front protective cover the the release and while turning the cover counter-clockwise. the
H1D H1D counter-clockwise the the with the the and the clockwise clicks the release and while rotating the counter-clock- and protective the immediately and the necessary. If to the the release might lock. this the clockwise first and then with the first, then released and and the and pinching the of the arrows. screw thread to and screwed clock- there of the front section of the when when using or graduated where the normally with that protection and when mounted and turned
H1D H1D clockwise the the with the the front of the mounted they attached matching the and turning counter-clockwise. and Both the and and the the the or chosen both the LCD and the LCD. the chapter Depth-of-field and through the the of the and depth-of-field focusing off the chosen from the Depth-of-field as follows: the as reading or and the the of the that to the chosen From these off the the The depth-of-field that and the includ- these
H1D H1D the the focusing nearly At of the depth-of-field therefore from to Stop /depth-of-field depth-of-field the STOP DOWN while the the to that light, the apply. Proceed as follows the the satisfied. the the this the (coloured red) instead of the Alternatively already the using the together with the instead of the as the the focusing to the H1D features LED appearing as arrowheads to the right of the with of or arrowheads of and useful to with eyesight
H1D H1D too the chosen too chosen chosen the arrowhead appears the too the chosen (the within the the and when the right rowhead appears the too when both rowheads appear together. If the established, then both arrowheads flash. when both arrowheads together. incorrect arrowhead If the established, then both arrowheads flash.
H1D H1D (optional accessory) off LCD information LCD Count-up or count-down choice
H1D H1D The optional accessory, highlighting the of the function as back location. It where necessity, where the of the or where required, instance, or where effects. C The sophisticated within the It its supply information LCD information and the and the the clean and It to the cover when to both the and the and A. LCD B. LCD C. D. E. Function F.
H1D H1D G. H. I. J. K. LCD repeatedly the function and the change-up and buttons. At the LCD seconds to LCD LCD the which when the attached to the LCD the the depressed, to of seconds. seconds expired, release the the and to further of that using the function noticeably the of the the the attached to the the the the LCD the the instead. C Can the upwards. to increase the action.
H1D H1D Can the to the action. Function Selects the four that the functions that repeated of the turn. time-out of seconds of non-activity, the to the only when the switch the the of the the applications. Indicates whether the or RED CANNOT from WHITE CAN from
H1D H1D If to with the closed, however, the and closed. and the the and counter-clockwise the to and clockwise the closed to The only when the attached to the ID from the as of the type of loaded. Dont to type! the the the and counter-clockwise to the and turn clockwise to the to To the the to the right the the to the to the interface interface and the clean and
H1D H1D tected from the protective cover when the or Battery to information and when from the attached to the the its from the batteries. normally effective years (off the month of low-battery appears the LCD as warning. to function with as as tached to the when the Battery Release the the and rotating counter- clockwise the completely. On the plate the of the housing cover. or the and the cover about counter-clockwise cover freed and the with fresh CR2032 3V lithium (or battery. the polarity and the and the cover the the locking rotating clockwise If
H1D H1D the incorrectly, the though tion. to touching the of the battery with as sweat the conductivity of the casing and might the to the Count and the You from the the (when the the shows white). Neither the when the attached to the Both these therefore caused the the the that they correctly positioned. the the and with click. If there the catch the released. that the release to the catch. You and the with or without the If to to and the without to the whole that the the shows that the closed). Firstly slightly the of the release and clockwise the the to finally release the
H1D H1D the of the the You the closed. If the then Press the repeatedly to access: A. (ISO B. of C. (on/off) D. counter (count count C (ISO ASA) or manually. (only this the (ISO length) the to light the the advanced three to fresh The counter three to the recorded the That the of
H1D H1D counter without their manually. to the of To the LCD the Press the (or appears together with ISO. Press the or the to reach the The of seconds. the LCD to the If both and (or that the accordingly. length/number of Both and used. with half-length only) or and If the then (and LCD the and the length. that with length). If, however, the then as follows: To type the the Press the the or appears. Press the or the to the
H1D H1D counter The timeout. the to the C activated or through the To the the Press the the appears. Press the or the to reach On or The of seconds. the to the Operation and to the function through the Please section counter counter to or already exposed. LCD shows choice of the as of the of or countdown. of this the count-up, it the of the to the three exposed). information displayed the LCD and LCD though as
H1D H1D To counter the the Press the appears. Press the or the to reach the function). the of the of the The of seconds. the to the Low-battery The low-battery appears the LCD when the the shown manually the (ISO160) manually already (therefore with the battery functional
H1D H1D The or off the the of the and or of from of and from light the and counter-clockwise the completely. the the the and the other the arm. the clicks Completely the from of and the orientation. the the around! of from the and the tongue of the the the Turn the to the tongue the the the of the the Press towards the and to that both with the turning the
H1D H1D
H1D H1D clockwise to the and the back its You might that increased the hand of the easily and the If the active or the wound the to the first (this function Custom that the advanced only when the release the first off the exposed, the wound off. to off the off the or to You the the LCD the Unloading To the the as when the of and the wound tightly and that with the properly (the to to the type). exposed from light and with the to the
H1D H1D Light Three light
H1D H1D Light and The light of selective three reflective weighted and measured of EV. Information and consistently and changeable lighting Light through the (TTL) the AE and manually or the and/or The information both the LCD and the LCD. of from through to sophisticated of the priority, priority, and factors to when choice, and which the light and of the account( Weighted and the and factors about the light meas- translated and the choice about the and their the or the Included this choice the type of too priority, and to and than others, while to and of of the to this the of this If
H1D H1D weighted about choice, please photographic textbook www.hasselblad.com and concerning such that to the of the the the Since the light TTL, factors, factors, account of and reasons and therefore should to preference. the LCD to within and EV This that half-stops shown that from displays. the and displayed as and the and as Therefore showing second. The appearance of s the whole seconds 45s the of seconds,
H1D H1D weighted There three three reflective the light reflected off selected of the to and through the (TTL). These the following (with their respective LCD weighted Commonly light where there of light or the tonal account approximately of the the weighted: the section of the focusing to of the This and typical choice where the the of the The to of the (the the of the of this the reading. This of tones.Typically the and light where required. tonal The instead of the LCD(
H1D H1D Selecting Proceed as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the wheel to the three choices: Weighted and Press DRIVE to the manually or using of four These the following the LCD: (priority) (priority) each both the and the information the LCD and the LCD. the front wheel and the the wheel.
H1D H1D the the and the or completely to Within this there four choices. (Please the and charts that the and combinations). MANUAL EXPOSURE user of the and To as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the front reach Press DRIVE to the this the and manually chosen turning the front and rear obtained when the the the the LCD). from this by: the appearing than the and
H1D H1D the the amount of the the would EV overexposure Conversely, would 2EV that the appearance of the and that to the and indicated to the right of the the full-stops, half-stops and third-stops displayed, to and appear as half-stop chosen). active and therefore however, to the than the instead that cally activates the AUTOMATIC EXPOSURE A, S, P, choice of of and and automatically: priority: manually chosen turning the front wheel, and the chosen the priority: manually chosen turning the front and the chosen the this chosen the to the EV measured as choice), though within to and applications.
H1D H1D to with the of tomatically account. with To of the as follows with the Press the EXP the Turn the front wheel reach the Press DRIVE to the the front selects tions while the EV and the rear wheel the amount of appears the as the the appearance of both the and that the appearance of both the LCD of wheel that to the AE- that incorporated lock. It function the AE-L section Flash). AE-L
H1D H1D EV and the pressed, the light facility to the EV that locked) appears the and the tion the LCD and LCD to the Press the AE-L to function). the the and become interlocked. this that the EV, chosen. the and the and them together, of, or the front this could, the the that to to and with the AE-L You then the with the brighter or while the and choose of and AE-L allows the function to tonal read- and brightness Press the AE-L to the EV this the as V), the the displays the amount of (from the the reading that amount of appears the LCD and the LCD as If chosen together with Custom as as of the or the that should
H1D H1D and the AE-L of the as the LCD as the the (Included and to the of the Alternatively choose to as another and then the of the to other appear the this following the and then turning the wheel the the LCD. You the to whether priority) that that might measured to it the as the then to the of the appears the Alternatively, the reading to and where there freely light might beach where that normally classified as You the holding the AE-L while choosing the turning the front wheel. the other of the their relation to the of to whether they within the of the and they might appear the from the further information about the
H1D H1D facility, both and from to EV, EV facility the the amount and the the the and as the LCD. To as follows with the active Press the the Turn the front or to increase or the amount of tion EV The amount the as both EV with or and as to with Press DRIVE to the then displayed the and as of the
H1D H1D
H1D H1D Functions and Three wheel Profiles
H1D H1D active ON or as as OFF active least and ON seconds to this Custom when the the ON ON To the the ON.OFF the H1D appear the LCD. followed the ON of inactivity Custom the the appearance of the H1D this the inactive and ready to immediately reactivated to the ON by: pressing the release the clicking the ON.OFF the this the H1D appearing the LCD, the the It where seconds.
H1D H1D from the ON seconds of inactive Custom OFF hours of inactivity. OFF Press the ON.OFF second. buttons the ON.OFF ineffective, the batteries. the when or the or where there might of activating the the to the of than this neither the LCD LCD information LCD, however, to information as OFF hours of inactivity. There both and that actively whereas as temporary of focusing rotating the focusing the The as with This that the release as To back to the AF and choosing AF or AF C).
H1D H1D With manually that the rotating the the and without to as the release the half-press the releasing the the release and the function immediately reactivated. the front wheel the the following active Press the AF the Turn the front wheel to: Press to the You the release half-press function to without to the focusing the the the focusing as would with to the the the release You instantly to the focusing releasing the the release first and then the release and to the
H1D H1D facility of You of while instantly without the friction the to purposely the of Please that when focusing manually, the infinity and the appear to the and the focusing of the or Continuous and activated the release to the half-press Its from EV1 ISO100. The of the within the the focusing light too or the of the too the top of the activated The from the Alternatively, attached that facility instead. This Custom options/AF light. AF the release the the that that finely focused. this normally of lighting with clear focusing
H1D H1D though that this the and focused that while the release this temporarily within the focusing the and then without releasing the release knowing that the the chosen though the focusing Releasing the the release and would the to the of the within the focusing Another who while the of the of to the to and the to AF function then manually with the when the pressed, the facility temporarily operates AF the automatically, the immediately to when the released. the without to the release to the or to the amount of searching the to the with of that search the infinity To focusing therefore, the to Near and chosen the
H1D H1D Continuous AF C the released the focused to the to the to within the focusing or though the release pressed. One to this when photographing such as to the release this the constantly to the focusing and momentarily releas- the the release and then immediately the amount of the to the the following active Press the AF the Turn the front to: or Continuous as required. Press to the
H1D H1D DRIVE There three Continuous and They the DRIVE the this when the release pressed, the advanced to the and the ready the To the however, first release the release and then active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to: Press to the Continuous the to and the the as as the release (to the of the of approximately second. active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to: Press to the
H1D H1D active together with fi the the fi the fi the of the of options and active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to: Turn the wheel to the of required. Press to the The LCD fi rstly that exposed the the of three the Press the release to the fi The LCD the the of three the the the LCD would then You to the the DRIVE ton to the fi to the The then another to the
H1D H1D PROFILES allows to of that crease the and security of One might where there might informal flash-assisted wide-angle shots, both the each they collectively as the then assured that the without the of button. might choose bracketing, Once the PROFILES button, and SAVE the instance and New the to flash, and the repeated. or the the instantly and correctly to match the four and and the following: flash, flash, flash, weighted
H1D H1D flash: (-1.7EV), Access them clicking the PROFILES when the appears and the selected the and to the to factory holding the MENU and DRIVE buttons with the the and through the priority, the and them as the the PROFILES the once and the appear. the front or wheel to through the of to SAVE The Profile then where the to what section Text further this Press SAVE to the of with the To from the the PROFILES to reach the the to the and then the (AF) ton. the then implemented.
H1D H1D You clicking the PROFILES to the the and the to the the PROFILES to the and the then appear and and accordingly. section Text and Press the PROFILES and through the to the the front or PressLoad to the Press the PROFILES Press SAVE. the first the and then selecting the characters the section Text and Press SAVE.
H1D H1D Advanced options and text
H1D H1D There of advanced that while every immediately through the They the that the H1D and sophisticated to of professional The Bracketing to that options when the accessed. the choice of or turning the wheel when the function chosen turning the front The allows the activation of the and of the Normally the the tripped creating the actions to this there the and light change. Therefore the function to where the the instead. Normally the instantly choose where the The though
H1D H1D highlighted. seconds chosen as option. to vibration-free release. It instead of release when The or to the light to the choose accordingly with changeable lighting function the the following Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears Press ENTER DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to the options, that (A displayed beneath the selected highlighted Turn the front wheel to choose the wheel to choose from
H1D H1D DELAY MIRROR UP MIRROR UP DELAY MIRROR GOES DOWN MIRROR REMAINS UP
H1D H1D highlighted. first, then chosen as option. highlighted. chosen as option. the highlighted wheel to choose. amount of then then then amount of then Turn the front to its and the advanced. the UP pressed. Turn the rear wheel to choose. Press ON AF to or the function) Press SAVE (the DRIVE to the Press the release to the of the the ON or OFF You the the ON OFF ESC the choice.
H1D H1D Bracketing The facility of the or and the others with EV from the This when using with containing tonal Firstly concerning the of required, the which they should and EV there should and the accordingly. The first or the EV that the the choose or the and Continuous the release the finished. Continuous the the to without or release the the and to to the of the without within the of highlighted. chosen as option. high- lighted. Press the MENU chosen as option. Turn the front Bracketing appears Press DRIVE the Turn the front to the that highlighted. EV chosen of (the of the as option. (the of the or (the amount of EV the
H1D H1D Bracketing EV EV EV
H1D H1D C indicating to and three the (A beneath the selected or C EV. Bracketing Press On AF button) to the activated indicating Press SAVE DRIVE to the the of this section the and with to the bracketing the ESC ON.OFF with EV the to choose the of required: the wheel to choose of four the to choose the amount of EV both the bracketing function +1EV, -1EV, +2EV, -2EV.
H1D H1D the allow the to of cally This often and motion security The and or to the the of Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears of Press the DRIVE the highlighted. Turn the front to the options, that chosen as option. of (the of required) (the the highlighted. chosen chosen indicated of the wheel to choose the of required: as option. the to choose: hours Press AF On to the You the release to the immediately or Screen SAVE and then the activated The shows the LCD when three indicating of every seconds. the ESC
H1D H1D hours
H1D H1D SETTINGS From the four Custom and Info turning the front From each of these four further Custom options twenty-one each with and Info the chart to of where the options the tree Custom options Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to Custom options and the DRIVE button. You the choices The heading the chosen function the front the the beneath.
H1D H1D Info
H1D H1D Custom options
H1D H1D timeout the amount of the active to (indicated the LCD the H1D EV the amount of EV of the front or wheels) to or function Stop Bracketing AF MF or AF) (shows histogram) Grey LM which function immediately activated when the the this though, only function that the de-activated. The AE-L, Stop buttons and that should to incorporate the of this section AE-L function Stop Bracketing AF MF or AF) (shows histogram) Grey LM AE-lock which function immediately activated when the AE-L the this though, only function that
H1D H1D the de-activated. Stop function Bracketing AF MF or AF) (shows histogram) Grey LM which function immediately activated when the Stop the this though, function that the activated. function Stop Bracketing AF MF or AF) (shows histogram) Grey LM which function immediately activated when the Stop the this though, function that the activated. Clockwise Counter clockwise the the of the the front to the the from to to and the wheel however, the action of turn- the to the then the that the from to to and
H1D H1D ready Allows to the charged. with or other TTL connected to the Not the PC the ready. allows release ready. Allows to release the with attached without or tached with the with attached without or attached with and the and LCD. allows the to released. Allows to release the without attached. the there attached and displays the LCD: allows the to release tion without of Allows to release the when the or the (indicated the the the allows the to released the On whether the cally to of Terms On allows the the
H1D H1D Normal the when to Normal the the as when to or Weighted. the the as the 205FCC. the of the and the AE-L pressed. then that the or and indicated the LCD as of Alternatively, the re-classified to another turning the rear when the the within the indicated their MF the arrowhead LED appear the them when the release them of the when active. them completely. AF light Allows of light to the light or the AF to active. flash activates the AF attached however, the used. the AF to
H1D H1D Rear Allows wheel to EV (or EV the turning the rear the and appears both as the and amount of tion appears the to the of the the LCD. the function off completely. the amount of locking when the pressed. and only however. function. wind-on Direct when the advanced to the first Direct to the first when the or when the attached. the when the release to On the On the the histogram whether histogram of appears the LCD together with that this
H1D H1D the the Allows the or to active or immediately to clears the and to the Allows the or to active or immediately to clears the and to the or EV Allows the of EV the LCD the the ISO Allows the of ISO the LCD the the Bracket the or the to when the Bracketing
H1D H1D DIGITAL ISO and White as follows: Press the MENU the Turn the front the appears. Press ENTER DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to the that ISO and White ISO the rear wheel to choose ISO of: or White the rear to choose flash, daylight or Press SAVE (the DRIVE or the release to the
H1D H1D ash, daylight,
H1D H1D function choice The AE-L and to directly of to this to the following short-cut Click the MENU Then immediately the to This directly the Custom options the that (This to the Custom other items than function). Press the chosen to and the function and to the function and to the function. the to Stop the Measure Initiates function. Initiates function. Initiates function. Initiates function. Bracketing Initiates bracketing function. AF Activates the AF focusing the the AF the focusing automatically. and of the AF when the
H1D H1D to this of the and certainty of the while the focusing the or function function as the M-UP the to the to the shown histogram. Grey Initiates LM the Weighted/ the function the back. foc with LCD.
H1D H1D The facility the text that appear the of each It to approximately characters From to access: Text which technical information recorded. From the front wheel options: the information: and the information only: and correction. (the and through the Text text Text Info text info Text (that created Text)
H1D H1D Text Text of information. The to Profile From Text ENTER Profile From the the PROFILES to and highlight the the and You to the where the PROFILES You then to the where to finally the Profile On the of the there containing and arrow turning the front the the and turning the the and These what to the the of text when the pressed. the the and the the highlighted character the text If, however, the arrow the highlighted and the the the of text to the to highlight another character which then or turning the front wheel, the turning the wheel, the vertically and characters. To the characters, as follows:
H1D H1D Removing text text Turn the front and the highlighted. On the text the text to the right of the character that to Press (AF ton) and the Repeated of the characters the the front and the character highlighted this the copyright and Choose the character the this and The J highlighted and this the the and characters appear. with characters, those to the from the that what Dont there of characters. If each character reach where to and then to the This shows completed character text with and
H1D H1D You firstly clear of text highlighting the the and repeatedly the the character turning the wheel appears the (The character the to the of the top furthest to the the with of the front and the character highlighted. Press the to the character that then appear the of the with the completed the of characters and Press the (DRIVE) to the You or character this to From the (DRIVE) Turn the front wheel appears. Press the DRIVE You the following the
H1D H1D turning the front wheel the to the following hours, month and respectively. the (AF), choose hour or hour Turn the wheel to the when the correctly positioned. Press the (DRIVE) to the Info Used to servicing reasons. From the (DRIVE) Turn the front Info appears. Press the (DRIVE) The shows of and to the right of each that the of actions that Please that completely actions as these testing Press the Next (DRIVE) to the software each
H1D H1D to SCA Rear
H1D H1D The H1D together with flash the PC or the the below). The houses with of and OTF/TTL This of enough as as from when connected to the the with the SCA3002 SCA3902 This free formation with as as backs. synchronisation to or (the or of Please the information flash with should to TTL attached, the H1D account whether the or whether fitted, as the and might increase when connected to peripherals (computers, lighting and should when IR and wireless release used. Victor AB responsibility whatsoever that might when with third-party of
H1D H1D the and appearing the top FLASH section of the LCD. the or together with flash, the of the which might the of If, the other hand, or instead, then of chosen the to or when using that the which might too the specifications further information You the with flash of (TTL flashes to with backs. Rear or to when combining light and flash. using with SCA3002), and the the to whether the to TTL or whether to its (A). However, when back, the the recommended. of the or SCA3002 the and the function that SCA or SCA specially with the H1D H1 should connected to the the
H1D H1D of LCD showing to Rear as as 1EV To the and to of effects, the function. the function. To the function. To the the and the FLASH once. Turn the front to the amount of required: from +3EV through -3EV (amount ISO Turn the wheel to the the (with or TTL The LCD shows the Normal or Rear the when to to the AE-L to reading. The features the following specifications: light 1EV flash)
H1D H1D LED to of LCD To the its the flash-unit catch backwards the of the To the flash its closed the top of the clicks back activated when the and when to its LED the when the charging and stationary when charged. light the together when another TTL connected (and TTL or coverage with the flash, or the flash: the flash-unit catch backwards the of the (FLASH front wheel If the incorrect to match the of the appears the with flashing flash together with warning the LCD flash. The LCD warning should then to the (That to the or and electrically connected of the accessory
H1D H1D SCA3902 the top of the or to the PC the of the switches/ connected the cover the when You the of attached (with PC nected and SCA3902 to where the acts as would. choosing with the which therefore from used. and the information the LCD satisfactory. To Press the FLASH the once to the option Turn the rear appears. Press the to the Press the AE-L The the the and fire the flash. Light reflected from the reflected off white the to the Deviations from displayed as EV the LCD and the LCD. If high or appears, the accordingly and reading. the EV: appears, or the amount of from the than EV than EV
H1D H1D Optional back Converter Rechargeable IR Release Release coupling focusing CF
H1D H1D There of optional the H1D with to of photographic and Please the information. The the headings the HM HM section this HM the HM type and mounted and dismounted as easily as the Converter 1.7X the and the to increase the tor of to of Converter the and mechanical as the the H1D consists of
H1D H1D and and the and the to reduce the focusing photography. three and the H1D TTL light Battery Rechargeable 7.2V and H1D containing rechargeable with capacity to option users. Battery Charger included. Release Remote release with of and UV and reduces without affecting protects the front Particularly when the three to and coupling Mounted this accessory and of the and repeatable integrated positioning of the easy. fits and threads and catch. Allows the back to plate heads.
H1D H1D H1 and security photography. Focusing HS Spherical type. ( and AF with H1D). with Focusing Spherical type with and ( and AF technical, architectural, and other photography. with SCA fro of flashes. TTL/OTF Battery CR-123A H1 with three CR-123 lithium with H1D). V/H Professional bellows type with HC protection stray light Its the as fro or to HC Other to
H1D H1D CF to allow the of C-type from the focusing the H1 to the of Light measured with which and informa- tion the With CFE however, to the cocking with and easily
H1D H1D
H1D H1D of Terms and explanatory charts Technical specifications Service
H1D H1D of the of clarity, and of items and the that to which the H1D and the ISO rating and of the to the and from incorrect might to the ISO which should to ISO Bracketing of or (normally both) the to the when lighting Easily and with the H1D. Browse/Scroll to the of searching through information, normally the information visually, buttons or wheels or Custom chosen the that from the EV It the photographic within the from to increase the 1EV. Similarly, the from to the 2EV. EV therefore or of both. It and of to the effective when without to the and confusing aspects of or using the to as or of (or of +1EV, overexposure and of -1/2EV, the chart this reference of and their
H1D H1D factory that to the first instance and to or Half-press actions initiated the release the and light both activated half-press. the of (and soware), histogram graphic of the of tones from to light measured LCD information and both LCD LED Light information plays. to the and right of the LCD to that photographic light to reading that or from the measured tone. international photographic which based. H1D and sophisticated information account the when satisfactory of photographic and users certainly with the consistently high of Nevertheless, technically or to that tion to the Naturally, seasoned they their and To this the following sheets of and the other white, three light reading; of the of the white and of the whole including the Without the first tone that to the or white. third however, the as tone while the
H1D H1D appear as and white respectively, as originally confusing this might first it to and If about this strongly recommended to to photographic to the from H1D. OTF of the light flash Profile You the H1D the to follow combinations of and or that photographic tions. which and the immediately without to through the and of when repeatedly confronted with photographic might of with You to of-field and to You concerned about the the and to possibly with might choose the option these and as that half-press of the release to the and the the H1D of that and and Half-length that with that the of the and both the other hand, each both the the from its another then acts as the the following and should and to light when sunlight. should and preferably light-tight and as as the
H1D H1D or as caused. Please or airport security or as they the to the of technically with internationally photographic section imply, however, that would the choice or correct to the section Bracketing. To simplify the reference to the from there the and therefore which of therefore the currently ated and the the LCD when photographing where operation, such as the this home that therefore the that normally when TTL rough of the light mechanics. that the of the front of the included. such as bellows, that account with low-resolution of and the that temporary to the or function If function, the to On the to the from to off, would the function to the to from the or as both buttons
H1D H1D function. the therefore, the to which to as they both the this of of tonal It originally the photographer and user and both white and photography. of the includes the and grouping of of (or hence the of predictability and tone Concerning the H1D, the to the grouping and of tones, where the (whether white or to of through IX (white). of this effective as the of the and closing when measured the height when fact that to and the influence the effective as the to its the and the this It follows that the influence shorter With the the amount of light the appears as the the effective then becomes T1. If the closed the amount of light appears as the effective increased to T2, which that T1. that the reduced exactly (1EV), however, slightly At the the as as EV. this the behaviour of the known and factor. At of or shorter the the to as illustrated the At the however, to the and the instead. Although infrequently please nevertheless that the White and
H1D H1D T2
EV H1D H1D EV EV
H1D H1D downloadable PDF of these charts from www.hasselblad.com EV EV EV
H1D H1D weighted
H1D H1D Construction Focusing Technical Specifications H1D Auto-focus, SLR with interchangeable and One shell. and and coupling plate HC with built-in and or focusing with H1D to the exacting of photography. mounted field of when wearing and built-in light Integrated with Hot-shoe SCA3002 SCA3902). LCD with of information. from to +2.5D. and focusing with focusing type phase AF EV to (ISO the The specify which to imprinted. include text the user such as and the photographers copyright second. and
H1D H1D choice back accessory bracketing Focusing and Electronically with from to of including B- and TTL centre-weighted Can with the built-in or of flashes with the SCA3002 SCA3902. ISO16 to of light. The H1D built-in that light from flashes, such as flashes. Interchangeable as optional accessory. both and types. type, to and off. using options weighted, and and ISO100: EV2 to Centre-weighted: EV1 to EV1 to Bracketing of or or EV of from to and from to hours. ISO to with The that clear and easy-to-understand information to the One located the and the other the The based LCD. Bright Spherical type D. Optional type with
H1D H1D Accessory interface supply with M5 threads and of the the photographer to or through the built-in Both and and the with the graphic interfaces. CR-123 Lithium type batteries. Optional with rechargeable and include protective and covers. H1D (L,W,H) HV 90X (L,W,H) HM (L,W,H) HC (L,W) with mounted and include protective and covers, and H1D HV 90X HC
H1D H1D CCD CCD Light Technical Specifications Specifications H1D MB 132MB ISO histogram feed, acoustic feed-back, back light, active to 35C to 95F) to RH to 35C to 95F) to RH
H1D H1D Capacity Battery Technical Specifications (IEE InfoLithium NP-F550, NP-F750, NP-F960 Duration, shooting to hours 24V DC
H1D H1D
H1D H1D H1D (with only) Enhanced information information Text Text Info Text Light (If used) (Not hour hour text chars Not than characters text chars Not than characters Not text than characters (Not Not text than characters text characters
H1D H1D BODY DEFAULT SETTING (STANDARD PROFILE) priority) LM weighted AF-S Normal of Bracketing Normal EV EV Custom options timeout EV EV function wheel CW ready of On Normal MF AF light Rear wheel wind-on Direct On histogram AE-lock EV ISO type Enhanced information text H1D MAGAZINE DEFAULT SETTING (STANDARD PROFILE) On counter Count
H1D H1D Service The H1D sophisticated that informa- tion and to and from each to the behaviour. It therefore that reason- attaching, and the to that the or when or the try to the or and holding the the or Warning The closed easily and the LCD further as they temporary or otherwise. You should the to whether the of accessory with the appearance of to and the that they and correctly to whether the that, of the or about seconds or the might and to Authorized Service as the of the behaviour and account of what action trying to when Also, please that the certainly to inspect of the items that when the first appeared, the that the affected of electricity the around the buttons the with or that connected to earth, directly or indirectly lighting This might temporarily the though Press the ON.OFF the to the If or rechargeable) to the protective when There fire the (such as If to repairs yourself. service operations sophisticated to and and there of than them such other EQUIPMENT CARE to withstand the of profes- To the of however, should protected from the following:
H1D H1D of High both and to and Allow the to assembly. to the such as as and to and from to from and the and focusing with blower or necessary. Smears the should treated with they with high cleaning to scratch the or of the with If to allow Authorized Service to them. physical protective should of protective or Loss: sought and should to theft. it and cover should professional users. SERVICE to service and to reliability. You easily service Info the If constantly and intensively, recommended of the Authorized Service They the and ised necessary to that GUARANTEE that bought from authorized covered international The and with the the the and to
H1D H1D and Restrictions instructions to If service, please this and of reach. or the or back. to the or H1D and other from If becomes from and allow to to the protective covers the H1D or when H1D and from heat and wires to or from H1D and of the where they tripped the The H1D specified with flash to high The H1D to ISO-10330 which to 24V and to If choose to supply only type with the H1D. Technical Specifications Lithium Battery If choose to with battery, with the H1D. Technical Specifications short-circuit the CAUTION! of incorrect type.
H1D If to of the back, and/or they to the FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the user to the interference his The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as AB. AB responsibility or or that appear this AB responsibility or or age incurred or as of software or products. and of AB. Macintosh, OS and of Apple Computer, Inc. InfoLithium of Corporation. AB the right to technical and instructional information without and whatsoever, or otherwise, or incurred with AB. rights Printed