the 503CW built around the with its of high performance, based the of high-end than and this features round off the than The Victor built to the of Victor photographer and Theres what achieved with think the right track. The 503CWD II the of both and functionality and that to offer. mechanical that the to the to other CWD II Coated IR to inch TFT CF or tethered operation with built as as (with Compatible with CF to the 503CWD II and choice. This the wishes with that matches the from the while the to This offers the of from the first C to The offer from to with www.hasselblad.com
The film-winding crank easily with the CW, the 503CWD II with both as as The manually or or IR. With the CW, the to photography. The when turning the shots. The 503CWD II together with of from to Carl the leading optics Thanks to Carl T* anti-reflection coating and internal stray light reduction treatments, these and tion quality, flexibility, and there choice of pre-owned the which The built-in flash (TTL/OTF) photography childs when with flash. the light reflected off the and cally the precisely to the of the or lighting the incred- easy to The focusing clear and bright and and split-image the the choice those the to both and whether the or location. those who to and when shooting the to the of those and and highlight and areas. CWD II RGB the tations professional photographers, of the forced choice of to the tones, flowers To this, to with its Color/Phocus software. Working with the RGB to of-the-box with tones, and other effectively. To 3F RAW (3FR). The 3F RAW to that effectively and the (CF The includes to the professional photographer the first The DNG to directly Photoshop. This allows photographers to and efficiently, reducing the downtime to and to reach the quickly. of including and copyright, with CaMERaS of Combined with the architecture of the this allows to The 3FR the the RGB with its out-of-the- and both the with to and the 3FR directly this www.hasselblad.com
The 3FR, FFF and DNG that created with or directly This that (3FR, FFF and DNG) the and to directly from such as Preview, iPhoto, and thumbnails created both FFF and 3FR inspection Architecture Building the of its Feedback created Architecture (IAA), of feedback to the pher to the shoot rather than the selection IAA and each the photographer immediately whether the red, or light The information recorded both the and the and easy to and the field or the TFT the products high and bright sunlight, to allow and the invention. CWD II three of operation and and the profes- photographer. offers choice of the CF tethered with or optionally the With these three operating and the photographer to to the of the hand, whether the or location. Workflow the photographer offers with the highest of the photographer, the 3FR rated the 503CWD II. tethered operation and productivity to advanced natively and to allow to free co-workers and clean and and the of the allows easy to and cleaning of the hours of retouching www.hasselblad.com
CF the of with specifications, exceeding the exacting of photography. CF the of with of the crafters, Carl CFE CFi CF CF with from the the CF The of this accessory and effective of CWD II the high performance shutters, them and useful or other lighting thanks to the T* anti-refection coating and stray light reduction treatments, these and CFi CFi CFi CFi www.hasselblad.com
the without to allow the choice; or often chosen as to the factor. The includes: protective cover, Rear cover Protection cover CFV, input CF-flash Grey and E-wipes. Focusing and focusing with as The and included. SPECIFICATIONS HASSELBLAD CWD II Selection of from to factor Shooting ISO ISO and seconds CF type II (write or tethered to or PC RGB: On GB CF and GB Battery type InfoLithium NPF TFT feedback IR Mounted acoustic feedback IAA Architecture Included, with: Acoustic back, 3F RAW Software FlexColor/Phocus (included) Platform OSX. PC: NT, XP OSX. type Battery InfoLithium L, to hours of shooting C F without [W D] and CF CWD II MB CF to of MB 3FR (3F GB CF 3FR to 3F of MB each including (preview, and history 3FR to DNG of MB each FlexColor/Phocus TIFF MB www.hasselblad.com
Specification to without UK CFV II or (NOTE: these combinations from or input CWD II C/CM C/CM SWC SWC/M SWC SWC 202FA/203 FE TCC FCC With type and CF type EL/ELM ELX CW CW EL/ELM ELX (Not recommended Battery CW or of CW. EL of EL/ELM and ELX Battery FC FCM FCW FE TCC FCC With C type FlexBody, (Not recommended with www.hasselblad.com