H4D40 The H4D Family count DAC H4D-40 ISO HC/HCD H4D-50 ISO HC/HCD H4D-50MS ISO HC/HCD H4D-60 ISO HC/HCD UK
where and things and instance. while that and the as Format there reason why to that their Format photography the of Format with the of the H4D-40, these and advanced optics, increased and clarity, and within reach of whole of photographers. the of the renowned the H4D-40, with the should of serious photographers the highest to where enough
HASSELBLAD DSLR SUPERIOR IMAGE QUALITY If that then to them. thing straight the H4D-40 fits hic The H4D-40, products the century or with approach to That that higher If building from cheaper If slightly higher ISO the Uncompromising Quality You of the the DSLR that years. What of the fact that Format dramatically, and increasing the that existed and than DSLR serious photographic the tion where and of that Not The choice where the H4D-40 the platform the creative and that the customer. The H4D-40 features CCD with the of the DSLR These the land- the light the high performance HC/HCD and clarity and without the and This interaction and the foundation of What You Really What You (HNCS) and out-of-the-box with tones, and other tones easily and effectively, with or STILL MATTERS LARGE FORMAT SENSORS AND LENSES The the without optics that advanced enough to with the tion Format the with the highest quality, quality. Choosing of of to MARCEL PABST
HASSELBLAD DSLR FOCUSING AND COMPOSING Then If there and Format then why of the leading photographers choose to invest New Approach to Focusing and of the chal- the photographic world: focusing throughout the Without typical AF only correctly that the of the If to the first the and then the At this as the of follows the to the of the The DSLR to the with AF which allows the photographer to off-center AF often tedious and to with and to the physics of SLR the off- clustered relatively to the To of this forced to first, then the to with of as To this to velocity The the (APL) which the foundation The APL re-composing, then these to the and the commands to the The APL the advanced and the corrections such that The firmware then further the using the found HC/HCD More Focusing The H4D-40 noticeably shallower depth-of-field performance to This and focusing, when combined with the The H4D-40 photographers with and options and the HTS and the to with and enough, when the HTS IQ another the nually with the that with the information the DAC function to and when they processed, and the of the field when shifted, rotated and to The HTS the HC/HCD from to and each length. STILL MATTERS TRUE FOCUS FOR ACCURATE COMPOSING AT CLOSE DISTANCE The of the shallower of than DSLR to selective to creative further You when creatively with shallow depth-of-field.
HASSELBLAD DSLR MODULARITY Modularity With that allows to or to shooting or You easily cleaning, instance, or H4D-40 to advanced You choose or to the and The reason that phers choose to invest and shoot with really the ity of the that they when shooting with products. There of other reasons, however, that to photographers around the These features, the craftsmanship and the modularity of the and or the choice of bright things to quality. Things creative professional or of Things that photography further. Bright and Choose One of the of the the and bright and easy operation The HVD Thomas that, to formance the choose to shoot with the HVM which bright and creative composing. This choice of to the that or the shoot the with the or shooting from spective, STILL MATTERS CHOICE OF BRIGHT Choose of and shooting to the with choice of both and featuring the brightest, What people to that technical tion isnt about technical about creative MATS BENGTSSON
HASSELBLAD DSLR EASE OF USE to to Beat One of the Format that they to learn and to fact, to than high- Both software and easy to tographers that and to than IAA and IAA of feedback that the rather than the selection process. recorded both the and the and easy to classify and the field or back the If cant 3FR Several of features would without the 3F RAW (3FR). This includes which reduces the 3FR software to the The 3FR Apple or Profiles and Interface The H4D-40 and easy shooting or and the H4D-40 action, with user to The interface easily from both wheels or to preference. Then Photo: McCurry Toast seconds With know that the MCCURRY STILL MATTERS TIMES of the to The H4D-40 allows of to length, creative
STILL MATTERS BEST AND WIDEST HIGH-END LENS RANGE purchasing the advanced high-end featuring and advanced offering to HC/HCD and The of as light. first HC/HCD specifications and performance high high, fact. to of fast, with to the the world. four of the HC/HCD that the the outperforming the of Carl and performance. The HC/HCD includes AF from to with shutters, with
and Creativity The every reduce platform and and allow to 1/800s, the to shooting that otherwise the the the CF The HC/HCD Carl why choose? With the CF with of the shutters, allowing to to 1/500s. Watch claiming to offer based mechanical mount such products shutters. DAC Theres Thing as Perfect That Stop from Trying Physical and only to the imperfections that optics the advanced of the quality, that corrects the of imperfections. This correction (DAC) from tion to each that aberration, and and with HC/HCD DAC with the Carl based input of the The H4D-40 allows informa- tion from the and to to the of the AF account the and the and of sharpness and HC HCD This of the wide-angle presently the achieved throughout the focusing exhibiting corner-to-corner HC with of This offers corner-to-corner sharpness, and features with to high performance the focusing HC all-round, incor- wide-angle and featuring advanced with Corner-to-corner and HCD HC HC HC HC HC HC HCD HC HC HC HCD HC HC HC HC HC HC HC and stray light cations too where slightly required. HC The the the The high- performance correction, and The photography light and bright photography. HC the perspective head and shoulder photo- HC that the of while HC The to low-light or action where higher required. The slightly than coupled with its shorter depth-of-field choice too instances. HC The the the HC It reaction and HC The HC from wide-angle to telephoto. This HC The tionally high performance HC Converter HCD boasts exceptionally high whether shooting or and with HCD The of performance, the HCD advanced and the correction with aspheric to what think the highest the Converter The Converter the and to increase the factor of This to of
C-type from the with optional CF CF The CF allows C-type from the to further GPS Recording (GIL) with DSLR. The GIL with GPS and This then as the of archiving and the of software to the Earth HTS and The HTS and creative that photographic to The with the following of and and H13, H26, H52. recorded and as with DAC H13, H26, H52 photography and respectively field of when wearing Includes built-in and light Exclusively H4D. of professional specifically the HC7HCD the of to www.hasselblad.com) SCA connecting flashes with the SCA to the of professional to www.hasselblad.com. Focusing H3D-31 Spherical type focusing (7.5 and AF With and the and The HVM allows and with of with mount front. to and correction eyesight correction from opticians). To and The V/H bellows that protection stray light. Its the using the this ted to as as to the CFi and Tele-Superachromat FE The or The bellows easy to the or without The V/H with and the HV and the HVD of to the DC with AC supplying from Focusing H3D-31 Spherical type focusing (7.5 and AF the and as with H4D-40. STILL MATTERS PROFESSIONAL ACCESSORIES FOR AND TECHNICAL FLExIBILITY of features, options, and to the from whatever shooting and shooting to creative such as the to integrated of shutters, shutters, the HTS and and Then the everything Its clear... THEN
STILL MATTERS SOFTWARE, SIMPLE INTERFACE software to the from the advanced without to back to to The photographer and with than allows to the from the and to ground- of and technical both and both and easy to and of profes- features: from with and Correction (DAC) to with DAC increases and the and further processing. Leading Edge With the that high effectively matically and directly the leaving and hours of tedious Advanced and Perfect Quality Tethered shooting smooth with Remote of tions, such as focusing, and of advanced including: easy-to-use interface Highlight recovery and function histogram www.hasselblad.com and selection of of choice Inspection options of every The of the There three that Quality, Reliability. MICHAEL GRECCO
STILL MATTERS: TECHNICAL HIGHLIGHTS OF THE H4D-40 with and TFT with Highest from Option of or directly Apple or to choose and AF lights Choice of combining point-and-shoot and to creative to and with to MB/sec read-write performance CF the
H4D-40 Technical Specification type: DSLR Focusing: with cross-type feedback. EV to ISO RAW 3FR MB TIFF MB to when Based (APL) RAW 3FR HC/HCD with to +3.5D). to +2.5D). seconds to ISO ISO and IR Mounted CCD software: and and EV2 to Weighted: EV1 to EV1 to Platform Macintosh: OSX. XP and and and type: (IEEE supply: Rechargeable VDC compatibility: Mechanical from options: CF type U-DMA IV) or tethered to or PC C/32 F capacity: GB CF with HC80 seconds (Complete HC80 and CF inch TFT type, feedback: H4D-40 Photographers To about the this and the photo- graphers who them, the shooters the Showcase: USA www.michaelgrecco.com World of The than to products and philosophy. turning www.hasselblad.com photographers to gather to and tricks, to off their the of others, and to learn about high-end photography. of from and brochures and www.hasselblad.com featured: Mathilda 3D Thomas Norway Then www.kevinthen.com to the info about products and On of this where the or to yourself, to winning Victor and as of February there of the Competition victor McCurry USA www.stevemccurry.com to owners. The photo- graphers to their and businesses to the tors that to the every and the to and of the advanced phtoographers the industry www.hasselblad.com