H4D H4D-60 H4D-50 MS H4D-50 H4D-40 H4D-31
H4D The this with H4D. They and to the H4D. otherwise stated, and C Introduction H4D and displays functions information and feedback Carrying Battery charger Charging the Rechargeable Rechargeable lithium-battery Battery Battery On Accessory plate and the Attaching and Depth-of-field Depth-of-field Continuous Light ISO white AE-L Profiles SU introduction and of and of of items SU the Compact Formatting Tethered to
H4D SU White Grey Browsing and IAA Architecture IAA Browsing with batches Creating batch batches from from Interface About Custom SU Custom of Bracketing Custom Info Text Optional Light Technical specifications and service
H4D to The H4D builds and expands the of the H3D the photography, first around the and reliability, chosen to the there than that. the tradition of building and to to using the of of the worlds and famous photographers. Congratulations Format photography, the of become The allows the H4D to the photography to than the physical of the and which the highest of without the
H4D H4D features with 'APL' substantially and photography professionals. The to choose tethered or untethered to the of both location and the HC/HCD includes with shutters. from to and factor and HCD factor with shutters, with to 1/800s. AF Interchangeable (optional accessory). HTS (optional accessory) HC/HCD from to CF (optional accessory) allows of the from the Option of or with directly Apple or This selection of the professional features expected from professional There The highly renowned HC/HCD includes with shutters. from to and 1.7X The HTS easy to tion HC/HCD from to The CF (optional accessory) allows of the from the with of their allowing to to 1/500s. The reducing thanks to the of the there shallower of field to selective to creative this the HC further of sharpness and of and The H4D offers choice of CF or With these operating and to to the of the hand, whether the or location. of the that serious photographers focusing through- the field. The to the with AF To this to velocity The the (APL) which the foundation of allows information from the and to to the of the account the ifications of the and the specifications of the DAC Correction' (DAC), APO-chromatic correction of the based of the concerning each each that each the that
H4D Architecture Building the of its Feedback created Architecture (IAA), of feedback to the grapher to the shoot rather than the selection process. IAA and each the photographer immediately of its The information recorded both the and the and easy to and the field or back the IAA and the invention. the H4D high and bright sunlight. (HNCS) to and out-of-the-box with tones, and other tones easily and effectively. to incorporate HNCS and DAC-features 3F RAW (3FR). This includes which reduces the The 3FR DNG Negative), this to the professional photographer the first to DAC and the of the DNG from 3FR through Accessories include items such as and as as items. instance, the (GIL) with GPS coordinates, and This the to of tions archiving and One the of software to the Earth Then there the HTS that allows and with the HC/HCD from to It both technical and creative There CF that allows to from the to the the of this The or US A4) its or as to with the as that as the information appear the Where information then clearly as such.
H4D smooth, and The the should and to the the that. (HNCS) to and out-of-the-box with tones, and other tones easily and effectively. 3F RAW (3FR) to incorporate the HNCS and DAC features. Correction (DAC) to aberration, and which reduces the 3FR directly Apple or Uncompromising when tethered. Includes and focusing. directly the Allows Please the or of performance. the section of the information. The of of the and of of and features that think each their own of the H4D possibly to learn the and of and the when ready the from the thats guaranteed, when to or efficiently the H4D of The there, to to RAW Conversion. features: high With the effectively without the to selections or other directly the New (GPS, The included follows the IPTC Core with XMP. GPS to allow of tions. GPS directly to Earth, geographic reference and and DSLR photographer that the shoot, the things to to once the field or the shoot. to than allowing to and and the New tethered operation of including of the focusing when the or the mounted GUI The GUI includes straightforward options to of such as choice of of of options shoots, and the section allows and to tailored to the of options including or and the and selection.
H4D processing. and correction high-performance with of memory, advanced graphics and operating the should include which to directly from the To the compact-flash instead compact-flash recommended flexibility. and If to the H4D from PC (as to that the the of supplying Please the following: the H4D and from wherever If becomes from and allow to attempting to when the cleaning as the CCD protective to connected to or from and of the where they tripped the the when active. or as items. There of factors such as offers, Please that the items noted the information and correct. or immediately anything or the numbers and purchase where Please purchase and the warranty with the and protective covers as as and touching and the and of withstanding rough treatment nevertheless and treated with from the Finally, please the instructions, or other information. If access, please or the information. both and PC PC NOT
H4D H4D There H4D to choose from. from performance and related to the there the However, the information this to they as such.
H4D This section of the technical specifications and the the H4D It highlights information that to The H4D practically the of features such as of from the H4D-50MS the of the The with and with There technical the of this Top of the featuring the photo- graphy. Temporary with philosophy of and of the firmware This affects the functions below however. functionality Flash-sync The to the of the H4D-50 the months these firmware locally the function. You therefore, to the the formation. thank this Please using or as earlier the H4D-60. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS RAW 3FR: MB. RGB TIFF MB Shooting ISO ISO and CF GB CF inch TFT type, type HCD with the the reduced coverage the the H4D-60. HCD of the and the information.
H4D to single-shot the H4D-50 MS that the and the the section this concerning the The H4D-50 MB that to the that renowned TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS RAW 3FR: MB. RGB TIFF MB Shooting ISO ISO and CF GB CF inch TFT type, type TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS RAW 3FR: MB. RGB TIFF MB Shooting ISO ISO and CF GB CF inch TFT type, type
H4D The H4D slightly from the other H4D featuring of to seconds. ISO from Entry-level H4D featuring to the TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS RAW 3FR: MB. RGB TIFF MB Shooting ISO ISO and CF GB CF inch TFT type, type TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS RAW 3FR: MB. RGB TIFF MB Shooting ISO ISO and CF GB CF inch TFT type, type
H4D and displays This section introduction to the buttons' as as the information the Photo:
H4D functions Below of the of the and buttons. or functions to the of the or found further this M.UP and lowers Can reassigned to another function. Remote release attaching release STOP DOWN to Can reassigned to another function. release Releases activates from FLASH (CONTROL LOCK) to change. as as acting as AF Accesses ISO/WB ISO and White acts as wheel Accesses and Activates function. Can reassigned to another function. Format Re-formats CF AE-L light reading both and Can reassigned to another function. MENU Accesses Accesses and informa- tion ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) the and off. Accesses Profiles and acts as other Rear wheel Accesses and Eyesight correction wheel to eyesight. EV correction EV EXP Accesses and
H4D This the functions and commonly when shoot and they buted the three displays. and appear both the and the displays appear the to ISO appear the and the the Also, throughout. the ISO the the matically appear the Also, this to the ISO the which the and only the nevertheless the and Please that the and displays These covered further this VIEWFINDER INFORMATION counter Warning warning REAR LCD INFORMATION ISO White IAA rating .....optional..... of information LCD INFORMATION counter ISO White EV Battery .....optional.....
H4D Typical synchronisation) (EV Typical when weighted) White (Daylight) Command The the commands (which to the The immediately each the this would the FLASH to from the below. the options when The active wheel and Arrowheads which wheel should to the they this the Bracketing option chosen the front wheel and the of that option chosen the front wheel information The the screen displays information about the of the the displays what and the displays the of or what (1/400s) ISO ISO) counter chosen
H4D Typical the when activated the or priority LED Warning LED of displays to AF EV) Normal with activated second) Normal with AE Normal with activated weighted) LED and HCD only) appear right of when tions activated. counter and where: Weighted
H4D shooting, the the information often The buttons to the and ISO function The and them inspection. shooting, the amount of information together with the choosing section further this the the showing histogram with ISO and white information as introduction further this of the information that the White IAA rating ISO white information retained when the The and The the to the actions of of the buttons the wish. introduction
H4D C and release This half-press and (or softly) the function and activated. the (or firmly) the released (or the chosen the activated with this FLASH (CONTROL LOCK) (EXIT) This function If the second, the sound and appear the that the the release) and therefore tentionally Press the to (this function to or Custom options clicking the the information the from the section This acts as the EXIT other including EXIT when the AF (ON) (SEL.) C This function button. Press this to directly the choice from the section It acts as the ON and SEL. select) buttons other ISO/WB (SAVE) (ENTER) This function It to the ISO and White section It acts as the SAVE and ENTER other as as OK when the wheel The front and to the as as the The of the MENU Accesses the first of the Illumination/Battery Press to the active to battery information ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) Press the to the The H4D appear and then the seconds the of the turn the off completely from click the the Profiles section of the from the the and of this
H4D Reassignable buttons and of and You to investigate their Custom Rear wheel The front and to the sections of the as as the The of the On the of the as as the wheel, there further three buttons: Activates the section of this function Format CF Purposefully recessed to appears confirmation. AE-L This light reading both and It to reading. Can reassigned Custom to another function. section the AE-L On the front of the there buttons the release M.UP Press this to the and to function). of the within second) immediately the function. Can reassigned Custom to another function. Remote release attaching release The accessory protected STOP DOWN Press this to of the depth-of-field the the chosen The to the and as as the You the the to the Can reassigned Custom to another function.
H4D feedback There sounds to information. mechanical click sound while the actions rated as overexposed three the whereas three the as illustrated Click the buttons to hear the sounds. Interface section activation and Ready: Battery: battery: IAA yellow: red: There buttons the as as the eyesight correction wheel: Eyesight correction wheel The eyesight facility of to to users. EV correction Press this to the EV with the front or EV correction appears the and as confirmation. EXP The EXP the and options with the front and and the appear the and displays accordingly. ON: ON: OFF: OFF: Ready: ON: OFF: Ready: battery: IAA IAA yellow: red: ON: OFF: Ready: battery: IAA yellow: red: red:
H4D the the follow- groupings of and actions when The that the first to the and then of the The wheel arrowheads the buttons function, the ON.OFF click action as as (half-second) action and the release half-press and Several the to the of the the illustrated the FLASH functions as the EXIT the AF button as the ON and the ISO/WB functions as the SAVE The front and rear to the the At the displays seconds to The to the the The FLASH acts as EXIT and the ISO/WB acts as OK when the The following of the terms the actions that appear the the the back the the function On activates the function (Select) selects the character info and ESC: terminates action and to the and back the Can SAVED NOT SAVED half- release ton (ISO/WB ESC (PROFILES /ESC (FLASH button)
H4D based user interface The H4D of with durability. The houses the interface and the The the which easily or without the of or Please when the with- protective cover or the to tect the the front of the reveals the when cover or or to the or More noticeable however, should of Authorized Service
H4D Please the Battery charger BC-H VDC with Battery rechargeable 7.2V only. C Please to the rechargeable with H1/H1D the firmware the or the to function properly. Carrying The carrying attached firstly the The then freed and attached to the back the to the the the The purposely tight and might to The Battery rechargeable 7.2V the the H4D and type. The H4D supply actions as there mechanical facility. untethered, therefore to the with fresh lithium rechargeable the with batteries, might encountered when this to the battery to (both of to as the battery this and The and the both of the from the the (A) and the (B) the (C). If to the from the should that the cover (to It and outwards and upwards the locking To the the and the with the back as as back the clicks back The charger The charger with to of Other of the chosen that the the correctly the the the
H4D It about hours to the completely the first If to the rechargeable battery with H1/H1D the firmware the or the to function properly Charging the With the from the the from the charger the the the charger (100240V~ the charging the the the following: Rechargeable The should hours first The of 1045C 113F). reached the and the appearance of the battery the the type, memory of and therefore recharges such as of capacity or performance. It therefore to recharge the of the to the while as eventually become completely though the off. The integrated that the battery and Battery the with this should calibrated, the used. To this, the (or the battery appears. Then, recharge the hours. This the of the from the charger and immediately with another, allow seconds to that the the charging It perfectly the to become when charged. temporary of performance might high or the this the If to the while, to with to charge. You the the According to the CIPA should expected from battery, though this however, with achieved. The should service of around yellow flashing Pre charge flashing flashing flashing yellow Charging Charging Ready
H4D The lithium-battery should as only. Rechargeable The following should the to the correctly. the protective cover when (Short-circuiting fire the anything other than H1/H1D/H2/H2D/H3D/H4D the the Please or other than the charger BC-H VDC Battery BC-H VDC the instructions the than charging of Battery rechargeable short-circuit the the charger other than the lithium-battery The lithium-battery (accessory) and the as the rechargeable Press the the to release the three CR-123 lithium (or the the polarity of each correctly oriented the the and the the the that seated properly and that the the tion. the the and the with the back as as back the as as the Battery Battery of factors and therefore predicted. If the the active instead of then the become exhausted indicated the the as as the heard. The warning the appears as flashing the top right of the that the should (or as as The appear with and turn to that the completely exhausted. tery the completely exhausted, battery appear the the battery appears, the automatically temporary power-saving This the actions The actions sound differently. This that while, though the the too the Naturally, should the as as to action
H4D Battery (rechargeable only) full-screen information and appears the holding the illumination/battery This displays: the firmware the of the recharge change. rechargeable-battery that as as The information the of to of the of to of when shooting or the with would to the than others who You should to of usually and therefore that of normally to to the exhausted (when The information, however, another of based the amount of the rather than of that these and that there of factors affecting battery, as as The active ON or as as OFF active least and ON The to seconds Custom Both the and the displays accordingly. The to become inactive Interface Down). of inactivity, the whole off cally to (indicated ON To the the ON.OFF the H4D appear the The the The ON of inactivity Custom the cally the appearance of the H4D this the inactive and ready to reactivated to the ON by: the release the Stop clicking the ON.OFF the this the H4D appearing the the the It where seconds. from the ON seconds of inactive Custom
H4D of showing the and to other (with OFF From the active the ON.OFF second. buttons the ON.OFF ineffective, the battery. This the when or the or where there might of activating the the to the of than this neither the infor- mation The H4D with Spherical brightness, clarity and optional accessory with To the to the To the the of or the and upwards. To the the right of the that correctly the recess. the of or the and the to touching of the with to clean the or of cleaning If the becomes to cloth the only. from Authorized Service the becomes that or greasy the might the whatsoever the recorded Accessory On the of the accessory- screw threads (M5), as as protected beneath cover. The cover pointed such as the and then to the as the The cover-retaining then to the PC TTL-flash synchronisation located the of the It protected Protective To the protective the foot To the catch while the plate back the
H4D light information wearers The laterally corrected It features to users. The to wearers. The bright Spherical focusing (located the interchangeable to preference, each of them indicating the The information located beneath the continually and and back This information the to the there four and information. The the section about the The and the Light section.
H4D and HVD HV C G. release A. H. release B. C. Eyesight There The HVD (or The HV the H4D-60. the both D. E. F. Attaching and the While the and resting the top of the the the front locating the the front of the screen Press the of the clicks that both of the seated correctly and that attached and to tion the interface the and positively secured. To the the right and while the release the of the and from the corrective to the to The from to +3.5D. wearers and the to whether they to wear or the the or smoothly toned While holding the hand, with right the wheel the the reach the sharpness eyesight. If normally wear and to wear them then them the If, the other hand, to then the without wearing the H4D. The who to when photographing. The shorter those who to their further from the and those who to wear The Authorized Service section
H4D and focusing with friction Nonrotation of or accessory when focusing Nonrotation of focusing from to of and C type from the with CF (optional accessory) HC specially the to the high performance expected from to sharpness, the incorporates pleasing to To and fast and light AF light the activated. should to performance. Protective (UV should least when DAC corrections chromatic aberration, and
H4D C and A. B. C. Focusing D. Depth-of-field E. the front protective cover the the release and while turning the cover counter-clockwise. the counter-clockwise the the with the the and the clockwise clicks Removing the release and while rotating the counter- clockwise and protective the immediately and the necessary. If to the the release it might lock. this the clockwise first and then with the first, then released and and the and pinching the of the arrows. screw thread to and screwed clockwise there of the front section of the when This when or where the normally with that protection and when mounted and turned clockwise the the with the the front of the mounted they attached matching the and turning clockwise. and Both the and and the the There the or The chosen displayed both the and the the chapter Depth-of-field There and through the the of the There and depth-of-field The focusing off the chosen from the
H4D too the of the the section the too the of the the section the Depth-of-field as follows: the as reading or and the the of the that to the chosen From these off the the The depth-of-field that and the included these the the focusing nearly At of the depth-of-field would therefore from to approximately that of field Perception of factors and should as rough Stop depth-of-field depth-of-field the STOP DOWN while the the to that light, the apply. Proceed as follows the the satisfied. the the this the (coloured red) instead of the Alternatively already the using the together with the instead of the specialists, please information about photography. as the the focusing to the H4D LED appearing as arrowheads to the right of the with of or The arrowheads of and useful when with eyesight the arrowhead appears the too the chosen (the within the the and when the right arrowhead appears the too when both arrowheads appear together. If the established, then both arrowheads flash. when both arrowheads together. incorrect arrowhead If the established, then both arrowheads flash.
H4D characteristics that further the the HC the allowing or This appears the together with that Further information found the "HC that each The from the Also, HCD corrections when Phocus. the information the included with each the DAC correction) to chromatic aberration, and specifications This of should when user who would the of to the AE-L (or to AF The then and the AE-L pressed, to The immediately to when the released. Therefore, the without to the release to the (AF-T used). HCD with the the reduced coverage the HCD of the and the of this function and HCD appears the right of the when HCD fitted. however, the function turned off Preferences wish. The function with tions of and displayed which confirmation. The function with other To of CF to allow to of the from the V-
H4D There both and that actively whereas as temporary of focusing rotating the focusing the The as with This that the release as To back to the AF and choosing AF or AF C AF With manually that the rotating the the and without to as the release the half-press the releasing the the release and the function immediately reactivated. The the front wheel the the following active Press the AF the Turn the front wheel to: Press to the friction the to purposely the of ISO WB Please that when focusing manually, the infinity and the appear to the This and the focusing of the the following section of to the of while or below) and activated the release to the half-press Its from EV1 ISO100. The of to the and within the the focusing light too or the of the too the top of the activated The from the Alternatively, attached that facility instead. This (Custom options #16/AF light AF the release the the This that that finely focused. this normally of lighting with clear focusing
H4D though that this the and focused that while the release this temporarily within the focusing the and then without releasing the release knowing that the the chosen though the focusing Releasing the the release and the to the of the within the focusing of with and combined Continuous At Continuous AF C the released the focused to the to the to within the focusing or though the release pressed. One to this when photographing tion such as to the release this the constantly to the focusing and momentarily releasing the the release and then immediately the amount of the to The AF to angle/focus combined with other To to correctly, should to of and when to Basically, there four to to below: of to subject, of and of and/or The to the with to these the noticeable the of The to the the the becomes. the becomes and its thereby becomes Short (wide-angle) to and therefore, following the increase the of field and therefore would the therefore allows the of of field without the fear of The mechanics of other things, to to the amount of It therefore follows that the or the the the anymore. to the correction, both the photographer and the should as as Please that with the
H4D ISO WB with the further from to the as the the Please that although noticeably shoot effectively the AF of and further about the of this chapter. the the following active Press the AF the Turn the front wheel to: or as required. Press ISO/WB to the without to the focusing the the the focusing as would with to the the the release button. You instantly to the focusing releasing the the release first and then the release The facility of You of while instantly without the
H4D and The that from using shoot with and where the of the clothing while the Ideally, and flow should (this of the should and the photographer crouching or or backwards too With the its the and the locked. The then to include of the clothing the the to the of This where of the to the and the lock/ of distracting to and to that with the of and of the (APL) as the without The firmware then further the the found HC/HCD when If instead of and the back to the and the of to approximately which the to The the and locked. The the back the focusing of to the of from the creating
H4D with other to Activated release retained MENU Temporarily activated selected retained MENU Activated deactivated AF On Activated selected retained MENU this the function effectively the tion. That half-pressing the release though, that the function retained off Custom Custom AF-S) with the front Select 'ON' with the front and half-press the release the to appear the and the the half-press and the Press to The from the function retained. this the function activated assigned This 'one-shot' where the to its to switch back and forth and Autofocus. Works with or without Custom Custom the to reassign with the front (M.UP this Select with the and the selected (the AF-T the to appear the and the the and release temporarily AF-T The from the to AF-S. that to AF-S the focusing the this the function activated the Normal de-activated, therefore, the release the when with the Press AF Select with the front and the to appear the and the the and release that the to following (when this the function activated assigned This 'one-shot' where the to its Pressing the release the when with the Custom the to reassign with the front wheel (M.UP this Select with the and the selected that the appears the the and release button. The from the to AF-S. that the to following (when
H4D Light Three light The light of the of selective three reflective and measured of EV. Information and consistently and changeable lighting Light through the (TTL) and manually or the and/or The information both the and the of from through to sophisticated of the priority, ity, and
H4D ISO/WB Light and factors to when choice, and which the light and of the account Weighted, and the and factors about the light translated and the choice about the and their the or the Included this choice the type of too priority, and to and than others, while to and of of the to this the of this Since the light TTL, factors, tors, account of and reasons and therefore should to preference. ISO/WB displayed the to within and EV This that half-stops shown that from displays. the and displayed as and the and displayed as Therefore second. The appearance of s the whole seconds 32s the of seconds, AF ISO White The ISO/WB to ISO and White The front and to the The and from the to the Please that the displayed the when the White Press the ISO/WB the To ISO the front to the To White the wheel to choose Daylight, Flash, and To White White the AF and then the wheel to choose Press SAVE ISO/WB to the White They when 3F/3FR and therefore the information correction and/or other software, of the the of
H4D EXP There three three reflective the light reflected off selected of the to and through the (TTL). These the following (with their Weighted: Commonly light where there of light or the tonal account of the the the section of the focusing to of the This and typical choice where the the of the The to of the (the the of the of this the reading. This of tones. Typically the and light where required. tonal The instead of the Custom Selecting Proceed as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the wheel to the three choices: Weighted, and Press ISO WB to the manually or of four These the following the (priority) (priority) each both the and the information the and the ISO WB the front and the the wheel otherwise Custom the the and the partially or completely to Within this there four choices. (Please the and charts that the and
H4D EXP of the and To the as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the front reach Press ISO WB to the this the and manually chosen turning the front and The obtained when the the the the ISO WB from this by: the appearing than the and the the amount of the the as would EV Conversely, would 2EV that the appearance of the and displays that to the section The and indicated to the right of the the full-stops, half-stops and third-stops displayed, to and appear as half-stop chosen). A, S, P, choice of of and and automatically: priority: The manually chosen turning the front and the matically chosen the priority: The manually chosen turning the front and the matically chosen the this chosen the to the EV measured as choice), though only within to and
H4D EXP and both while the light flashing. to the and Custom This to with the of account. with To of the as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the front wheel reach the Press ISO WB to the ISO WB the front wheel selects while the EV and the the amount of The appears as the and (chosen using the front from the selected the or arrow appearing the and the These the combinations. AE- This functions that incorporated It function the AE-L section EV and as the the light facility to the EV that locked) appears the and the the and to the Press the AE-L to function). the the and become interlocked. this that the EV, chosen. the and the and them together, of, or the front this could, tion the the that to to and with the AE-L You then the with the or while the and choose of and The AE-L
H4D New EV than the when the AE-L pressed. AE-L to the reads The AE-L allows the function to the AE-L pressed, the as the then another of the the then to the and the off the the ation the foreground, the reading with the AE-L (thereby locking that to as the to the to they to the foreground the EV off the If chosen together with Custom options as as of the or the that should and the AE-L The of the as the instead of EV as the the subject. (Included and 6)to the of the Alternatively choose to as another and then the of the to other the this following the and then turning the wheel the the You the that that might measured to the wheel as You then to whether white within the their Alternatively, the reading to and where there freely light might beach where know that normally classified as You the the AE-L while choosing the and turning the front wheel appears. then
H4D Custom and to and the the wheel/Quick facility. ISO WB The facility, both and from to EV, or EV (Custom Option and the the and as the The to the wheel. To temporary the facility: chosen Turn the wheel to the chosen amount of The amount the as both EV with or and as to EV and clearing of the Custom or EV Custom choose to the and Custom the facility. To as follows with the active Press the the Turn the front or to increase or the amount of EV The amount displayed the as both EV with or (A tion), and as to (B Press Clr AF to back to Press ISO WB button) to the then the and as of the AF Clr
H4D Profiles Profiles allow of security.
H4D ON OFF PROFILES/ESC Profiles The allows to of that increase the and security of One might tion where there might informal flash-assisted wide-angle shots, both the each they collectively as the then assured that the the of might choose Once would the PROFILES and SAVE the instance and New the to flash, and the repeated. or the the instantly and correctly to match the There and four and The the following: priority), user weighted user AF flash: -1.7EV), ISO WB The highlighted the easy and access. Access to the the right of the the rear wheel to them to the and holding the MENU and ISO/WB together and while them depressed, the battery. There that the restoration. when created. This includes the ISO, white and that the the created. These the the the pressed. other to ISO, white or when using white the and through the priority, the and them as the the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. ISO WB
H4D ON OFF PROFILES/ESC ON OFF PROFILES/ESC ISO WB AF AF ON OFF PROFILES/ESC the to through the of Choose or You the the or Press (ISO/WB The Profile then where the to what section Info To from the the PROFILES to reach the the to the and then the AF the then implemented. If to the nevertheless the Profile the the of retained that That to the the as the It might to the to From the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. the to through the and highlight the Press AF The to the to the You Proceed as follows: From the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. through the (front or wheels) and high- light the Press AF Click PROFILES ON.OFF Press (ISO/WB The Profile then where the to what section Info To back to the factory battery. seconds. the while both the and IS0/WB buttons pressed. ISO/WB MENU
H4D introduction Photo:
H4D Introduction The temporarily internally CF or externally, tethered to the the further the H4D purely to supply untethered therefore to to and should when shoot. attaching and the to the The covered and protected IR when If to the section from the the protective cover. If scratch or the every the with least as as would The of cleaning or such action as certainly irreparably. the with when and with philosophy, the of the H4D. this with to its section when mounted H4D information the three displays the the and the HV the the and when tethered, the information the the However, there which only both the and from the or that through the the the or the the Please therefore, that and shared. With untethered the of the such as and rating therefore the tethered and the and Phocus. the sections this and the It to that each shoot. It easy to might the would normally generally, ISO and White would the top and Items such as appear the and the as easily You might to using the function to of There other such as the and IAA rating that might and therefore include them as of of these covered the sections of this
H4D C H4D-31 H4D-60 buttons The and the to of the buttons, located the bottom-right and of the on-screen that to the the the rating when becomes OK to in/-out (Selection) the You to of You to once and finally to and batches and acts as selection the MENU (EXIT) and the other (EXIT as commands within the indicated the the Navigation C four-way to through and the To the of the that to what to right or to temporary and shortcuts. The inch, TFT, type. and through the the histogram overlay, off and full-screen.
H4D (OK) This through the three thereby assigning to the currently (or selected) the of the Architecture acts as confir- mation (OK of operations, such as indicated the the Busy-light Flashes to that the (such as Although while the light flashing, focusing, and explanatory displayed). catch Used when the CCD and IR The permanently mounted IR to or scratch the of the when exposed. the protective cover whenever the mounted with Flash-card the (which included with and batch through FireWire/Phocus These retained about rechargeable that matically recharged the or with If charge the the turned ON around hours. the with the protective cover when the mounted to the from the front of the the CCD If to the IR and CCD, only the factory. the from and heat. cleaning the least as as would with section this cleaning instructions Flash-card Flash-card cover input (protected cover) when the with (protected cover) when the with Connectors (protected cover) when the mounted (H4D-31 only) (H4D-60 only)
H4D Introductory of access, and choice. The to and branches within the tree the reach the where choice to The OK or SELECTION ZOOM IN ZOOM OUT buttons then to choice. Both the front and to the The rear and the and the front wheel the of the arrows. The front wheel functions the as as the and choice. the MENU the appears. The highlights where the Press the and the to and the You to the the the or the EXIT/MENU The to further the indicated the arrow the Press the right arrow the to the of the reach the of choice (this might PLUS and MINUS appear to the right the round the You then the ZOOM IN ZOOM OUT buttons to of choices. the the the ISO shown. the appear and then back to Pressing the EXIT/ MENU then the the the the of batch of the ZOOM IN ZOOM OUT buttons as as the You then choice with the OK or to the the EXIT that the MENU as EXIT the and the as the OK sections information. The rear wheel and the and the front the tion of the arrows. The front functions the as as the ZOOM IN and ZOOM OUT choice. (The wheel Custom The FLASH the acts as EXIT the ISO /WB and acts as OK
H4D of where the with to each other. to them of the using the You the Navigation the or the
H4D MENU STORAGE SETTINGS the buttons the and the the through the the of the options ISO the light of the BROWSE the IAA and browsing.. DELETE or of BATCH Used to (batches) and them. USER INTERFACE sound, and other DEFAULT back to the factory DELETE or tion of CAMERA options when attached to CUSTOM OPTIONS options and of items WHITE BALANCE the of light used. FORMAT Used to CF DEFAULT APP LEVEL Assigns IAA to ABOUT and GPS options the GIL GPS accessory when attached.
H4D This section with as as of tethered and untethered shooting and
H4D If item the and "GPS" that the item currently The choice. This choice retained You choose ENGLISH GERMAN FRENCH ITALIAN SPANISH JAPANESE CHINESE each shoot ISO and white should (white the appearance of the the though; the chapter Although the below the choice introductory of the Proceed as follows: Press the MENU/EXIT to the Press the NAVIGATOR and to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the USER INTERFACE Press ZOOM or to choose guage this Spanish). Press the MENU/EXIT If the to the to back to following the actions and appearance the to the
H4D The H4D Untethered Compact this the H4D acts of other the compact-flash The with this the freedom of and The with this the field the and the of the holding capacity. Please that the recommended of CF or Professional Other offer reduced Tethered This to the H4D directly to and to using software and The with this the capacity, and to the (with The with this the of to The the location to which and from which the The selected cally: tethered, directly to the untethered, compact-flash selected.
H4D memory compact-flash the H4D completely contained. wires or to attached. The H4D shipped with 4GB (or compact-flash which of holding approximately to to the the of each thereby affecting the of the the CF cover the the cover, the (A) and release (B) below the the compact-flash that the the the with the facing the as the as the Gently the the If might holding the or If the easily nearly the the then correctly. Press the another of the cover the CF cover the Press the release to release the active Press the release the back the force this, the the and from the the
H4D It to and to the capacity and they or with other You the command to This than using the function, as from batches Formatting The to and write to that formatted. New or or might to that currently that the read. There to The to the Format the If the the Format Press the Format the It purposely recessed to or warning displayed as confirmation. Format Select MAIN MENU STORAGE Format Press the to the Format Card You to the operation. To confirm, the OK This the and the To the EXIT The of formatting type of this, the
H4D Tethered to tethered to using software. as 3F (as to 3FR from CF and immediately to other Connecting to To to from the to the the of the The protected cover. Please however, that the attached to function properly. Shooting with connected to the following apply: The and location from including ISO, and from choose to from Phocus. such as The the The from the supply notably This the of the H4D. connected as the to initiating from the to the which the (and strobe/flash, The then the back the to the where displayed the and as 3F the currently selected the 3FR It the exactly as the technical that to and the correctly, other things. This 3FR 3F each the that furthermore history of the that to each and such as photographer, copyright, If to and then 3F from (and OS directly to DNG, TIFF or PSD and Photoshop, Finally, and onwards) directly 3FR without the Please however, that 3FR include DAC, HNCS and those therefore To and 3F the opportunity to 3F to the DNG include DAC, HNCS 3FR directly to include DAC, HNCS Please to the further instructions about using
H4D This section covers ISO, white and selection of Photo:
H4D There White to choose from. White Daylight sunlight. weather. locations of sunlight. when flash/strobe when lighting lights). when shooting ISO/WB ISO/WB ISO, White and should each They therefore the top of the and easy access. They shown on-screen easily them as ISO The ISO the ISO WB the or the The of the CCD ISO with this the light allow. To the ISO the The ISO/WB to ISO The front to the The and from the to the Please that the displayed the when the Press the ISO/WB the To ISO the front to the Press SAVE ISO/WB to the To the ISO the Choose MENU ISO This the top item of the top selected when the the or buttons to through the ISO the shown. Press the to the and the White Grey There to white/grey untethered location might to the that the ISO and Tethered the might to the first of and the that might to assign the as white lighting white the or the recorded and displayed the other.
H4D To the white the AF ISO/WB ISO/WB The ISO/WB to white The wheel to the The and from the to the Please that the the when the Press the ISO/WB the To White the rear wheel to choose Daylight, Flash, and To White White the AF and then the wheel to choose Press SAVE ISO/WB to the White They when 3F/3FR and therefore the information correction and/or other of the the of To the white the To white Press the MENU the and to White the or to through the choices the shown. Press the MENU to the and the To white Choose MENU White the to the White the to with the or
H4D White appears to the chosen white You batches the and while This to batch as from thumbnails to preview. Batches about this Alternatively, the the that should as the or sheet of white and the otherwise warning appears the that then that the following the chosen as the white this off the what the of the light to Press the MENU to the and the To white (Please this function when CF only) Assign the (or AE-L, STOP DOWN or M.UP to function While the the the assigned appears the that then that the following the chosen as the white New retained when the turned off and re-activated, to when
H4D Holthusen Browsing This section of the of browsing, and
H4D The to inspect while on-location. It offers full-screen previews, high- of thumbnails and including histogram and first the the showing the the batch. each the shows of the You the to inspect To this: to the to with the Press the to The to both and that includes outlining the of the currently shown. You the following as the to the to inspect of the further the back the button. finished, and the to to the Browsing To the the batch, the and right arrows of the and You the in/out to of You furthermore the to and batches and
H4D You the branching off the selected item each the to batch, thumbnail Conversely, back of the each the using the tor button, from the batch. To other batch, to the and then selecting the batch. about to the batch. Normal Batch of each preview, to four or the once. them to of and to shots. To the thumbnails, with the and the once to four thumbnails or to thumbnails, the selected shows selected, the or using MAIN MENU STORAGE MAIN MENU STORAGE and to the when than shown. Browsing IAA You the to only of or from the batch. You this, to of to them or to of to whether they should to or the the they there. IAA Architecture about to and the amounts of information displayed when previews. This from histograms to of There
H4D The to to or technical information. It seconds.
H4D and Battery Choosing the the to through the which preview: surrounded of that the information covers of the to to whole Shows with histogram. and with both histogram and Battery off the the and the only, with or information. of the the or to the thumb- the to showing the which shows informa- tion about the and around the to the however, then to last-selected The operates which preview, to To the Items You through the the
H4D The histogram that should there which histogram match that perfectly the (and ISO White capacity (Shots the histogram The histogram that the of each bright- with from the to white the right. It well-exposed of while and overexposed to the or right of the respectively. the histogram and the below: histogram that the with the histogram that the There the indicating highlights and this often histogram that the right with the highlights. Current and The the shown when first the and the It shows of and basic information about the Furthermore, the to the and with the
H4D of the histogram and, the background, of the The with the to them the to and archive. Battery-Saver this the the thereby You the while shooting this (which activates the the the and buttons Full-Screen full-screen without distracting surrounding them. the shown full-screen the This from assigning the without Though the histogram shows when of the overexposed, which ones. with bright areas, to whether the of the bright or completely overexposed. To them, the overexposure which shows precisely which brightness without the overexposure flashes the overexposed from white to To or the overexposure choose MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE Overexp You turning the and/or of the Interface Other to include time-out and/ or time-out (each of these
H4D IAA Architecture IAA should as of It efficiently and to workstation.
H4D The Appr section Architecture The Architecture to as as them. It supplying feedback, which instantly whether each correctly or to rated as or underexposed. to each as of its This manually when or each (A, or C) to This allows to to or the The and the to the when appears the of to and the and selection that Though the the (based the light that should assign the as follows: GREEN shots. YELLOW that inspection. RED that to to the This the this the therefore the with 'A'. The as follows: GREEN with 'A' YELLOW with 'B' with 'C' RED The of with the Architecture as follows: The the to to or underexposed. If suspects it the following: feedback this option chosen) warning sound, which immediately to the The warning sound of the the as overexposed or conversely of the the as underexposed. the to to IAA and effective achieved The the selected as follows: and yellow only coloured the The the
H4D the to shots. You shooting If then to though they to tions. You should these only as This turned off Interface Sound the IAA of Press the to the of the currently selected You the to as which that (though they there). Browsing about to with the If detected, then the with the chosen through shots, the of each and whether should or each based its appearance the You apply to when to or to to of each that with the the as might and the and then to the and then, finally, the as that the that the to or of the warning. when assigning the becomes the and/or as the four-thumbnail or nine-thumbnail easily the of each of them. To the of the currently displayed/selected the the shown. when assigning the becomes If to as as and as as automatically!
H4D the assigns each based of the of the factory the of each assigned as follows: The to correctly. (unclassified): The to or under-exposed. might choose instead to this and assigned as or of the typical to assign to and then of the and the to At the might the to To the assigned to each Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and Appr. Press to the Appr. the or to through the the to or yellow) shown. Press the EXIT to the and the the The normally assigning to that and yellow to that the this You the following as Workflow of the warning. of the warning. of this feedback to exposed. Choose MAIN MENU to this
H4D shortcut Press and click!) the the appears. Browsing then the with that and yellow and only) yellow yellow only) only only) Browsing You the to which that as batch (or both and yellow, or only red, The indicated as illustrated. there, they shown the Also, the of the the the to only and then to that shown the You the following choices: of the the batch, of their This the Red: from the batch. These that You might these to and/or to that to shots. from the batch. These that warning or that manually assigned to warning. and yellow-status These that to or There to of this the to Then through each and whether of them should to or red. If of the to and then through to the to only Then through to least of each that There to the Choose MAIN MENU The displayed the or to through the options selected the to Press the to the and the The appearance of the Empty that there with that
H4D A. B. C. D. There to including You choose to from the selected batch or red- and yellow-status from the selected batch or from the selected batch or as follows: Starting the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE to the or shortcut. the or to select: A. This the only B. batch the batch C. yellow/red batch and the batch D. batch the batch Press OK to the (to without EXIT) You to the Press the EXIT to the other of
H4D with batches This section covers of the the of batches, batches as as rating and of the IAA
H4D Introductory to batches and Creating batches The BATCH The around that the Batch The MEDIA information about the Normal Batch Batch Medium-type (Compact Flash) the batch created batch Current capacity
H4D the created batch only. You to another batch. with batches Collections of and batches. They to as and function exactly as the following batch, assign to from compact-flash each batch as the to the that affects batch. from the batch. You batches using the The batch shows the which created the Year/Month/Day Creating batch Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and Batch Press to the Batch The batch with three-digit which with each batch. Following this which assign to the batch to To the and to of the Then the or to the currently selected or the found the the Press the OK to the batch with the selected. You to the BATCH Press the EXIT to the
H4D batches The with batch This the location which the shots. To batches the Press the repeatedly the the top If with the then through the following to there: Four-thumbnail Nine-thumbnail of batches appears. batch appears as with and the which created. and to highlight the batch to Press the to the currently highlighted batch. The currently selected batch displays Press the to the currently highlighted batch. The nine-thumbnail of the selected batch appears. Each the created batch only. You select batch
H4D Photo:
H4D or from the batch. from batch. from batches from
H4D Select and then and the shortcut The allow to and batches. You the or assigned to The first item the The of of the to the them immediately and thereby The H4D to of the following selected from batch: red- or yellow-status from red- or yellow-status the to to the nine-thumbnail this to search. the to the to thumbnails, the selected coloured around the selected the currently shown. (You from or from Select MAIN MENU STORAGE Press to the You shown of the selected and to the Press OK You to the Notice that the and the batch the three Press the to the or: the to search and then the to reach preview. the to the
H4D A. B. C. D. from batch To from selected batch: Starting the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE to the or shortcut. the or to select: A. This the B. batch the batch C. yellow and the batch D. batch the batch Press OK to the (to without EXIT) You to the Press the EXIT to the from To once: Starting the the repeatedly reach the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE
H4D You to each operation. the shortcut ately to Press to the You the that to the CF that of the that the operation. and to Yellow or Then to the the selected You to the To the to the to and then the OK to the To the to or the to the to and then the OK to You to the Either to another the or Press the EXIT to the to To the compact-flash to the to and then Alternatively, and to the One of to assign as Red. this the option while) of while allowing the to the as the
H4D This section covers such as sound, brightness,
H4D the USER INTERFACE Interface the Interface the the interacts to and of It includes and interface items The user interface includes both items and as follows: The displayed of This item to the To the charge the battery, the to specified of inactivity. to and to establish time-out (or to the however, that this the Half-press the release (or the ON OFF the to the (which seconds) the active or (indicated the Please that of inactivity, the whole off to (indicated the which to restarted the ON the as Overexp. This to of that overexposed. this the highlight each overexposed flashing white and this item to On to the to to
H4D Sound The H4D feedback to know each correctly. This Workflow. This item (choose High, and Click (choose On and and Warning (choose On and The H4D internal clock that of the and This information to each with the and which It to batch- with the which each batch created. of about the to and This the of of the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of of You using This the Brightness of the This the shown the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of brightness; of brightness. You the options the user interface of the items and immediately the or while Sound and another to choice. Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS Press to the USER INTERFACE and to the Press the or to the the of and or to Sound and Press the EXIT to the and the
H4D The to H4D when the attached to format/view then other manually section further information About releases to the firmware of the These only the often features. The About which firmware the (which from the The displayed to know The About shows the ID (which match the information the to the performance). Each to match the which the matching respectively. If to with please to Service information. To the About information: Select MAIN MENU SETTINGS ABOUT Press to the About which shows the and reading the information, the EXIT to to the SETTINGS Either to another the or the EXIT to the The DEFAULT back to the factory To Select MAIN MENU SETTINGS DEFAULT Press the OK and then the EXIT to
H4D Custom Selecting option Proceed as follows: Press MENU and to SETTINGS Press the and to Custom Press the to the option. Choices selected the or buttons. The the of when they appear to when the straight or the and This whether the front and active or when the This allows to the when half- the release Three options ON half-press OFF half-press half-press
H4D Photo: with This section covers the when attached to or
H4D input with input with the CAMERA The CAMERA item the when the attached to the H4D ES with the H4D with (with the and The the the of The and this the that from through this should with the of to seconds If the input the PC and the which allows to the of while to than second. This allows the of the the H4D with should the accordingly. Dont to the The options H4D: H4D with and with where achieved and accordingly light this the H4D the (as as other the The back the START (MENU/EXIT) or from with with with
H4D CAMERA and options These only when the attached to H4D Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the or to and to EXPOSURE TIME or CAPTURE SEQ. Press the or to required. Press the EXIT to the and the PINHOLE and FLASH SYNC The and This should cable-free than second, that matches the speed/exposure the The from to seconds the This the as Initial the amount of to the first the amount of each Count: the of required.
H4D EXPOSURE TIME and CAPTURE SEQUENCE Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the or to PINHOLE Press or to EXPOSURE TIME. Press or to Press to CAPTURE SEQUENCE. Press to the CAPTURE SEQUENCE
H4D Press the or to INITIAL DELAY This the amount of that the first the Press to DELAY. Press or to DELAY This the amount of each the Press to COUNT. Press or to COUNT This the of the Press OK to the The ready that the MENU/EXIT START instead: Press START to the that the EXIT displays STOP. The this and the
H4D Custom and displays This section the that to the The options to the back- ground, security and to the and the to that the whole becomes reflection of the to
H4D of options options Custom Bracketing options options MENU Text
H4D charts Throughout this charts to the and to the These charts to graphically to through the While they include the information that would the to that section, they the of the as that and too confusing. If with then the of the and You should that, through the and than the written the which their graphical where its branches. section, or off the branches, the Therefore the graphical of where the and the of the front wheel Press or wheel MENU the MENU Choose ENTER ISO/WB ISO/WB Choose ON AF AF On The H4D features the of of This that choice of and thereby appearance of of the the as of the this To simplify the reference often to or from there the and there- which of The therefore the currently created and the the when photo- graphing where operation, such as ISO/WB Choose the ISO WB The and chosen action retained Functions that the that branch of the of the without flow. That turn the wheel clockwise or anti-clockwise to arrive the tion. of through The the that to through the branches of the tree as they appear the to reach the
H4D There of that while every immediately through the They the that the H4D and sophisticated to of professional There Bracketing, and to that options when the accessed. the choice of or turning the rear wheel when the function chosen turning the front wheel The allows the activation of the and of the Normally the the creating the actions to this there the and light Therefore the function to where the the instead. Normally the instantly choose where the The to vibration-free release. It instead of release when The or to the light to the choose the accordingly with changeable lighting options options options DELAY MIRROR UP or MIRROR UP DELAY MIRROR GOES DOWN or MIRROR REMAINS UP
H4D highlighted with highlighted. seconds chosen. first, then chosen as option. highlighted. chosen as option. the text-row the ON or OFF MENU ISO/WB ISO/WB AF On The function the following Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press ENTER ISO/WB the Turn the front to the options, that (A displayed beneath the selected highlighted the wheel to choose from Turn the front wheel to choose highlighted the wheel to choose. amount of amount of Turn the front wheel Turn the rear to choose. to its and the ready the the UP pressed. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Press SAVE ISO/WB to the Press ENTER ISO/WB from the to the function. Click On AF Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release activation. AF On ISO/WB You the clicking the ON OFF ESC) Press the within to the directly.
H4D the ESC (ON.OFF) the text-row the ON or OFF the of this section the and Continuous both the bracketing function Bracketing The facility of the or and the others with EV from the This useful containing tonal Firstly concerning the of required, the which they should and the EV there should and the accordingly. The first or the EV that the the the operation and the release the finished. Continuous the the to without or release the the and to to the of the without within the Bracketing options options options or or EV or EV or EV or EV or EV
H4D of highlighted. highlighted. chosen as option. chosen as option. C highlighted. EV chosen as option. EXAMPLE EXAMPLE Screen Bracketing activated indicating with to the MENU ISO/WB ISO/WB ON OFF PROFILES/ESC to and three the Bracketing The Bracketing function the following Press the MENU Turn the front Bracketing appears Press ISO/WB the Turn the front wheel to the options, that of (the of the (the of the or (the amount of EV from the (A beneath the selected the wheel to choose the of required: or the rear wheel to choose of four C the wheel to choose the amount of EV required: EV. Press SAVE ISO/WB to the Press ENTER ISO/WB button) from the Bracketing to the function. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Bracketing ISO/WB Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release activation. To from this MENU then (ISO/WB the Bracketing then (AF with EV would (O EV +1EV, -1EV, +2EV, -2EV. The the choose instead (Custom Bracket
H4D of highlighted. chosen as option. EXAMPLE indicating MENU ISO/WB highlighted. seconds chosen as option. AF ISO/WB On ISO/WB the text-row the ON or OFF using the allow the to of This often and motion security The and or to the the of Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the ISO/WB the Turn the front wheel to the options, that of (the of required) (the the (The chosen indicated of the to choose the of required: the to choose: hour Press SAVE ISO/WB to the Press ENTER ISO/WB from the to the function. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release activation. Custom of seconds or the options options the ESC hour
H4D MENU shortcut to AE-L, M.UP, Stop Down) Custom the MENU and then the with active the release to the Custom ISO/WB ISO/WB From the four Custom options info, and turning the front From each of these further items the chart to of where the options the Custom options Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the ISO/WB the Turn the front to Custom options Press the ISO/WB to the choices Turn the front to the Option. Turn the wheel to the Press ISO/WB the following the options the the of the as the there reaction from the choice and If to the to the options, the ON.OFF to Profiles and then shortcut to Custom the MENU with active The matically appear. the release to the options CUSTOM OPTIONS
H4D Custom options The following of Custom They Custom The and the that option. timeout the amount of the active cally to (indicated the the H4D EV the amount of EV of the front or to or the amount of EV of the when function reassigned to: AF AE-lock Bracketing Measure LM IAA Grey AE-Lock function AE-lock reassigned to: Bracketing Stop Measure LM IAA Grey ance AF Stop function Stop reassigned to: LM IAA Grey AF Bracketing M.UP function reassigned Stop LM IAA Grey AF AE-lock Bracketing Clockwise Counter clockwise the the of the wheels the front wheel to the the from to to and the wheel however, the action of turning the wheel to the would then the that the from to to and ready Allows to the with or other TTL connected to the hot-shoe. Not connected the PC the ready. allows release ready.
H4D Allows to release the and without attached. the and the attached. attempted. allows the and to released without the attached. Allows to release the without attached. the release of there attached. attempted. allows release of without attached. of Allows to release the when ther the or the (indicated the displays the the allows the to released or 32s) the On whether the to On allows the the If using flash/strobe as the light and to off the option. Normal the when to Normal the the as when to or Weighted. the the as the 205FCC. That the of the and the AE-L pressed. The then that the or and indicated the as Alternatively, the reassigned to another turning the rear Then, when the the within the indicated their MF the arrowhead LED appear the them when the release them of the when active. them completely. AF light Allows of light to the light or the AF tion to active. activates the AF attached howev- the used. the AF to inactive.
H4D Rear wheel Allows rear wheel to EV (or EV the turning the the and appears both displays as the and The amount of appears the to the of the the the function off completely. the amount of locking when the pressed. wheels and buttons. They function. On the On the the histogram whether histogram of appears the the the Allows the or to active or immediately to clears the and to the AE Allows the AE-Lock or to active or immediately to clears the and to the or EV Allows the of EV the the the ISO the of ISO the the the Bracket Selects the or the as the which when selects selects
H4D Rear Selects which wheel the when wheel selects the front wheel to the Rear selects the rear wheel to the warning On the of the flash warning and ON the function. OFF the function. Allows the first of function operation. Normal Light Allows choice of only). Normal selects Light selects light type the the and the of the thereby reducing the of AF-S Re-assigns of release to function of Automatically lowers the of every AE On Allows to AE-lock without to assigned to other B/T On to and allowing smoother from to when
H4D function The TRUE FOCUS, AE-L, STOP DOWN and M.UP buttons reassigned to as to The function. Activates function. AF Activates the AF focusing the the AF the focusing automatically. This and of the AF when the to this of the and certainty of the while the focusing AE-lock Activates AE function. Initiates function. Bracketing Initiates function. the or function function as the M-UP Stop the the to the to MENU Initiates function. Initiates function. LM the Weighted/ Acts as release the to the shown histogram the LCD. IAA Allows IAA rating of foc with LCD. the function the back. (to Grey Initiates using the to the ISO WB Press the Press the to reassign AE-L, M.UP or Stop Down). This directly the chose the Custom options the the rear wheel to the function the to Press the
H4D Info MENU ISO/WB ISO/WB ISO/WB info of to included the The to Profile Text Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press ISO/WB the Turn the front wheel to info Press ISO/WB to the of characters and turning the front the character to the and right the characters while the rear and The chart of characters to the whole The character top the On the of the there arrow and selecting the arrows the the of text created. The the selected character. To of the character and then AF That character then to the of text below the character chart. Press ISO/WB to the Info
H4D text of to existing text this the Text to copyright photographers section info' the info On the text the of the the text matically to the right of the character that to Turn the front and rear to the the highlighted. Press AF button) and the character Repeated of progressively the characters the the front and the character highlighted the tor this the copyright and that appeared as the Choose the character the this and The J highlighted and this the the and characters appear. with characters, those to the temporarily from the that what Dont there of approximately characters. If each character reach where to and then to the This shows completed character text with and and and the Interface
H4D MENU ISO/WB ISO/WB ISO/WB and servicing information as follows: Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the ISO/WB the Turn the front wheel to Press the ISO/WB The shows of Info- and to the right of each that the of actions that Please that completely actions as these testing Press the Next ISO/WB to to the software each Press the Next ISO/WB to Info-Calib information.
H4D MENU ISO WB ISO WB There and Continuous and when the release and the ready the To the however, first release the release and then the and ready the as as the release. Please the the to the to active Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel to Press ISO/WB Turn the front to or Press to the
H4D Photo: and displays to SCA Rear The professional of where flash required. It includes flash enough Combined with and the offered and other top the field and the the of and security.
H4D with should to tions and might increase when connected to lighting and should when IR and wire- release used. Victor AB and A/S responsibility whatsoever that might or caused when with third-party of specially with the H4D should connected to the the The H4D together with to of TTL function, the with the SCA the PC or the below). The houses with of and OTF/ TTL This of enough functions as as shorter from when connected to the the with the SCA3002 SCA3902 This free information synchronisation to or (the or of Please the information flash the or together with flash, the of the which might the of If, the other hand, or instead, then of or chosen the to using or when that the which might too Read the specifications further information You the with of (TTL flashes to Rear useful or to when combining light and flash. using with SCA3002), and the the This to whether the to TTL or whether to its (A). of the or SCA3002 flash the and the The function flash that SCA or SCA To the and to of effects, the function. the function. To the function. to with another the The and or If using flash/strobe as the light and to off the facility (Custom Option
H4D FLASH the together when another TTL connected (and TTL or AF Clr of showing to Rear as as 1EV' FLASH To the the and the FLASH once. Turn the front wheel to the amount of tion required: from +3EV through -3EV Clr AF to clear the Turn the wheel to the rear the (with or TTL The shows the Normal or Rear the to to the AE-L to reading. below flash The features the following specifications: light 1EV flash) To the its the flash- catch backwards the of the To the its closed the top of the clicks back The activated when the and when to its The LED the when the charging and stationary when The light the flash: the flash-unit catch backwards the of the Press the FLASH Choose Normal or Rear turning the wheel and the amount of required) turning the front Press ISO/WB ISO/WB coverage with the flash, or (without
H4D warning and LED to of LCD FLASH The Flash warning turned off Custom Option ISO/WB AEL If the incorrect to match the of the the shows flashing flash warning The warning should then to the (That to the or higher ISO and electrically connected of the accessory the top of the or to the PC the of the switches/ connected the cover the when of You the of (with PC connected and SCA3902 to where the acts as would. The and the information the satisfactory. To Press the FLASH the to the option Turn the wheel appears. Press ISO/WB to the turning the front Press the AE-L The the the and fire the flash. Light reflected from the reflected off white the to the Deviations from as EV the and the If high or appears, the accordingly and reading. the EV: appears, or the amount of from the EV than EV EV High than EV
H4D This section of the H4D- 50MS
H4D This both and to the increase that the The and completely the that appear such the of the both and to the increase that the to the fact that guess-work to the the completely the that appear the of the both and to the increase that the to the fact that guess-work to the the completely the that appear www.hasselblad.com The H4D with the H4D-50MS where four that of the with the offset the shots. The shows and and artefacts type photography. To tethered to and the software From the choose the type as 3F directly the of Please the instructions. The the high of the each with sharpness) that then high-resolution and than single-shot to to that there the or the of this, these only technical shots, shots, architectural and Download the H4D MS from the www.hasselblad.com
H4D Photo: Holthusen Optional HTS HVM V/H GIL coupling Focusing Release Optional the to the of or to to of
H4D HVM The HVM allows or where with the photo- graphy, function of retained. shooting and V/H bellows that highly protection stray light. Its the With fits HC and or and with mount HC to and GIL The GIL creation and of GPS information The to each and directly The or and the back- ground ease of coupling Mounted this accessory and of the The and repeatable integrated positioning of the easy. The fits and threads and catch. SCA flashes with the SCA to the H4D. and UV and reduces without affecting Also protects the front recommended when the three to UV- and and reflections and Increases Can three and security with photography. Complete with H. with
H4D HC www.hasselblad.com further about shades, or of Release release with of Focusing focusing of the type with or with- and and AF technical, architectural, and other with or without the HVM correction correction from To and HTS The HTS and the and the It technical exciting creative 1.7X The Converter the and the to increase the factor of This to of The Converter the and mechanical as the the The consists of HVD HV of when wearing Includes built-in and light (S100A12359A00) the HV and the HVD of to the DC with AC supplying from and and The the and the to reduce the focusing photo- graphy. They three and the H4D TTL light CF The CF allows from the to H- This cally expands the than
H4D HC HCD HC HC HC 4/120II HC HC HC HC HC C type with optional CF HC HC 3.5/50II
H4D Connectivity Optional HVM HV HVD GIL GPS SCA3902 TTL with input with H4D (included) input ES HV (included) with HTS with HCD28, HC35, HC50, HC80 and HC100 (including Optional CF HC/HCD including and with
H4D and explanatory charts Technical specifications Service This section insight the technical aspects as as reference information.
H4D Closed flash/strobe as the light and using the should off the facility (Custom Option to You tion of this from T3 T1 T1 T2 The effective as the of the and closing when measured the height when The fact that to and the the effective as the to its The the and the this It follows that the influence With the the amount of light the appears as illustrated the the The effective then becomes T1. If the closed the amount of light appears as the The effective increased to T2, which that T1. The that the reduced exactly (1EV), however, slightly At the the as as EV. The this the of the known and factor. At of or shorter the the to as the At the however, to the and the instead. Although please nevertheless that the with
H4D EV Light EV
H4D Technical specifications Auto-focus, SLR with interchangeable and Construction One shell. internal and and coupling plate mounting. HC/HCD with built-in electronically and or focusing with HC/HCD the exacting of photo- graphy. mounted V- with CF factor HC HCD (HV field of when wearing and built-in light Integrated with Hot-shoe SCA3002 SCA3902). with of information. from to 3.5D. Interchangeable. Focusing and focusing with focusing type phase AF EV to (ISO with to to TTL centre-weighted Can with the built-in or of flashes with the SCA3002 SCA3902. ISO to to +3EV) of light. The H4D built-in that light from flashes, such as flashes. options Weighted, and and ISO100: EV2 to Centre-weighted: EV1 to EV1 to Bracketing of or or EV of from to and from to hour. ISO ISO The displays that clear and easy-to-understand information to the One located the and the other the The high inch TFT type Focusing Bright Spherical type with type as option. and C type with optional CF Accessory with M5 threads and of the functions the to or through the built-in interface Both and advanced using buttons and with the and and from functions and through tethered Battery rechargeable type. Battery charger VDC DV charge termination to over-charging.100240 VAC input. VDC/ Complete with HC [W L] H4D 50MS). with HC and CF (50MS),
H4D SENSOR UNIT H4D-60 H4D-50MS H4D-50 3FR to MB TIFF: 180MB. seconds seconds seconds GB CF GB CF GB CF ISO ISO and ISO and ISO and Shooting CF type U-DMA IV), or tethered to or PC TFT inch, /Acoustic feedback IR Mounted CCD 3FR/3F. Software (supplied) and PC. Platform OSX XP and and and type from C F. 3FR to MB TIFF: 150MB. 3FR to MB TIFF: 150MB.
H4D SENSOR UNIT H4D-40 H4D-31 3FR MB 3FR MB TIFF: 120MB. TIFF: MB. seconds seconds capacity GB CF GB CF ISO ISO and ISO and Shooting CF type U-DMA IV), or tethered to or PC TFT inch, /Acoustic feedback IR Mounted CCD 3FR/3F. Software (supplied) and PC. Platform OSX XP and and and type from C F.
H4D priority) LM AF-S Normal of Bracketing Normal EV EV Custom options timeout EV EV) EV) function function AE-lock Stop function M.UP function wheel CW ready of On Normal MF AF light Rear On histogram AE-lock EV ISO Bracket warning On Normal AF-S AE B/T
H4D C to the from the front of the CCD the CCD If to the IR and CCD, only the factory. and of and the protective when the mounted the the with of the the from and heat. Protect the from Cleaning the CCD If or or then to the outer of the (IR) the of though the instructions to or the however, to the of the IR thorough cleaning, or cleaning, follow below. air-cleaning the connected. the While the catch backwards the A) the of the release to the right B) and while that the of the the C) to finally release the Clean the of IR with first). If this enough, then of the procedures outlined below. the to the immediately cleaning to If cleaned the of the then the of the IR or the CCD
H4D of the as to apply the first Cleaning the HAMA cleaning and HAMA Cleaning the the IR of inches), that the the as thin, enough. If apply too the to the the the first, and then apply to the as the to match the of the IR might or three necessary (to to the that the outwardsdo the other as than the the of the using or three to the the once. the with the as might reapply the first Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning with E-wipes individually Tear the notch to from its and without the to match the of the IR Apply firm or three the of the to firm with the motion. Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the to the and If further cleaning cleaning Attaching the the the the that they correctly positioned. the the and with click. If there the catch the released. that the release to the catch. Cleaning the If the becomes dirty, clean with cloth lightly with only. other and allow to the
H4D Service The H4D sophisticated that information and to and from each to the It therefore that reasonable attaching, and the to that the or when or the try to the or and holding the the or Warning normally easily and further as they temporary or otherwise. You should the to whether the of accessory with the appearance of to and the that they and correctly to whether the that, of the about seconds or the might and to Authorized Service You feedback the or the Please this as greatly, as as as the of the and account of what action trying to when Also, please that to the certainly to inspect of the items that when the first appeared. that the affected of electricity the around the tons the with or that connected to earth, directly or indirectly lighting This might temporarily the though Press the ON.OFF the to the If to repairs yourself. service operations sophisticated to and and there of creating than them such other EQUIPMENT CARE to withstand the of To the of however, should protected from and and of High to and ticularly Allow the to assembly. to the such as as and to and from to from and the and focusing with blower or necessary. Smears the should treated with they with high cleaning to scratch the or of the with If to clean allow Authorized Service to them. physical protective should of protective or sought and should to theft. and cover should professional users. SERVICE to service and to reliability. You easily service Info the If constantly and intensively, of the Authorized Service They the and specialised to that CAUTION and of the reach of heavy the the as specified. the specified with the the when cleaning the or to the If or rechargeable) to the protective when There fire the (such as when with to to and to the the and other from If the becomes from and allow to to the the the protective cover when the connected to the to the IR from the front of the CCD; this the CCD. If to the CCD and IR please of Households the Union This the or its that this of with other household Instead, responsibility to of to the recycling of and The and recycling of the of to and that that protects health and the information about where of please city office, household service or the where purchased the
H4D About Accessory AE-L feedback Battery Bracketing Browsing Browsing and C Carrying Compact Connectivity Custom Custom /batch Depth-of-field information C Formatting Architecture ISO white choice Light Light and batches Profiles (Custom and Technical Text interface White and
H4D The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as Victor AB A/S. The this with H4D. They and to the H4D. The text this or without the of Victor AB A/S. The this or without the of the photographers who them. this Victor AB A/S. this credited to the pher: and Victor AB A/S responsibility or or that appear this Victor AB A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of software or products. Ixpress, and of Victor AB A/S. and toshop of Inc. OS and of Apple Computer, Inc. InfoLithium of Corporation. Victor AB A/S Copyright rights
H4D A/S DK Victor AB SE UK