The the first CMOS and grounds photographers that to shoot with the of lighting The high-ISO performance light photography to and significantly the of the The backed of high outperforming the Carl IMPORTANT FEATURES CMOS with high ISO performance (ISO to required. with high weather with and of high with built-in the The where iPhone/iPad to the and location. The with to the The and with the and wealth of functionality, of the the through the and The to both flexibility and This includes: the freedom to choose and both the the choice of combining point-andshoot and to creative the to tethered and untethered to the of both location and the the option of or with directly Photoshop Lightroom. (iPhone/iPad) and tethered or location. DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
New CMOS The features CMOS the physical of the DSLR ISO rating from ISO to ISO The high of the completely professional photographers. It to high high ISO light photography easy. This high and together with the high of this all-round that type of photography. The built around high architecture that the of second, or tethered to The of these features the the choice the professional photographer to with the whether the with lighting or location. Format photography, the of become The allows the to of the currently photography. the and which the highest of without the outperforming the Carl The renowned includes with shutters. from to 1.7X Converter and The built-in allows to to 1/800s. photography easy. It The HTS easy to from to The CF allows of the from the with of their shutters, allowing to to 1/500s. thanks to the of the there shallower of field to selective to creative choice of bright One of the of the the and bright and easy operation The with the HVD performance the interchangeable the HVM, the of The bright and creative and the photographer to shoot the that them with the or shooting from than This allows from iPhone or when the connected to the previews, and the from iPhone or Correction and perfection The allows information from the and to to the of the account the of the and the specifications of the this the further of sharpness and information about the This information then to Correction (DAC), which correction of the based of the concerning each each that each the that Correction or Photoshop used. DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
to the H5D to using the than This includes the option to the to and operation of the and selection without off the The Profile allows to memory easy access. and from both the and the and these easily through software.. and The CMOS allows operations than CCD This to the Both and professional advanced software toolbox that cially to easily and perfection from With the Uncompromising Quality with which to H5D Features, such as and or the to the focusing or when the or when the mounted of flexibility to the shoot. directly the leaving and the to selections or other hours of tedious The integrated to easy to straight The shown both the and the LCD. You therefore to from the to Workflow. The GUI easy-to-use options that allow to to of such as choice of browsing/comparison of of options shoots, and The (GPS, included and and easy and includes GPS functionality to allow of GPS directly to Earth, geographic reference and and Perfect Quality. The that matches every of what Photoshop. the allows to and to or of options including or and You and selection. The function high L* The Reproduction L* as to Has- RGB. of monitors. the built-in from bracketing directly from to the and iPhone/iPad. Works tethered or info LCD To the LCD of the LCD where shooting information. DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
(HNCS) to and out-of-the-box with tones, and other tones easily and effectively. to incorporate HNCS and DAC- features 3F RAW (3FR). This includes which reduces the The 3FR directly Apple or of operation and The offers choice of CF or With these operating and to to the of the hand, whether the or location. including GPS Recording (GIL) accessory with With the GIL with GPS including with the HTS HCD24, HCD28, HC35, HC50, HC80 and the HC100. and This the to of archiving and One the of software to the Earth of h-system-accessories.aspx with options with and the The HTS allows with of the from to Effective to Please to the this To further increase the to allow the to and of Please to the DIGITAL CAMERAS H5D with HTS and HCD www.hasselblad.com
and of the that serious photographers focusing through- the field. Without typical correctly that the of the photographer to the they to the and then the cially, this as the of sharpness follows the to the of the The DSLR to the with AF These allow the photographer to off-center off-center which then focused correctly. AF tedious and to with. to the physics of the off-center that offered clustered relatively to the of the To of this the photographer forced to first, and then the to with the of as To this to velocity The the (APL) which the foundation of The shows the when While this relatively the rightmost where used, The APL re-composing, then these to the and the commands to the The APL the advanced algorithms and the corrections such that The firmware then further the the found The of when the DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
Technical DIGITAL FEATURES type CMOS, RAW 3FR MB TIFF MB 3FR Shooting ISO ISO and options CF type U-DMA IV) or tethered to or PC capacity GB CF second. inch TFT type, feedback and IR Mounted front of Acoustic feedback Software and Platform Macintosh: OSX PC: and type FireWire (IEEE Mechanical from C F Complete HC80 [W D] (Complete HC80 and CF CAMERA FEATURES type DSLR with to options HVD to +3.5D). Focusing with cross-type feedback. EV to ISO TTL built-in or flashes with SCA3002 from to +3EV. flashes built-in options: Weighted and EV2 to Weighted: EV1 to EV1 to supply Rechargeable VDC ISO100). flashes from HV to +2.5D). ISO100). flashes from HVM: *Victor AB the right to without to the DIGITAL CAMERAS or only www.hasselblad.com
Connectivity Optional HV GIL GPS SCA3902 TTL with input with HVM H5D (included) and input ES HVD (included) with DIGITAL CAMERAS HTS with HCD28, HC35, HC50, HC80 and HC100 (including Optional CF including and with www.hasselblad.com
to without EN HC HCD HCD HC HC HC C type with optional CF HC HC HC HC HC HCD DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com