English created using www.live-books.com copyright
Not the this with CF. They and to the CF. and C Introduction and Initial Shooting and Initial of the with and batches and batches Creating batches Architecture Reading and Browsing of and copying Choosing the batch Browsing and Battery MENUISO, White the ISO White Format Copy Batch Interface Connectivity About Multishot Flash/Strobe TTL Cleaning service, technical Technical specifications PLEASE NOTE The the back to user CD and cover/user Hills/www.figjamstudios.com
Welcome to The CF of offers and professional Together with the option of changeable interface, this the of the option of the of free exhibiting The CF matches the functionality of the H2 perfectly, to the of high performance, shutter-based and features such as APO Correction and Architecture. the CF flexibility to the professional rapher, and to of that leading photography offer. or The CF or that than the physical of This and which and free without the with CF back clarity and sharpness. The the rently professional photography, them the high and the photographer increased and creative when or The when as APO Correction reproduction. the CF to increase the of of the optional The and The CF with the The CFMS with the already built photographers higher and of which the CF Every and aspect of their performance the and that each H2 APO Correction with H2, CF of and then correction aberration with every This that cally to the that this APO Correction (DAC), the APO chromatic correction of the that of this includes of each that each the that that the as of the DAC functionality and the professional photographers, of the to choose to to tones, flowers, this with the of to with its software. Working with the to and out-of-the-box with easily and effectively.
3F RAW (3FR) to The 3FR to that quickly, effectively and the (CF The includes which reduces the Combined with the architecture of the backs, this allows to to The 3FR the the RBG with its out-of-the-box and both the with to and the selective DNG Format 3FR directly DNG NeGative), this to the professional photographer the first The DNG to directly Photoshop. This photographers to and efficiently, reducing the downtime to and to reach the of including tions, and copyright, with photographers, the productivity and creative freedom offered software when the DNG of with CF to of the professional SLR and the with 4-screw attached to to and with back. Architecture of its the photographer and the to to the Building the of its Feedback created Architecture (IAA), of feedback to the photographer to the rather than the selection process. IAA and each captured, the photographer immediately whether the red, or light The information recorded both the and the and easy to and the field or the CF integrated with from the of IAA and the invention. OLED the products high and bright sunlight, to allow professional photographers offers with the highest of the pher. tethered operation, and productivity to advanced The allows the photographer to and selection. the of the 3FR the CF backs. natively both and and to allow to free co-workers and Three of operation and portability and the professional photographer. CF to choose CF the or tethered operation with With these three operating and the photographer to to the of the hand, whether the or location. interface The CF operated easy-to-use interface, of one-button-click including and info. the CF of the photographer the freedom professional the there, to to
to the back CF CD, the sofware CD and CD, the items illustrated below included. If or then should immediately. input CF-Flash GB) Grey Card E-wipes processing. and correction high-performance with of memory, advanced graphics and operating the should include which to directly from the or To the compact-flash instead compact-flash recommended flexibility. CF back as 3FR which From and then the to DNG or TIFF or JPEG instead wish. CF back includes the and editing and of both and platforms. Please the and the back (and from wherever If becomes from and allow to to when the back cleaningthe CCD to connected to or from and of the where they tripped cover the CF back when the protective covers as as CF back, with products, and of withstanding rough nevertheless and treated with from the Please purchase and the warranty
CF back light the The from the then and as of three red, and which to RGB the to light three (red, and tion CF back CCD (Charged type that light its each of which the to the three red, and Software then these as to the RAW, TIFF, JPEG The three of the recombined the to the The temporarily CF back with CF or the Processing of these with the included software. the further The CF back with professional SLR as as the of plate that screwed to the Please the
CF back and to untethered therefore to or to when and ate should when shoot. accomplished to or attaching and the back, to the The covered and therefore protected the IR when If to the section from the the protective cover. If scratch or the it every the with least as as would The of cleaning or such action as certainly irreparably. the with when and The displayed of English, Spanish, or Chinese
buttons The OLED that bright, high- bright surroundings and The the graphical interface and when connected to the cool. OLED and the bright light and from and the other as The and the of the buttons, located the bottom-right and of the on-screen that to the the bottom-right the rating when confirms when the commands within the indicated the the through the the histogram overlay, off and full-screen. ON /OFF the back.
Ready light Flashes to that the back operation (such as and commands. Flashes when the back ready. Navigation four-way to through and the To the of the that to what to right or SELECTION (to the the You to to once and finally to and batches and acts as selection the SELECTION (to the the acts as selection when batches, (OK) This through the three thereby assigning to the currently displayed (or selected) the of the Architecture The based the of and red. acts as (OK of operations, such as indicated the the IN Used when with Allows nection to the the to synchronisation as as protection the back. and the Used with only. OUT Used when with Allows nection to the the to synchronisation Allows the to or The back whereas the or back CCD and IR This the light-sensitive which permanently mounted IR Usually, this assembly the or protected the cover. to or scratch the of the when and to the cover whenever the back mounted WARNING: to the the CCD Cleaning the CCD section with ELD or with back CF cover Protects
C Initial CF back with protective cover This to the and the to or as protection the To the cover, the TORX T10 screwdriver to four screws A). You then the that CAUTION to or scratch the while and the protective cover or the protective cover, that the facing the that with the and the back B). there to and the back when the to that of touches the correctly positioned, the the four TORX T10 screws supplied. the screws tight. the back with products, that and preferably with when tethered to CF back from the (7.2V InfoLithium type NP-F550 or from To battery: Firstly, the and the protective as C. the as the D. Press the the This the catch. the the the the the battery. The catch to the To battery: the catch and the It then freely the the the back and the USB the E). ON OFF With or when tethered to the ON/OFF to the back. heard and splash appear the OLED. The back the to the battery. Press the ON/OFF to the back off. heard to this.
Shooting/image CF back three Untethered Compact this CF back acts of other the internal, compact-flash The with this the freedom of and The with this the field the and the of the holding capacity. Please that the recommended of CF or Professional Other offer reduced Semi-tethered This to the to The features and high-speed It lightweight, and easily to the as as the untethered option. The with this the of that without The with this the and that might Tethered This to CF back directly to and to the software and The with this the and to the (with The with this the of to Selecting the choice to concerning where the initially The the location to which and from which the the selected automatically, to then directly to the connected compact-flash then this selected. from and attached both and then to explicitly to its and to There of selecting the Selecting the the to the to the top which shows connected and then the and batch. and information about selecting and batches this
memory shooting to compact-flash CF back self-contained. wires or to attached. CF back shipped with 1GB compact-flash which to shots. to the the of each thereby affecting the of the You purchase possibly larger-capacity, and them as each becomes that the the of its to when attached. This to and then clear the to shooting. section the CF cover to the CF the CF that the the with the facing the as the Gently the the If might the backwards or the completely the cover Removing With the CF cover the and then release It from its as the Press the to the Working with There the CF or when mounted, to the with and with The optional It photography, and high-speed It light and You easily to the nearly as as the stand-alone the and the This with CF back. the with CF back.
To with CF back, as its and the with (IEEE the To the the The back then to and the internal Tethered to while connected, the to each to though might instead compact-flash and/or or directly. Connecting to To to from the to the the of CF back. The CF back protected cover. Removing from To the from the FireWire when activity finished. Shooting with connected to the following apply: The and location from The and CF back CF back from the it (please that notably PC initiating from the to CF back, which the and flash/strobe lights CF back then the back the to the where the and as 3F the currently selected of the 3F It the exactly as the technical that to and the correctly. It furthermore history of the that to each and such as photographer, copyright, from the or the 3FR the 3F If to then directly to DNG or other and Photoshop, Please to the Software Reference further instructions about
Initial the CF back to using phone or the the MENU ISO White The first four items immediately indicated the appearance of and the highlight the the buttons. and and therefore further It to through this section of the initially to of the with its sections On the following of the philosophy the its and and of the function while others function. the leads through the the that the arrowhead trates. The in/out though, as and reducers as as buttons, to where the
MENU STORAGE SETTINGS using the buttons the through the the It the of infor- mation about and of the back of Below of what and where the ISO the light of the to MEDIA where DELETE or tion of BATCH Used to (batches) and them. USER INTERFACE sound, and other MISCELLANEOUS the the back appears to firmware of WHITE BALANCE to match the of light used. BROWSE the and browsing. FORMAT Used to and COPY Used off-loading from to DEFAULT APP LEVEL Assigns to CAMERA which type of with the back. DEFAULT back to the factory
introductory of access, and choice. The to and branches within the tree the reach the where choice to The OK or SELECTION buttons then to choice. the MENU the appears. The highlights where the Press the and the to and the You to the ther the the or the EXIT/MENU The to further the indicated the arrow the Press the right arrow the to the of the reach the of choice (this might PLUS and MINUS to the right the round the You then the /SELECTION tons to of choices. the the the ISO shown. the appear and then back to both the as as the to the the of ISO Pressing the EXIT/MENU then the the the the of pressing of the /SELECTION buttons as as the You then choice with the OK or to the the EXIT/ MENU sections information.
Shortcuts To the back shortcuts to of the commonly commands that otherwise the front These Fashion created using www.live-books.com copyright this the following of (as to and The the than others and involved. The following of the The English, Spanish, and Chinese. To choose of the as follows: Press the MENU/EXIT Press the NAVIGATOR and to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the USER INTERFACE Press ZOOM guage this Spanish). Press the MENU/EXIT and holding of the buttons or These where this them To the Press and the to (or flashing) its overexposed areas. Indicator To the Press and indicated. Architecture To Select the and then and the MAIN MENU to the or to choose to the
Working with and batches With CF (or CF or with batch) created the first captured. More batches created whenever choose and You should them straight though as they required) when they with batches to as They function the following batch, to from compact-flash each batch as the to that it affects batch. from the batch. You batches the of the back front The OLED shows the which each batch created. Please that each the created batch only. You other batch to and batches The with and batch This the location which the and the location which using the the front There of selecting the and/or batch: the and buttons of the front This to existing batch and therefore when type of attached. This the below. the MAIN MENU of the to choose This only when than attached both and this function, to the recently created batch from the select. Please Selecting the of this
The MEDIA this CF and illustrated and there- connected. The around the CF that to the CF and the This the The BATCH The around that the Batch You the branching off the selected item each the Conversely, back of the each the Batch Normal to to further to batch, thumbnail Medium-type (Compact Flash) Medium-type Batch of and currently the and the batch rthe batch created of and the batch
Fashion created using www.live-books.com copyright To the and batches using the Press the the the top If with the then through the following to there: (as Four-thumbnail Nine-thumbnail (as Batch (as (as Each shows and To the right of the of three coloured parentheses. These the of of each and red) that currently that that shows then that of and If than then and to highlight the to The currently selected shows Press the highlighted of batches this appears. Each appears as with and the which created. with the the of of each that each batch. with and to highlight the batch to The currently selected batch shows Press the highlighted batch. The nine-thumbnail of selected batch appears. Please the selecting and browsing batch. Each the created batch the selected You select batch Creating batches You of batches each To batch, first selected the and and then the MAIN MENU STORAGE BATCH of the to the batch. Creating repeatedly to the currently to the currently
Architecture The Architecture to classify as as them. It supplying feedback, which instantly whether each correctly or to or underexposed. Thereafter, the to assign each of three Though the the (based the light that should the as follows: GREEN shots. YELLOW AMBER that inspection. RED that should used. Please when the to shots. You shooting red-status then to with with with C Please the actions of (or clicking) the to the and and holding to the One of the of photography to that to shoot that to shoot Photographers therefore to when shooting assigning as to through and when back to The of with the Architecture as follows: The the to to or If suspects the following: feedback this option chosen) sound, which immediately to the The warning sound of the the as overexposed or Press the to the of the currently selected Press and the to the of the currently selected and browse-filter and
conversely of the the as Downgrades the to yellow to that the warning though they to intentions. You should these as If detected, then the with If to as as and as technically as automatically! through shots, the of each and whether should or each based its appearance the You apply to, when to or to only to of each that with the the as might and the and then to the only and then, finally, the as that the that the to assign or of the warning. when assigning the becomes Reading and the The of each indicated the indicated coloured the bottom-right of the that its with A A0000043); warning (yellow) with B B0000043); and (red) with C. of this to them to the the and/or coloured as the four-thumbnail or nine-thumbnail easily the of each of them. To the of the currently displayed/selected the the shown. that the to as which that (though they there). Browsing below, about to with the when assigning the becomes Browsing You the to which that as batch (or both and yellow, or only red, The indicated as illustrated.
there, they shown the Also, the of the disappear the the to and then to that shown the There to of this the to only Then through each and whether of them should to or red. If of the to and then through to the to only Then through to least of each that There to the Press and the to shown the the MAIN MENU of the the There to including one-at-a-time and batch, and/or first the or batch from which to and then the MAIN MENU STORAGE to the of the to You choose to from the selected batch or red- and yellow-status from the selected batch or from the selected batch or MAIN MENU each of the tions. the outlined Workflow, CF back normally assigning to that basic and to that the this behaviour You the following as Workflow. of the warning. of the warning. of this feedback to this option chosen). the MAIN MENU BROWSE to this the
of and copying The OLED to inspect while on-location. The offers full-screen previews, high-magnification of thumbnails and including histogram and first the the showing the the and batch. each the shows of the To the of the batch, the and right arrows of the the using the button, from the batch the To another batch, to to the batch or and then the and about to the and/or batch. Browsing It to the to of or from the batch. You this, to of red- to them or to of yellow-status to whether they should to or the the they there. Architecture about to and the and below, the You furthermore the to and batches and Batch Normal to to further or to of
or or The than You therefore the to inspect To this: to the to with the Press the and thumbnail that includes outlining the tion of the currently shown. You the following as the to the to inspect of the further pressing the back the finished, and the the thumbnails of each preview, to four or the once. them to of and to shots. To the thumbnails, with the and the once to four thumbnails or to thumbnails, the selected shows selected, the or using MAIN MENU STORAGE MAIN MENU STORAGE and to the thumbnails when than shown. If to the nine-thumb to the batch and then to the You this to the and and with and to The to both to to
Choosing the You the to through the The preview: shows surrounded of shows with histogram. and shows with both histogram and Battery off the the and preview: shows the only, with or information. To through the the the front The as Each the sub-sections below. of the the or to the thumbnails, the to showing the which shows information about the and around the to the however, then to last-selected that the which to back To the with the You through the the
The The the shown when first the It features of and basic information about the back and the the histogram The histogram that the of each brightness with from the to white the right. It tool well-exposed usually of while and overexposed to the or right of the respectively. histogram that cut-off the with the histogram that the There the indicating highlights and this often C histogram that cut-off the right with the highlights The histogram that should interpretedthere ations which histogram match that the (and C of the histo- and, the background, of the The with the to them using the to and archive. ISO White and capacity (Shots
shortcut There the and off. To and the as would or this the back the thereby You the while shooting this (which activates the the the and You turning the and/or of the the of the MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE DISPLAY Other to include time-out and/or time-out (each of these MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE to MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE DISPLAY Timeout to of the USER INTERFACE and about these Full-Screen full-screen without distracting surrounding them. the shown full-screen the This from assigning the without knowing Though the histogram shows when of overexposed, which ones. with bright areas, to know whether the of bright or completely overexposed. To them, the back overexposure which shows precisely which of overexposed that brightness, thereby the overexposure flashes the overexposed from to white. To or the overexposure the MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE Overexp
shortcut There To and then and the the CF back to of the following the currently selected only. from the batch from the from the batch from the red- or yellow-status from the batch red- or yellow-status from the Another of to as Red. this the option while) of while allowing the to the as the You to each operation. about to the to or please MAIN MENU STORAGE Copying to To the compact-flash to the back to using and then which the process. Connecting to the about to to Another to to to the compact-flash from the back and compact-flash to Compact Memory Cards about to and the CF back function as CF Select MAIN MENU SETTINGS> Interface that to connected the to the with and then copying the the or MAIN MENU STORAGE Copy to CF back to the field, shooting to the internal and then to with this the of shooting without with the capacity of the internal the to the clear the and to shooting. from the copying. If to or to free then MAIN MENU STORAGE MAIN MENU STORAGE
MENU ISO White The those that to often as assignment. It that to other of which Entry white) and yellow right- arrow, the right-arrow the tor to the (or, the To to the the MENU the then the first of the the to through the items and the and include both and/or that the they their to the To the tor the option that the they to another or right-pointing arrowhead instead of To the arrowheads and of the to the and then the right of the to There of back to the the arrowhead of the that or the to or command). The arrowhead shown as EXIT) and buttons to the selected The to the and then the Selected (indicated The and that the and to the shown inactive) and )buttons to
of the
Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS Press to the USER INTERFACE Press the this Spanish). Press the MENU/EXIT to the ISO You to the light of the back to match ISO rating The ISO rating to or To the ISO: the MAIN MENU ISO entry. This the top of the top selected when the the about to this the or the shown. Either to another the ton or the to the and that the of the CCD ISO Higher ISO progressively as higher ISO becomes It recommended that the lowest ISO the lighting or to choose to through the ISO
There White to choose from. White Daylight sunlight. weather. locations of sunlight. when when when shooting White this to the white with the and to the preview. To white Select the MAIN MENU White The displayed the about to this the or the shown. to another the ton or the to the and Please that white only. The temporary reasons and affects the which further processing. To white Select the MAIN MENU White the to the White the as with the or buttons. Alternatively, the the that should as the or of white and the otherwise appears the LCD that then that the following the chosen as the white The where back and which the type of availablethe internal compact-flash attached and or then to switch them. If selected than batch then the batch selected when the the recently created. To the to which to and from which to shots: Press the MENU and to the MEDIA the or the to shown. Either to another using the ton, or, the MENU to the and to through the white to through the
shortcut There the To and click!) the ton the appears. Browsing then only the with that that the and buttons while This to batch as from to batch to thumbnails to preview. and about this The the to through to their You the following choices: of the the batch, of their This the Red: from the batch. These that You might these to and/or to that to shots. from the batch. These that warning or that manually assigned to warning. and yellow-status These that to or information about the please Architecture To the using the Select the MAIN MENU The displayed the or selected the to to another the ton or the to the and The appearance of the Empty that there with that to through the options
the STORAGE MENU This section organization, and related
MAIN MENU STORAGE The with from the to or and batches You the or yellow) assigned to The first item the The of the to the them immediately and thereby There to from batch from of red) from batch or DELETE this to from To From (which the to to the nine-thumbnail this the to the to thumbnails, the selected coloured around the selected the currently shown. (You from or from thumbnail Select MAIN MENU STORAGE Press to the You shown of the selected and to the Press OK You to the Notice that the and the batch the three Either to another using the or the to the shortcut There one-button To and then and the the
A. B. C. D. from batch To from selected batch: Starting the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE the about to this to the the or This the batch the batch yellow/red batch and the batch batch the batch Press OK to the To without EXIT from batch. to select:
You to the to another the or Press the EXIT to the from selected To once: Starting the the reach the and to the from which to You from batches that that both each shows of three coloured parentheses to the right of the These the of of each and red) that the that shows then the of yellow (unclassified) and Select MAIN MENU STORAGE the about to this Press to the
You the that to from the selected that of the that the tion. and to or Then to the selected You to the To the and then the to the To the to or the to the to and then the to You to the Either to another the or Press the EXIT to the from batches from selected to the to
FORMAT The back to and write to that or arrive without or might to that currently using that the read. compact-flash that using the back as below, the back already to This the back to the efficiently. The back of formatting type of connected to including and this, the You the the of This than using the function, as because from batches To If than type of connected compact-flash and then selecting the to the of the Selecting the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE Format the about to this Press the to the Format Card You to the operation. To the OK This the and the To the EXIT You to the STORAGE Either to another using the or the EXIT to the
COPY Usually, from connecting the to and might to from to or allowing to the and shooting when with the the CARDXXX, where XXX that with each operation CARD001 the first CARD002 the Previous therefore than of them). Within each CARD each batch. You the back to this the to to the This the from the this manually to free the To from the compact-flash to FireWire to the to CF back and then. Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and the Copy Press to the Copy If only attached, then this If than attached, then to the From to Then the the of the to to. Finally, to back to the With the selected, firm the operation. To the and then the OK to the To the EXIT to or the to the to and then the OK to If chose to then the back the of the operation, which You the and the STOP You to the STORAGE Either to another using the or the EXIT to the to the to or to
BATCH to They to the Batch of the STORAGE each to batch. information about batches, please with and To batch: Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and Batch Press to the Batch The batch with three-digit which with each batch. Following this which to the batch to To the and to of the the or or the found the the Press the OK to the batch with the selected. You to the BATCH Either to another the or the EXIT to the that the batch. It to batches. to the currently selected
DEFAULT APPR. LEVEL The Architecture to ate and each based the assigns each based of the of the factory the of each assigned as follows: The to correctly. (unclassified): The to or under-exposed. might choose instead to this and assigned as or yellow, of the typical to to and then of the and only the to At the might the to Architecture about with the To the assigned to each Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and Press to the Appr. the or the to or yellow) shown. Either to another the ton or the EXIT to the and to through the
There of the heading which Interface the USER INTERFACE
MAIN MENU SETTINGS Interface the Interface the the back interacts to and of It includes and of the USER INTERFACE The interface includes both and The following The of This to the To the charge of the battery, the back to specified of inactivity. The exactly the as though the off the Once it the back this to to this (this the to and to establish time-out. the timeout and Down. Overexp. This to of that exposed. this the highlight each overexposed flashing white and this to On to the to to Sound CF back feedback to each correctly. This Architecture. This (choose High, and Click (choose On and and Warning (choose On and CF back internal clock that of the and This information to each with the and which It to batches with the which each batch created. This the Timeout seconds the which computer.When the timeout reached, the turned off, the back to of the buttons. the timeout and Down. This the of of the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of of You This the Brightness of the This the brightness shown the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of brightness; of brightness. You
the options the Interface Each of the and immediately the or another to choice. Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS Press to the USER INTERFACE and to the entry. Press the the of and or Press to Sound, and Press the MENU/EXIT to the and the while Sound, and or to the
503CW CW with showing from to MAIN MENU SETTINGS The choices that appear the restricted to the fitted. then only appear. The following of and action when with the The CF back the of The and this the that from this should with the of to seconds If the input the PC and CF back which allows to the of while to than second. This allows the of the the below the and the Dont to the Please that included as to Please further information. CW with CW CW If to the from the CF back and the CW. the ELD with ELD ELD choosing the the The seconds however. the CAMERA Please that this only choice displayed to fitted.
EL EL the ELD EL. of the EL to the battery. the function (A or AS should the the EL (supplied) to the the housing of the EL It attached to CF back the as battery, and the then attached to the as the ELX with 500EL/ELM and 500/553ELX ELX The EL (supplied) should connected. including the function correctly without to the the EL (supplied) to the the housing of the EL It attached to CF back the as battery, and the then attached to the as the with with where achieved and accordingly light this CF back the (as as other the The back the START (MENU/EXIT) or from section of with or with input should used. including the function correctly without to the with 500C/CM, 501C/CM and There the amount of the opening/closing the This corrective the to the from the The and should only encountered. This should cable-free than second, that matches the the The from to seconds the The ELD
This the as and with or the of the where the of such section Initial the amount of to the first the amount of each Count: the of required. CAMERA and options Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the and to SHUTTER DELAY or EXPOSURE TIME Press the required. Press the EXIT to the and or to or to
Connectivity CF-39 CF CF-39MS CF/MS ELD EL, ELM, ELX CW only ELD ELX CW input H1, H2 ELD EL/ELM ELX CW CW C/CM C/CM SWC SWC/M SWC SWC FC FCM FCW FE TCC FCC With C-type FlexBody
Connectivity CF CF/39
Connectivity CF CF MS CF MS
EXPOSURE TIME and CAPTURE SEQUENCE Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the Press or to EXPOSURE TIME. Press Press to CAPTURE SEQUENCE. Press to the CAPTURE SEQUENCE or to PINHOLE or to
Press the This the amount of that the first the Press to DELAY. Press This the amount of each the Press to COUNT. Press This the of the Press OK to the The CF back ready that the MENU/EXIT START instead: Press START to the that the MENU/EXIT displays STOP. The this and the or to INITIAL DELAY or to DELAY or to COUNT
MAIN MENU SETTINGS The MISCELLANEOUS Selecting interface The interface the the appear to when You the following choices: The to as the this that when the which then and them to 3F The to as This that which to, and the operating the OS or the To the interface the back to operat- Select the MAIN MENU SETTINGS MISCELLANEOUS Interface entry. The shown the about to this the or the interface to or shown. Either to another using the ton or the EXIT to the and the MISCELLANEOUS to through the
The About Occasionally, releases to the internal software of the back (this firmware). These and/or features. You from technical and when this to know the and firmware of back. To this Select MAIN MENU SETTINGS MISCELLANEOUS About the or about to this Press to the About which shows the and firmware reading the information, the EXIT to to the MISCELLANEOUS to another using the ton or the EXIT to the
Shortcuts these actions to and To the back shortcuts to of the commonly commands that otherwise the front These Fashion created www.live-books.com copyright MAIN MENU SETTINGS The DEFAULT back to the factory To Select the MAIN MENU SETTINGS DEFAULT entry. Press the OK and then the EXIT to return. and holding of the buttons or These where this them To the Press and the to flash (or flashing) its overexposed areas. To the Press and indicated. Architecture To Select the and then and the MAIN MENU
Multishot The Multishot facility with Multishot Witha Multishot back, there other than and These and artefacts type The this high of the each with sharpness)that then combined high-resolution and than single-shot to Micro-shot this this the of the to It the of the of This high-resolution of to MB. to than both to that there the or the subject. of this, these technical shots, shots, architectural and Instructions and Micro-shot of only. Please the intructions.
CF back together with or attached to 503CW (or 503CWD), the TTL function with CF back. reasons, should when using and to stationary the to the (or the of and the to the This when when: tethered to connected to electricity supply or tethered to or batteries. With type and tethered to If the CWD tethered to that to electricity supply as as flash/strobe that connected to electricity supply then the following instead: the input from the (PC the to the IN the back. the output from the OUT the back to that connected to the TTL function 503CW /503CWD TTL function with the 503CW/D. The reflective characteristics of the to characteristics which the TTL function originally the TTL Proceed as follows: the ISO the 503CW/D that becomes higher than the ISO CF back. Therefore, when the back 50ISO, the the should 160ISO, and Testing the that recommended. the and
Cleaning the of the that might retouching Cleaning the CCD If or coloured or then to the of backs (IR) the of to the of the IR thorough cleaning, or cleaning, follow below. WARNING: to the from the front of the the CCD If to the IR and CCD, please cleaning electricity that built touching the back housing. Unlock the back from the to The top of the back released (while the and from the Clean the of IR with If this enough, then of the outlined below. If cleaned the of the then the back of the IR or the CCD This the factory. reattaching the back to the the catch and the catch to the right. that the back Cleaning the HAMA Cleaning and HAMA Cleaning the the IR of inches), that the the as thin, enough. If apply too the to the the the first, and then apply to the as
the to match the of the IR might or three (to to the that the coated outwardsdo the other as than Gently the the of the or three to the the only once. the with the as might reapply the first Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning with E-wipes Tear the notch to the from its and without the to match the of the IR Apply firm or three the of the to firm with the motion. of the as to reapply the first Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning the housings If the back becomes other Clean with cloth lightly with only. allow to or
EQUIPMENT CARE and of the reach of heavy the the as specified. only the type specified with the CF back. the when cleaning the back or to If or rechargeable) when There fire the (such as when with to to and to the CF back. the protective cover when the back mounted the with that the or of the CF back the CF back and other from If CF back becomes from and allow to to the CF back when to the IR from the front of the this the If to the and IR please and and Service and Allow the to whenever to the such as as and from to from and physical to the CF back. of protective or sought and should to theft. and cover should professional users. SERVICE to service and to reliability. GUARANTEE that bought from authorized covered international The and with CF back. the the and to DISPOSAL If to of CF back, and/or batteries, please the recycling or
Technical specifications CF RGB) Shooting ISO Battery type IAA Architecture H2 Acoustic feed back /Acoustic feedback IR Software Platform type TIFF: MB 3FR 30MB TIFF: MB 3FR 50MB with CF-39MS) ISO and seconds CF type or tethered to or PC from the hours. Included, with: least least OLED HB RGB 3F RAW Mounted CCD (supplied) OSX, PC: NT, XP C F and 600X and AF, 645AF, AFD, RB and RZ67, and and and (W D) (W D)
The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as Victor AB A/S. Not the this with H3D. They and to the H3D. The text this or without the of Victor AB A/S. The this or without the of the photographers who them. text this Victor AB A/S. this and Hills/www.figjamstudios.com Victor AB A/S responsibility or or that appear this Victor AB A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of software or products. and of Victor AB A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. Macintosh, OS and of Apple Computer, Inc. InfoLithium of Corporation. Victor AB A/S Copyright rights
Victor AB SE A/S DK