The H2D-39 the high-end, based The H2D-39 around the H2 and completely with the of shutter-based to the high-performance the The H2D-39 includes of features including APO Correction and Architecture. The Has- H2D-39 the highest of and exibility to the professional photographer. The H2D-39 that than the physical of This and which and without the with the H2D-39 clarity and sharpness, thanks to the ultra-high Specication to without ID: V1.0 tion the This the currently professional photography, them the high and the pher increased exibility and creative when or The H2D-39 the the of the performance of the and and with APO Correction types. photographers higher and of which the H2D-39 The H2D-39 with every and aspect of its performance the and that each Has- H2D-39 with APO Correction The H2D-39 of and then correction aberration effects with This that matically to the that this APO tion (DAC), the APO-chromatic correction of the that of this includes of each that each the that that the as of the DAC functionality and the tions professional photographers, because of the to choose to to tones, Has- this with the of to with its software. Working with the to and out-of- the-box with tones, and other easily and effectively. called: 3F RAW (3FR) to The DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
3F RAW to that products tively and the (CF The includes which reduces the Combined with the architecture of the backs, this allows to to The 3FR the the RBG with its out-of-the-box and both the with to and the DNG Format The 3FR directly DNG NeGative), this to the professional photographer the The DNG to directly PhotoShop. This photographers to and efciently, Specication to without ID: V1.0 reducing the downtime to and to reach the of includ- and copyright, with photographers, the productivity and creative freedom offered software the DNG Architecture of its the photographer and the to to the Building the of its Feedback created Architecture (IAA), of feedback to the pher to the shoot rather than the selection IAA and each the photographer immediately whether the red, or light The informa- tion recorded both the and the and easy to classify and the or the The H2D-39 integrated with Architecture, from the of IAA and the invention. OLED the products high and bright sunlight, to allow Three of and and the photographer. The H2D-39 offers choice of the CF the or tethered operation with With these three operating and the photographer to to the of the hand, whether the or location. interface The H2D-39 operated easy-to-use user interface, of one-button-click operations including and info. the photographer offers with the high- of the photographer. tethered operation, and productivity to advanced The allows the photographer to and selection. the of the DNG the H2D-39. natively both and and to allow to free co-workers and and and the of the allows easy to and cleaning of the hours of retouching DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
SPECIFICATIONS DIGITAL FEATURES, H2D-39 RGB) RAW Shooting ISO ISO and seconds CF type II (write New GB HB RGB: Battery type from the H2D OLED feedback IR Mounted CCD Acoustic feedback IAA Architecture Included, with: Specication to without ID: V1.0 3F RAW Software (included) or DNG (included) Platform OSX. PC: NT, XP type FireWire Battery H2D battery: hours C F Complete [W D] (Complete with and CF H2 the and or tethered to or PC Acoustic back: DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com
H2D-39 HC HC HC Specication to without ID: V1.0 HC HC HC HC HC HC HC 1.7X C-type from the with optional CF DIGITAL CAMERAS www.hasselblad.com