(V1/English) firmware or
Introduction Function LCD LCD Carrying Rechargeable Accessory and the and and Depth-of-field Depth-of-field Focusing CF LCD LCD C Function interface operation Battery Battery Attaching and the length/number of counter Low-battery off Photography Light AE- Functions ON OFF Profiles Advanced of Bracketing Custom function Info text Optional Technical service and
Congratulations! to the of the The H2 builds the H1, the to the backs, increased integrated and The H2 the advanced or photography the and worthy to the The specications and of the the of phers. This allows the to and Its of the reasons that photographers around the or the creative and professional the The the of the technical the the world. It reects wealth of knowledge and tightly with the that combined to creative the photographer. its the fty years of the Within years it as the the its own forwards the foundation which to build, the image-quality, and from the and to photographers expectations. The of features coloured What once optional The of this professional straight of the there trade-off the of the The three of the Reliability, Versatility, Interchangeability. and professional and durability. as as sophisticated to to and that and with tomorrows The of and comprehensive. with and wheel interface, ll-ash, TTL with interchangeability, and o, including
cable-free with backs, of information such as histograms and the LCD, to 1/800s, with LCD, lithium or rechargeable options, from hours to 1/800s, of thats Bracketing, LCD photography, and allowing with than the physical of The therefore of and which high-end of free without the highlight or the from the aspects, the H2 of and that the to as as and of to the distinguished photography, the that to incorporate this photographic life. that to of. of these as of the history of beyond. Thats with The of of the and tion of of The H2 and features that think their of the H2 possibly The should and The H2 function as point-and-shoot or as The to the reference user LCD charts, specifications, the of simplicity, and normally shown to learn the and of the H2. and the when ready the from the thats guaranteed, when to or haps, the H2 The there, to to Finally, please the www.hasselblad.com user instructions, or other information concerning the If access, please or the information.
Whats the or as items. There of factors such as Please that the items noted the accompanying information and correct. or immediately or the and purchase where with the and protective covers as as and touching and the The H2 and of withstanding rough treatment nevertheless and treated with from the Please purchase and the warranty shows the H2 with CFH back.
hot-shoe and LCD LCD buttons AE-L wind-o Rear LCD buttons wheel release Battery Release Stop Battery Battery light and depth-of-eld Focusing screw thread release catch release PC release coupling plate COPYRIGHT ANDERS ENGSTR ANDERS ENGSTR M, ILLUSTRAT H1,
COPYRIGHT ANDERS ENGSTR ANDERS ENGSTR M, ILLUSTRAT H1, This section to assembling and From items, the should than to and to and straightforward photographs immediately. You of the sections to the to with or when back immediately. the information repeated the as as information, the sections and headings search access.
H2- items If H2 to the to useable immediately. completing straight to and red) and then directly to the section to the Please to rechargeable immediately, please instructions the heading and then straight to If, however, the as items, to follow the whole assembly and the from the the and the the the the released. the from the three CR-123 Lithium the the polarity of each correctly oriented the the the the the clicks back its the the and the with the the back as as back the tery clicks back the front protective cover from the the release and rotating the cover counter-clockwise released. the turning clockwise. the counter- clockwise the to the rstly the the mount with the the mount. the the the focusing and clockwise clicks the front pinching together the to the and turn- the clockwise turn. the rear protective cover from the the to the right and If to back instead of this please with the the protective cover from the the and the top of the cover from the the to release the catch the cover from the
the the the that they correctly positioned. the the and with click. If there the released. the to the right and to the top protective cover from the location corner. the protective cover from the the release While holding the the front section the front of the the the and interface correctly. the and clicks that both of the seated correctly. the smooth toned Turn the eyesight sharpness of the the The If the ON.OFF second, the If the STANDBY (the LCD the H2 only), the release (or the ON.OFF You the buttons, wheels, the the LCD the as as the LCD the the Turn the counter-clockwise and the completely. the protective from the internal necessary) the of the the to the the the other of the the the the clicks Completely the from of and the the as the the the around!
of from the and the tongue of the the the Turn the to the tongue the back- the the of the the Press the and tion to that both with the turning the clockwise to the and the back its You might that increased the of the easily and positioning the The wound the to the the active the holding the ON/ OFF second. the and counter clock- the back its the the If the to If the the function the repeatedly and ISO appears. Press the or buttons the ISO rating the Press the function repeatedly the or Press the or the of the or from the the back of the to which loaded. and
From the inactive the ON.OFF the H2 the LCD. The LCD then the If the already (the H2 the LCD) the release or the ON.OFF to that click action press. section of If, however, the appear, as Click the ON.OFF button. The LCD then displays the Turn the front or wheel highlighted. Press the AF Thats H2 age lighting the as and shoot without the to other ton than the release! If attached the to and the release The matically the light reading, the and the ready the If attached back directly to the further information about to
with the H2 to with the H2 and its the and click with buttons. from the of the ON.OFF to while the o. With right holding the security and and to the without The H2 comfortably the of free the the LCD as the buttons and the Notice too the the LCD as the You the the buttons or or them the The that that might the or might action that to this the ON-OFF PROFILES ESC) to to the half-press with the release with the too the and the light reacts. Notice that the immediately the manually and immediately to half-press the readily buttons that to this function to the section). the features the without the or otherwise) with the the the and the Press the AF and then the front to from AF to AF to to the the these Press the EXP the and then the rear to the to the of the simply, the while to with the and the of buttons and and LCD information, The become tomed to the instinctively the to the The of this through, each and that this of photographic and to the Finally, to with or the the to whether The functions and options this to and The to should to of to the of H2!
Function LCD and LED and based Interactive functions and the H2 and the buttons and and around the the LCD interface. The information the LCD and with those found computers, It based and therefore to
Below of the functions of the and buttons. or tions to the of the or found further this M.UP and lowers Can reassigned to another function. release attaching release STOP DOWN to Can reassigned to other function. release Activates and releases FLASH (CONTROL LOCK) to AF Accesses DRIVE Accesses the AE-L light reading both and Can reassigned to other function. wind-o o nished. USER wheel Accesses and MENU Accesses LCD. ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) the and o. Accesses and acts as other Rear wheel Accesses and Eyesight correction eyesight facility. EV correction EV EXP Accesses and
LCD Typical (The information this synchronisation) (EV Typical when Command The the commands (which to the The immediately each eects the change. this would the FLASH to from the below. the options when The active wheel and Arrowheads which wheel should to the they this the Bracketing option chosen the front and the of that option chosen the front wheel wheel information The the displays information about the of the the displays what and the displays the of or what (1/20s) rating ISO/ASA) information
the following of and actions when SAVED NOT SAVED half-press release (DRIVE The basic that the to the and then of the The arrowheads the buttons function, the ON.OFF click action as as (half-second) action and the release half-press and Several buttons the to the of the the the FLASH tions as the EXIT button, the AF as the ON and the DRIVE functions as the SAVE At the seconds to The following of the terms the actions that appear the the LCD): the back the the function On activates the function Select selects the character when text and ESC terminates action and to the and back the Can ESC (PROFILES /ESC (FLASH
LCD Typical the when activated the or (The information this priority LED Warning LED of LCD with and when pressed. FLASH AF DRIVE EXP EV) Normal Normal AE Normal with AF and second) LED (empty)
charts Throughout this charts to the and procedures to the These charts to graphically to through the While they include the information that would the LCD to that section, they the of the as that would and too confusing. If with phone then the of the and You should that, through the and than the written the terms gation. which their graphical where its branches. section, or o the branches, the LCD Therefore screen the graphical the LCD of where the and the of the charts front rear Press or MENU the Choose ENTER DRIVE Choose ON AF The H2 features the of of This that choice of and thereby appearance of of the LCD the as of the this To the reference often to or from there the and therefore ate which of The therefore the currently created and the the LCD when photographing where operation, such as Choose DRIVE The and action retained Functions that the tions that branch of the of the without That the clockwise or anticlockwise to arrive the function. of through The the that to through the branches of the tree as they appear the LCD to reach the
C release This half-press and (or softly) the function and activated. the (or the released (or the chosen as the activated with this FLASH (CONTROL LOCK) (EXIT) This function If the second, the sound and appear the LCD that the the release) and therefore Press the to (this function to or wheels Custom clicking the the information the LCD from the section This acts as the EXIT other AF (ON) (SEL.) C This function Press this to directly to the choice from the section It acts as the ON and SEL. select) buttons other DRIVE (SAVE) (ENTER) This function It the the LCD from the section It acts as the SAVE and ENTER buttons other wheel The front and turned to the as as to the sections of the The of the MENU Accesses the of the Press to the LCD. active ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) Press the to the The H2 and then the seconds the of the the o completely whereas click the the section of the from the the and of the this Rear wheel The front and turned to the as as to the sections of the Acts as The of the
On the of the as as the wheel, there further three buttons: AE-L This light reading both and It to reading. Can reassigned Custom to another function. section the AE-L (chapter Light and wind-o Pressing this wind-o the without to through the to reach the of the The purposely to pressing, the of or to The LCD which this USER This purely user to chosen function or might bracketing and of this the function without to through the The AE-L -UP and Stop buttons assigned the to their The reassignable of these buttons and of and You to their Custom On the front of the there the release M.UP Press this to the and to function). of the within second) immediately the function. Can reassigned Custom to another function. Remote release attaching release The accessory protected STOP DOWN Press this to of the depth-of-eld the the chosen The to the and as as the maintained. You the the to the Can reassigned Custom to another function.
There buttons the as as the eyesight rection Eyesight correction wheel The eyesight facility of to users. EV correction Press this to the EV with the front or rear EV correction appears the and LCD as EXP The EXP the and options with the front and and the appear the and LCD accordingly.
coupling software based LCD interface The H2 of with durability. The of the that sophisticated operation. To the the the to and the of the recorded and freely service The houses the interface and the the of the protects the from the Please when the without protective cover or to the the front of the reveals the when cover or or to the or the aect More however, should of Authorized Service The the which easily or without the of or procedures.
Carrying The carrying attached rstly the The then freed and attached to the back the to the the The purposely tight and might to The H2 There mechanical facility to of or rechargeable the with might when this to to them The located the of the While the depressed, the The released from the Press the the to release the three CR-123 lithium (or the the polarity of each correctly oriented the the and the the the that seated properly and that the the locked the the and the with the the back as as back the as as the Battery of factors and therefore exactly predicted.If the the active instead of then reduced. low-battery indicated as the LCD the completely exhausted, warning battery appear the LCD The function when this appears and battery The rechargeable optional accessory that the and option users. Please with the rechargeable further information. The Battery rechargeable 7.2V replenish- to or the lithium the H2 Please the Battery charger BC-H VDC with Battery rechargeable 7.2V only.
C The charger The charger with to of Other of the chosen A) that the the charger correctly the the the Charging the If attached, the protective cover B) from the outwards and upwards the locking the cover charging to the to immediately. With the from the the from the charger the C) the tery the charger (100240V~ The LED the charger the following: On charging charging and charging (with reduced Please that of the LED to expected. The normally the The might instances when the connected to the supply. The therefore or the to the The rechargeable attached and the as the Please to the rechargeable with H1 the the or the to function properly. Rechargeable The should capacity reached the and The type and memory of This the without of or performance. The should of C. from the charger and immediately with another, allow seconds to that the charger the charging It perfectly the to become when temporary of performance might high or the this the
Long-term of with charge recommended. The and its performance reduced It to follow the and this performance and reasons. Rechargeable The following should to: Battery rechargeable V: the to the correctly. the protective cover when (Short-circuiting the other than the H1/H2 the the battery Please or other than the charger BC-H VDC Battery BC-H VDC: Read the instructions using the charger than charging of Battery rechargeable short-circuit the the charger other than the The H2 with Spherical brightness, clarity and optional accessory with To the to the To the the of or the and upwards. To the the right of the that correctly the recess. the of or the and the to touching of the with to the or of cleaning If the becomes to cloth the only. from Authorized Service the becomes that or greasy the might the whatsoever the recorded
Accessory On the hand of the accessory screw threads (M5), as as protected beneath cover. The screw threads products while the service this The cover such as the and then to the as the The then to the PC synchronisation located the of the It protected
light information wearers The laterally corrected It features to users. The to wearers. The bright Spherical focusing (located the to preference, each of them indicating the light The formation located beneath the updated and and back This LCD information the LCD to the LCD, there four and information. The features The as with from the and easily and Please section Flash the section about the The and the Function section.
C A. E. B. F. C. Eyesight G. D. H. release Attaching and the While holding the and resting the top of the the the front locating the the front of the Press the rear of the clicks that both of the seated correctly and that attached. to malfunction the interface the and positively secured. To the the right and while the release the of the and from the corrective to the to The from to D. wearers and the to whether they to wear or the the or smoothly toned While holding the hand, with right the wheel the the reach the sharpness eyesight. If normally wear and to wear them then them the If, the other hand, to then the without wearing the H2. The who to when photographing. The shorter those who to their further from the and those who to wear The Authorized Service section Flash
and focusing with friction Non-rotation of or accessory when focusing Non-rotation of focusing hours to with Reversed as protection of and HC specially the to the high performance expected from to the from and photography to sharpness, the incorporates (the ity of the out-of-focus of the to that to 1/800s. from to with and to with back. with To and and light focusing-assist light the cally activated. and the the should to performance. Protective (UV should least when section information about the CF that allows the of C type from the
C and A. B. C. Focusing D. Depth-of-eld E. the front protective cover the the release and while turning the cover counter-clockwise. the rear counter-clockwise the the with the the and the clockwise clicks Removing the release and while the counter-clockwise and protective the immediately and the necessary. If to the the release might this the clockwise and then with the then released and and the and pinching the of the arrows. screw thread to and screwed clockwise there of the front section of the when This when using or where the normally with that protection and when mounted and turned clockwise the the with the the front of the mounted they attached the and turning counter-clockwise. and Both the and and the the There the or The chosen both the LCD and the LCD. the
too the of the the section the too the of the the section the Depth-of-eld There and through the the of the There and depth-of-eld The focusing o the chosen from the Depth-of-eld as follows: the as reading or and the the of the that to the chosen From these o the the The depth-of-eld that and the included these the the focusing nearly At of the depth-of-eld therefore from to Stop /depth-of-eld depth-of-eld the STOP DOWN while the the to that light, the apply. Proceed as follows the the the the this the (coloured red) instead of the Alternatively the the together with the instead of the as the the focusing to the H2 LED appearing as arrowheads to the right of the with of or The arrowheads of and when with eyesight the arrowhead appears the too the chosen (the within the the and when the right arrowhead appears the too when both arrowheads appear together. If the established, then both arrowheads when both arrowheads together.
incorrect arrowhead If the established, then both arrowheads CF The CF optional accessory that allows C type from the to This expands the than The focusing the as Light measured with which and information the With CFE to the cocking with and easily
o LCD information LCD Count-up or count-down choice The sophisticated within the It its supply information LCD information transmitted and received the and the the nection clean and It to the protective cover when to both the and the
C C and A. LCD G. B. LCD H. C. I. D. J. E. Function K. F. L. interface LCD The repeatedly the function and the change-up and change-down buttons. cally At the LCD seconds to LCD The LCD the which when the attached to the The LCD the the depressed, to of seconds. seconds expired, release the the and to further of tion. that using the function often noticeably the of the the the attached to the the the the LCD the the instead. C Can the upwards. to increase the action. Can the to the action. Function Selects the four that the The that repeated of the functions turn.
time-out of seconds of non-activity, the to the when the switch the the of the the Used applications. Indicates whether the or RED CANNOT from WHITE CAN from If to when the closed, however, the and The closed. and the the and counter-clockwise the to and clockwise the closed to The when the tached to the ID from the as of the type of loaded. Dont to type! the the the and counter-clockwise to the and turn clockwise to the locked to To the the to the right the the to the to the interface interface and the and protected from the protective cover when the or transported.
Operation Battery The to information and when from the attached to the the its from the batteries. The normally eective years (o the month of low-battery appears the LCD as warning. The to function with as as attached to the when the stored. Battery Release the the and rotating counter- clockwise the completely. On the plate the of the housing cover. or the and the cover about counter-clockwise The cover freed and the with fresh CR2032 3V lithium (or battery. the polarity and the and the cover the the locking rotating clockwise If the incorrectly, the though function. to touching the of the with as sweat the conductivity of the casing and might the to the Count Attaching and the You from the the (when the the shows white). Neither the when the attached to the Both these therefore caused the the the that they correctly positioned. the the and with click. If there the catch the released. that the release to the catch. You and the with or without the If to to and the without to the whole that the the shows that the closed). Firstly the of the release to the right and while that the of the towards the to release the the of the the You the closed. If the then exposed to light the the matically three to The counter correspondingly three to the recorded the
C EXAMPLE counter Press the function repeatedly to access: A. (ISO B. of C. D. counter (count count E. Low-battery The (ISO ASA) or ally. this This the (ISO length) the That the of without their manually. to the of To the the Press the (or appears together with ISO. Press the or the to reach the The of seconds. the LCD to the If both and (or that the accordingly. length/number of Both and used. with half-length only) or and If the then (and The LCD the and the length. that with length). If, however, the then as follows: To type the the Press the the or appears. Press the or the to the The timeout. the to the
counter activated or deactivated through the To the the Press the the appears. Press the or the to reach On or The of seconds. the to the Operation and to the function through the Please section counter The counter to or already exposed. The LCD shows choice of the as of the of or countdown. of this the count-up, the of the to the three already exposed). This information displayed the LCD and LCD though as To counter the the Press the appears. Press the or the to reach the function). the of the of the The of seconds. the to the Low-battery The low-battery appears the LCD when the the shown manually the (ISO160) manually already (therefore with the
The or o the the of the and or of from previous of and from light the and turn counter-clockwise the completely. the the the and the other the arm. the necessary clicks Completely the from of and the the the around! of from the and the tongue of the the the Turn the to the tongue the the the of the the Press the and to that both with the turn- the clockwise to the and the back its You might that increased the of the easily and the If the active or the wound the to the (this function Custom that the when the release the The sounds immediately the last-but-one exposed. This function turned o Custom o the exposed, the wound o. to o the o the or to You the the LCD the Unloading To the the as when the of and the wound tightly and that sealed with the properly (the to to the type). from light and with the to the
Photography with both and third- Information LCD Tethered and untethered exibility The with photo- graphy right from the back accessory rather of the This the and increased and HC to the high which they with ease. both and third- backs, with the and
of both and as third-party combinations. This the and thereby the comprehensive of high photography. The H2 offers platform both and However, of the back therefore afterthought rather of the The H2 LCD based to of from back, the and the back or histogram histogram played the LCD than displayed the back. Additionally, the H2 to The to immediately the back. There of third-party the that the H2. the back recommended. CFH The based CFH back built to the and functionality of the H2 with its of high performance, based The CFH using the interface mechanical and to the this the CFH high of and exibility to the professional rapher. CFH the back which completely to the of the H2 This that both the and the back the tery of the H2 as their The H2 Architecture, from the of with the CFH back. The CFH the following features: user interface The CFH operated with straight interface with of operations including: and info.
Three of operation and and the profes- photographer. The CFH choice of the CF the or tethered with With these three operating and options, the photographer to to the of the hand, whether the or location. Direct shooting to DNG with to its products with DNG NeGative), this to the photographer the The DNG to directly PhotoShop. This allows photographers to and eciently, reducing the downtime to age and to reach the quickly. of including and copyright, with photographers the productivity and creative freedom software the DNG and the software that included with backs. It with the highest of the photographer. tethered and productivity to advanced The allows the photographer to and selection. the of the DNG the CFH. natively both and and to allow to free co-workers and the professional photographers, when tones, To this, its software. With the out-of-the-box without with tones and other accurately. Architecture of the H2 front- the Architecture from the of of its the photographer and the to to the Building the of its Feedback technology, created
Architecture (IAA), of feedback tools, to the photographer to the shoot rather than the selection process. IAA and each the photographer immediately whether the red, or light The information recorded both the and the and easy to classify and the or the OLED the products high and bright sunlight, to allow IAA and the invention PA CF The CF of options high tions. with the interface, the and the option The CF therefore of exibility to the professional photographer, them to of everything that leading photography C and With the C of products as as with the H2 and the functionality of the H1. While therefore of the and of the CF and CFH nevertheless and ease of back, the H2 to the It to to to the interface of the
Light Three light The light of selective ity three reflective and measured of EV. Information and consistently and changeable lighting Light through the (TTL) the AE and manually or ically the wheels and/or The information both the LCD and the LCD. of from through to sophisticated of the priority, priority, and
weighted Light and factors to when choice, and which the light and of the account( Weighted and the and factors about the light translated and the choice about the and their the or the Included this choice the type of mation too user priority, and to and than oth- while to and of of the to this the of this If about choice, please other photographic www.hasselblad.com and concerning such that to the of the the the Since the light TTL, factors, factors, account of and reasons and therefore should to preference. displayed the LCD to within and EV There three three reective the light reected o selected of the to and through the (TTL). These the following (with their LCD weighted Commonly light where there of light or the tonal account of the the weighted: the section of the focusing to of the This balanced and typical choice where the the of the The to of the (the the of the of this aect the read- This of tones.Typically the and light where required. tonal The instead of the LCD( This that half-stops shown that from displays. the and as and the and displayed as Therefore showing second. The appearance of s the whole seconds 45s the of seconds,
EXP EXP Selecting Proceed as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the wheel to the three choices: Weighted, and Press DRIVE to the manually or of four These the following the LCD: (priority) (priority) each both the and the information the LCD and the LCD. the front wheel and the the the the and the or completely to Within this there four choices. (Please the and charts that the and combinations). MANUAL EXPOSURE user of the and To the as follows with the active Press the EXP the Turn the front wheel reach Press DRIVE to the this the and manually chosen turning the front and The obtained when the the the the LCD). from this by: the appearing than the and the the amount of
EXP the the as EV Conversely, 2EV that the appearance of the and that to the section The and indicated to the right of the the half-stops and third-stops displayed, to and appear as half-stop chosen). The active and therefore The however, to the than the instead that cally activates the AUTOMATIC EXPOSURE A, S, P, choice of of and and automatically: priority: The manually chosen turning the front wheel, and the chosen the priority: The manually chosen turning the front wheel, and the matically chosen the this chosen the to the EV measured as choice), though within to and This to with the of account. with To of the as follows with the Press the EXP the Turn the front wheel reach the Press DRIVE to the the front selects while the EV and the the amount of The appears as the LCD and LCD. Other that the the nevertheless arrow appearing the and the LCD.
New EV than the when the AE-L pressed. AE-L to the reads AE- This that incorporated It function the AE-L section Flash). The AE-L EV and as brightness facility or terminology. the the light facility locked to the EV that locked) appears the and the the LCD and LCD to the Press the AE-L to function). the the and become terlocked. this that the EV, chosen. the and the and them together, of, or the front this could, tion the the that to to and with the AE-L You then the with the brighter or while the and choose of and The AE-L allows the function to tonal readings and brightness the AE-L pressed, the as the then another of the the then to the and the o the the the foreground, the reading with the AE-L (thereby locking that to as the to the to they to the foreground the EV o the If chosen together with Custom as as of the or the that should and the AE-L The of the as the LCD, instead of EV as the the (Included and 6)to the of the Alternatively choose to as another and then the of the to other the this following the and then turning the wheel the the LCD. You the that that might measured to the as You then to whether white within the their
Alternatively, the reading to and where there freely light might beach where know that normally as You the holding the AE-L while choosing the and turning the front wheel appears. the other of the their relation to the of to whether they within the of the and they might appear the from the further information about the The facility, both and from to EV, EV This facility the the amount and the the the and as the LCD. To as follows with the active Press the the Turn the front or rear wheels to increase or the amount of EV The amount displayed the as both EV with or (A and as to with (B Press DRIVE to the then displayed the and as of the
Functions and Three This section the basic and functions the of the to of of the of the features might the features the the to such as the wheel and Profiles, to of to about them and they might of
The active ON or as as OFF active least and ON The seconds to this Custom when the the ON ON To the the ON.OFF the H2 appear the LCD. The the The ON of inactivity Custom the cally the appearance of the H2 this the inactive and ready to mediately reactivated to the ON by: the release the Stop clicking the ON.OFF the this the H2 appearing the LCD, the the It where seconds. from the ON seconds of inactive Custom OFF From the active the ON.OFF second. buttons the ON.OFF ineective, the batteries. This the when or the or where there might of activating the the to the of than this neither the LCD LCD information The LCD, however, to information as OFF hours of inactivity There both and that actively whereas as temporary of focusing rotating the focusing the The as with This that the release as To back to pressing the AF and choosing AF or AF C With manually that the rotating the the and without to as the release the half-press the releasing the the release and the function immediately reactivated.
The the front wheel the the following active Press the AF the Turn the front to: Press to the AF You the release half-press function to and to the friction the to purposely the of Please that when focusing manually, the innity and the appear to the This only and the focusing of the section of to the of while or Continuous and activated the release to the half-press Its from EV1 ISO100. The of the within the the focusing light too or the of the too the top of the activated The approximately from the Alternatively, attached that facility instead. This Custom options/AF light. The the HC the allowing or This appears the LCD together with this At AF the release the the This that that focused. this normally of lighting with clear focusing though that this the and focused that while the release this temporarily within the focusing the and then without releasing the release knowing that the the chosen though the focusing Releasing the the release and would the to the of the within the focusing of with and combined
AF Continuous At Continuous AF C the released the focused to the to the to within the focusing or though the release pressed. One to this when photographing such as to the release this the constantly to the focusing and releasing the the release and then immediately the amount of the to the wheels the following active Press the AF the Turn the front wheel to: or Continuous as required. Press DRIVE to the with- to the focusing the the the focusing as with to the the the release You instantly to the focusing releasing the the release and then the release The facility of You of while instantly without the Another who while the of the of to the to and the to AF function then manually with the focusing as when the pressed, the facility operates AF the automatically, the immediately to when the released. Therefore, the without to the release to the
There three and when attached, They the DRIVE the when the release pressed, the advanced to the and the ready the To the however, release the release and then active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to: Press to the the to and the the as as the release (to the of the of second. active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to: Continuous Press to the (with only) the the the the of the of The options and active Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to: Turn the wheel to the of required. Press DRIVE to the The LCD rstly that the the of three the Press the release to the The LCD the the of three the the the LCD would then You to the the DRIVE to the to the The then another to the Please this function when attached. It with backs.
The allows to of that increase the and security of One might where there might informal ash-assisted wide-angle shots, both the each they collectively as the then assured that the the of ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) might choose bracketing, Once would the PROFILES button, and SAVE the instance and New the to and the repeated. or the the instantly and correctly to match the There four and and The the following: priority), weighted user AF (-1.7EV), to the and holding the MENU and DRIVE buttons togeth- and while them depressed, the battery. There that the restoration. the and through the priority, the and them as the the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. the front or wheel to through the of Choose You the this or the to Press (DRIVE The then displayed where the to what section Text further this Press (DRIVE to the of with the To from the the PROFILES to reach the the to the
(PROFILES/ESC) AF (PROFILES/ESC) AF ON.OFF ON.OFF (PROFILES/ESC) and then the AF the then implemented. If to the nevertheless the the the of retained that That to the the as the It might to the to From the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. the front or wheel to through the and highlight the Press AF The to the to the You Proceed as follows: From the PROFILES ON.OFF the and the appear. the front or rear wheel to through the and highlight the Press AF button). Click PROFILES ON.OFF button) Press (DRIVE The then where the to what section Text further this ON.OFF
Advanced bracketing More than options and This section the features that might to should to the from the features bracketing This photographers and the of and of this More than options to the background, security and to the and the to that the whole reection of the to
of Bracketing options options options options and Custom The only appear when back attached! Please back from this options
There of advanced that while every immediately through the They the that the H2 and sophisticated to of professional There four Bracketing to that options when the accessed. the choice of or turning the when the function chosen turning the front The allows the activation of the and of the Normally the the tripped the actions to this there the and light Therefore the function to where the followed the instead. Normally the instantly choose where the The to vibration-free release. It instead of release when The or to the light to the choose accordingly with changeable lighting options options options DELAY MIRROR UP or MIRROR UP DELAY MIRROR GOES DOWN or MIRROR REMAINS UP
highlighted with seconds chosen. highlighted. chosen as option. (PROFILES/ESC) highlighted. then chosen as option. ON.OFF The function the following Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press ENTER DRIVE button) the Turn the front wheel to the that (A displayed beneath the selected highlighted to choose from Turn the front wheel to choose turn the wheel to choose. amount of amount of AF Turn the front wheel On Turn the wheel to choose. to its and the advanced. the UP pressed. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Press SAVE DRIVE to the Press ENTER DRIVE from the to the function. Click On AF Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release activation. the text-row the ON or OFF You the clicking the ON OFF ESC turn the rear wheel highlighted choice.
Bracketing The facility of the or and the others with EV from the This when using with containing tonal Firstly concerning the of required, the which they should and EV there should and the accordingly. The or the EV that the the the and the release every the nished. Continuous the the to without or release the the and to to the of the without within the Bracketing options options options or or EV or EV or EV
of highlighted. chosen as option. C highlighted. EV chosen as option. EXAMPLE EXAMPLE Screen Bracketing indicating with to the highlighted. chosen as option. indicating to and three the Bracketing The Bracketing function the following Press the MENU Turn the front Bracketing appears Press DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to the options, that of (the of the (the of the or (the amount of EV from the (A displayed beneath the selected the to choose the of required: or turn the wheel to choose of four C the rear to choose the amount of EV tion required: EV. Press SAVE DRIVE to the Press ENTER DRIVE from the Bracketing to the function. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Bracketing Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release To from this MENU then (DRIVE the Bracketing then (AF ON.OFF the text-row the ON or OFF The bracketing (PROFILES/ESC) However, the choose instead (Custom Bracket the of this section the and Continuous both the function bracketing the ESC (ON.OFF) with EV would (O EV +1EV, -1EV, +2EV, -2EV.
of high- lighted. chosen as option. (PROFILES/ESC) highlighted. seconds chosen as option. EXAMPLE activated indicating ON.OFF using the allow the to of This often and motion security The and or to the the of Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to the options, that of (the of (the the (The chosen indicated of the to choose the of required: the to choose: hours Press SAVE DRIVE to the Press ENTER DRIVE from the to the function. Press On AF that this reads and the of text the of the reads Half-press the release to this function the release activation) or the release the text-row the ON or OFF the ESC options options hours
Custom From the four Custom options Info and turning the front wheel. From each of these four further Custom options than Info each with choices, and the chart to of where the options the tree Custom options Press the MENU the Turn the front appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to Custom options Press the DRIVE to the than choices Turn the front wheel to the Option. Turn the wheel to the Press shortcuts, MENU and then the USER to instantly to Custom Option Press the release to the the following the options the the of the as the there reaction from the choice and If to the back to the the ON.OFF to and then Please that of the when back (displays histogram) Grey options CUSTOM OPTIONS
the amount of the active to (indicated the LCD the H2 the amount of EV of the front or to or Stop Bracketing AF MF or AF) (displays histogram) Grey LM which function immediately activated when the the this though, The function that the de-activated. AE-lock reassigned to: Stop Measure Bracketing AF MF or AF) (displays histogram) Grey LM Stop reassigned to: Measure Bracketing AF MF or AF) (displays histogram) Grey LM reassigned to: (displays histogram) Grey LM timeout EV function function Stop function M.UP function Stop Measure Bracketing AF MF or AF) the front wheel to the the from to to and the wheel however, the action of turning the wheel to the would then the that the would from to to and connected to the hot-shoe. Not connected the PC the ready. allows release ready. the there the and displays the LCD: allows the to released with the the there attached and displays the LCD: allows the to release without the the allows the to released the wheel Clockwise Counter clockwise the the of the wheels ready Allows to the charged. with or other TTL Allows to release the without the Allows to release the without attached. of to release the when ther the or the (indicated the
On whether the matically to of Terms On allows the the Normal the when to Normal the the fashion as when to or Weighted. the the as the 205FCC. That the of the and the AE-L pressed. The then that the or and indicated the LCD as of Alternatively, the to another turning the Then, when the the within the indicated their the arrowhead LED appear the them when the release them of the when active. them completely. Allows of light to the light or the AF to activates the AF attached however, the used. the AF to inactive. Allows wheel to EV (or EV the turning the the MF AF light Rear wheel and appears both as the and The amount of appears the to the of the the LCD. the function o completely. and buttons. only They however. function. Direct to the when the or when the attached. the only when the release to On the the the the clears the and to the the amount of locking when the pressed. wind-on Direct when the to the On the histogram whether histogram of appears the LCD together with that this Allows the or to active or immediately to
Allows the or to active or immediately to clears the and to the or the the Allows the of ISO the LCD the the selects selects wheel Rear wheel Selects which wheel the when wheel selects the front wheel to the Rear wheel selects the wheel to the AE EV Allows the of EV the LCD ISO Bracket Selects the or the as the which when
function The USER, AE-L, STOP DOWN and M.UP reassigned to The USER function specically assigned The AE-L, STOP DOWN and M.UP buttons, however, assigned the function to the assigned otherwise. The following of the functions that these assigned reassigned to. The function. the to Stop the Initiates function. Initiates function. Initiates function. Initiates function. Bracketing Initiates bracketing function. AF Activates the AF focusing the the AF the focusing automatically. This and of using the AF when the to this of the and certainty of the while the focusing the or function function as the M-UP the to the to LM the Weighted/Average/Spot. the following that only when back attached: the shown histogram. (Not backs). Grey Initiates (Not backs). the function the back. (Not backs). foc with LCD. (Not backs). to the buttons (and to the Custom Option to the short-cut as follows: Press the MENU Then the USER This directly the Custom options the and the function
Info only!) The facility the text that appear the of each It to characters records technical information created the Text records information created the type The following chosen as option: the information: and the basic information only: and correction. (the and through the Text Text Info text info Text text (that created Text) type Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to info Press DRIVE to type. Press DRIVE and the front to the option. Press DRIVE the Info
Text Text of information. The to Text Press the MENU the Turn the front appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to info Press the DRIVE to Text On the of the there and arrow turning the front the the and turning the wheel the and the the highlighted and the pressed, the character highlighted the text the arrow the highlighted, the text the text the arrows character with the to the The highlighted character the text then character chosen the of the positioning the to highlight and then the turning the front the turning the the cally and characters the AF to write and the characters, as follows: You rstly clear of text highlighting the the and repeatedly the AF Text
AF the character with the rear wheel appears the (The character the to the of the top furthest to the the with of the front and the character highlighted. Press the AF to the character that then appear the text the of the with the completed the of characters and Press the DRIVE to the text of to existing text this the Text to copyright photographers section Text the Text On the text the of the the matically to the right of the character that to Turn the front and rear to the the highlighted. Press AF button) and the character erased. Repeated of the acters the the front and rear the character highlighted the tor this the copyright and that appeared as the Choose the character the this and The J highlighted and this the the and characters appear. with characters, those to the temporarily from the that what Dont there of characters. If each character reach where to and then to the This shows completed character text with and and
and the following Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front to Press the DRIVE turning the front the to the following hours, month and respectively. the (AF), choose hour or hour Turn the wheel to the when the correctly positioned. Press the DRIVE to the
servicing reasons as follows: Press the MENU the Turn the front wheel appears. Press the DRIVE the Turn the front wheel to Info Press the DRIVE Press the DRIVE The shows of and to the right of each that the of actions that Please that completely actions as these testing Press the Next DRIVE to the software each
to SCA Rear The professional of tions where It includes enough Combined with and the features offered and other top the and the the of and security.
The H2 together with to of TTL function, the with the SCA the PC or the below). The houses with of and OTF/TTL This of enough as as from when connected to the the with the SCA3002 SCA3902 This information with as as backs, without synchronisation to or rear (the or of Please the information with should to and might increase when connected to peripherals backs, computers, lighting and should when IR and wireless release used. Victor AB and A/S responsibility whatsoever that might or caused when with third-party of to with another the The and or the or together with the of the which might the of If, the other hand, or instead, then of or chosen the to or when that the which too the specications further information You the with of (TTL to The with backs. Rear useful or to when combining light and with SCA3002), and the the This to whether the to TTL or whether to its (A). of the or SCA3002 the and the The function that SCA or SCA specially with the H2 should connected to the the To the and to of the function. eects the function. To the meas- function. To the
FLASH and LED to of LCD of LCD showing to Rear as as 1EV FLASH the and the FLASH once. Turn the front to the amount of required: from +3EV through -3EV (amount ISO Clr AF to clear the required. Turn the rear wheel to the the (with or TTL The LCD shows the Normal or Rear the to to the AE-L to reading. below The features the following specications: light 1EV To the its the ash-unit catch backwards the of the To the its closed the top of the clicks back The activated when the and when to its The LED the when the charging and stationary when charged. The light the together when another TTL (and TTL or coverage with the or (without the the ash-unit catch backwards the of the Press the FLASH Choose Normal or Rear turning the rear and the amount of required) turning the front Press If the incorrect to match the of the the LCD displays The LCD should then to the ation. (That to the or higher ISO
FLASH AE-L and electrically connected of the accessory the top of the or to the PC the hand of the switches/ connected the cover the when of You the of attached (with PC and SCA3902 to where the acts as would. choosing with the which therefore from used. The and the information the LCD satisfactory. To Press the FLASH the to the option Turn the appears. Press DRIVE to the turning the front wheel. Press the AE-L The the the and the Light reected from the reected o white the to the Deviations from displayed as EV the LCD and the LCD. If high or appears, the accordingly and reading. the EV: appears, or the amount of from the EV than EV EV High than EV
Optional back Rechargeable Release coupling focusing CF Optional the opportunity to the of or to to of
There of optional the H2 with to of photographic and Please the information. The the headings the The type useful and 1.7X The the and the to increase the factor of This to of The Converter features the and mechanical as the the The consists of and and The the and the to reduce the focusing photography. They three and the H2 TTL light tion Battery 7.2V H2 containing rechargeable with of option users. Battery Charger Release Remote release with of and UV and reduces without aecting protects the front Particularly when the three to and and reections and Increases tion Can three coupling Focusing Battery CR-123 Battery Rechargeable release IR Remote coupling of the The and threads and catch. H2 H2 Focusing Focusing CF V/H SCA Mounted this accessory and of the The and integrated positioning and security with photography. with Spherical type with and ( and AF technical, architectural, and other photography. Focusing clear Spherical type. (7.5 and AF with H2 The CF allows from the to This expands the than bellows that highly protection stray light. Its the With and features or connecting with the SCA to the H2. the www.hasselblad.com further or of
of and explanatory charts Technical specications Service This section insight the technical aspects of the as as reference information.
of the of clarity, and of terms, items and features the that to which the H2 and This the ISO rating and of the to the and from incorrect might to the ISO which should to ISO Bracketing The of or (normally both) the to the This useful when lighting Easily and with the H2. Custom The chosen the that from the Click Press On.O The ON.OFF which This distinction to the text as clicking and Clicking of the with release whereas pressing of the with EV It the photographic within the from to increase the 1EV. the from to the 2EV. EV therefore or of both. It and useful of to the when without to the and confusing aspects of or using the (often to as or of (or Therefore of +1EV, and of -1/2EV, the chart this reference of and their factory that to the instance and to or Half-press release The release This distinction to the text as half-press and half-press whereas and of the LCD information The and both LCD LED Light information The to the and right of the LCD to that photographic light to reading that or from the measured This international photographic which based. The H2 and sophisticated information account the when This satisfactory of photographic and certainly with the consistently high of Nevertheless, ations technically or to that to the Naturally, seasoned users they their and To this the following of and the other white, three light reading; of the of the white and of the whole including the Without the tone that to the or white. The third however, the as tone while the respective sheets appear as and white respectively, as originally this might to and If about this strongly recommended to to photographic to the from H2. OTF The of the light chanics You allow the H2 to to These of and or that photographic which and the immediately without to through the This and of when repeatedly confronted with photographic
might of with You to depth-of-eld and to You concerned about the the and to possibly with might choose the option these and as that half-press of the release to the and the the The H2 of and that and (Half-length that This though with that the of the and both the other hand, each both the the from its another The then acts as the the following and should and to light when sunlight. should and preferably light-tight and as as the or unexposed, as caused. Please or security or as they the to the of technically with internationally photographic section This imply, however, that would cally the choice or correct to the section Bracketing. To the reference often to the from there the and therefore which of The therefore the currently created and the the LCD when photographing where operation, such as TTL Through The of the light mechanics. The that only the of the front of the included. such as bellows, that aect account with This the that temporary to the or function If function, the to On the to the from to the function to the Then, to from the or as both tons function. the therefore, the This to which to as they both the this The of combined of tonal It originally the rapher and and both white and photography. of the includes the and grouping of of (or hence the The of predictability and tone Concerning the H2, the to the grouping and of tones, where the (whether white or to of through IX (white). of this
T3 T1 T1 T2 with The eective as the of the and closing when measured the height when The fact that to and the inuence the as the to its The the and the this It follows that the shorter With the the amount of light the appears as the the The eective then becomes T1. If the closed the amount of light appears as the The eective increased to T2, which that T1. The that the reduced exactly (1EV), however, slightly At the shorter the as as EV. The this the behaviour of the known and factor. At of or the shorten the to as illustrated the At the however, to the and the instead. Although infrequently please nevertheless that the
Light weighted weighted weighted weighted weighted Light H1 Light H1 Light H1 weighted weighted Light H1 Light H1 Light H1 weighted weighted weighted Light H1 Light H1 Light H1 weighted Light H1 Light H1 Light H1
Technical specications Construction Focusing functionality (with only) choice Auto-focus, SLR with interchangeable and One shell. internal and and coupling plate HC with built-in and or focusing with H2 to the exacting of photography. mounted of when wearing and built-in light Integrated with Hot-shoe SCA3002 SCA3902). LCD with of information. from to +2.5D. and focusing with focusing type phase AF EV to (ISO The H2 features of that and and functionality as integrated Information from the back the displays. If the back, histogram the each the The which to imprinted. include text the user such as and the photographers copyright second. and and with from hours to (or to back tted) of including B- and TTL centre-weighted Can with the built-in or of with the SCA3002 SCA3902. ISO16 to of light. The H2 built-in that light from ashes, such as ashes. Interchangeable with both and types. type, to and o. options weighted, and and ISO100: EV2 to weighted: EV1 to EV1 to
Focusing Accessory interface Battery rechargeable Battery charger VDC Bracketing of or or EV of from to and from to hours. ISO to with The features that clear and easy-to-understand information to the One located the and the other the The based LCD. Bright Spherical type D. Optional type with with M5 threads and of the functions the photographer to or through the built-in Both basic and buttons and the with the graphic interfaces. CR-123 Lithium type Optional with rechargeable type. DV charge termination to over-charging.100240 VAC input. VDC/ and include protective and covers. H2 (L,W,H): HV 90X (L,W,H): HM (L,W,H): HC (L,W) with mounted and include protective and covers, and H2 HM HV 90X HC
H2 Enhanced information information Text Text Info Text Light (Not (If flash used) (Not (Not hour hour text chars Not text than characters chars Not text than characters Not than characters (Not Not text than characters text characters
BODY priority) LM AF-S Normal of Bracketing Normal EV EV Custom options timeout EV EV function AE-Lock function Stop function Stop M.UP function wheel CW ready of On Normal MF AF light Rear wind-on On histogram AE-lock EV ISO Bracket wheel type Enhanced information H2 FILM MAGAZINE On counter Count
Service The H2 sophisticated that information and to and from each to the behaviour. It therefore that reasonable attaching, and the to that the or when or the try to the or and holding the the or Warning The closed easily and the LCD further as they temporary or otherwise. You should the to whether the of accessory with the appearance of to and the that they and correctly to whether the that, of the or about seconds or the might and to near- Authorized Service as the of the behaviour and account of what action trying to when Also, please that the certainly to inspect of the items that when the first appeared, the that the affected of electricity the around the buttons the with or that connected to earth, directly or indirectly lighting This might temporarily the though Press the ON.OFF the to the If to repairs service operations sophisticated to and and there of creating than them such other EQUIPMENT CARE to withstand the of professional To the of however, should protected from and and of High both and to and Allow the to assembly. to the such as as and to and from to from and the and focusing with blower or necessary. Smears the should treated with they with high cleaning to scratch the or of the with If to allow Authorized Service to them. physical protective should of protective or Loss: sought and should to theft. and cover should professional users. SERVICE to service and to reliability. You easily service Info the If constantly and intensively, recommended of the Authorized Service They the and specialised to that GUARANTEE Provided that bought from authorized covered international The and with the the the and to CAUTION and of the reach of heavy the the as specied. only the with the the when cleaning the or to the If or rechargeable) to the protective when There the (such as when with to to and
Victor AB and A/S the right to technical and instructional information without and responsibility what- or otherwise, or incurred with Victor AB A/S Copyright
Victor AB SE A/S DK