English,
C Please the the PDF and interactive Introduction and Shooting Selecting the memory with Tethered to with and batches of and Working with the STORAGE SETTINGS Cleaning Service and Technical PLEASE NOTE The the back to photo user CD and user cover: Christian
CFV! The based back built to the and functionality of from the with its of high performance, based using the interface plate mechanical and to the and It both and tethered options to of The back high of integration, and exibility to the professional photographer or highend Architecture: of its the photographer and the Building the of its Feedback technology, created Architecture (IAA), of feedback to the photographer to the shoot rather than the selection process. IAA and each the photographer immediately whether the red, or light The information recorded both the and the and easy to classify and the or the OLED high and bright sunlight, to allow IAA and photographers higher and exibility, of which the CFV It allowing with than the physical of DSLR The therefore and which high-end terms of without the interface: The CFV operated with straightforward interface with of one-button-click operations including: and info. Three of operation and portability and the professional photographer. CFV choice of CF or tethered operation with With these three operating and the photographer to to the of the hand, whether the or location.
3F RAW 3F of including and copyright, with The the the RGB the with to and the selective DNG customers with Photoshop and the the 3FR directly DNG NeGative), this to the professional photographer the The DNG to directly PhotoShop. This allows photographers to and eciently, reducing the downtime to and to reach the of including and copyright, with with the highest of the photographer. tethered operation and productivity to advanced The allows the photographer to and selection. the of the 3FR RAW the CFV. natively both and and to allow to free co-workers and the professional photographers, when tones, To this, its software. With the out-of-the-box without tones and other accurately. This instruction to please If hesitate to to You directly useability, as feedback to products. with the and technical from FORUM published with the photographic imagery featuring photographers from the to with inspiration! www.hasselblad.com of and technical information and further to the The of this only and as photographer. and to the the The there, to to
Introduction processing. and correction high-performance with of memory, graphics and operating the should include which to directly from the or To the compact-ash instead compact-ash recommended exibility. The CFV as 3FR or 3F which From and then the to DNG or TIFF or JPEG instead wish. The CFV includes the and and of both and platforms. Please the and the CFV (and from wherever If becomes from and allow to attempting to when the back cleaningthe CCD to connected to or from and of the where they tripped cover the the CFV when the
Protection cover CFV EL E-wipes Grey Card protective covers as as The CFV, with products, and of withstanding rough nevertheless and treated with from the to the CFV CFV CD and software CD, the items illustrated below included. If or then should immediately. Please purchase and the warranty Focusing CF-Flash (1GB) input EL
The back each of then these to the expected from the CFV back light the The from the then and as of three red, and which to RGB the to light three (red, and tion The CFV CCD (Charged type that light its each of which creates Each the to the three red, and Software then these as to the RAW, TIFF, JPEG The three of the recombined the to the The temporarily the CFV with CF or the Processing of these with the included software. the further The CFV to primarily. Please the further about the including the of connectivity to
The CFV and to untethered therefore to or to when and ate should when shoot. accomplished to or attaching and the back, to the The covered and therefore protected the IR when If to the section from the the protective cover. If scratch or the every the with least as as would The of cleaning or such action as certainly irreparably. the with when and The displayed of English, Spanish, or Chinese
buttons The OLED that bright, high- bright surroundings and The the graphical interface and when connected to back catch that the back ON /OFF the back. OLED and the bright light and from The buttons and the of the buttons, located the bottom-right and of the on-screen that to the the bottom-right the rating when when using the and the other button, as commands within the indicated the the through the the histogram overlay, screen o and full-screen.
Ready light Flashes yellow to that the back operation (such as and commands. when the back ready. back CCD and IR This the light-sensitive which permanently mounted IR Usually, this assembly the or protected the cover. to or scratch the of the when and to the whenever the back mounted WARNING: to the the CCD Cleaning the CCD section with ELD or with Battery supplied) 7.2V InfoLithium type NP-F550 or SELECTION (to the the acts as selection when batches, SELECTION (to the the You to to once and nally to and batches and acts as selection the (OK) This through the three thereby assigning to the rently displayed (or selected) the of the Architecture The based the of (yellow) and red. acts as (OK of operations, such as indicated the the and the Navigation four-way to through and the To the of the that to what to right or back catch the mounted back the the IN PC C to back the input OUT back to the syncronization when the PC C already (as OUT Allows the to or The back whereas the or Battery catch mounting of battery. CF cover Protects EL to CW or EL (supplied). back
with products, that and preferably with when tethered to CAUTION If the back, to or scratch the while exposed. the protective cover or the back The CFV from the (7.2V InfoLithium type NP-F550 or from FireWire To battery: Firstly, the and the as the Press the the This the catch. the the the the the battery. The catch to the To battery: the catch and the It then freely the the the back and the USB the ON OFF With or when tethered to the ON/OFF to the back. heard and splash appear the OLED. The back the to the battery. Press the ON/OFF to the back o. heard to this.
Shooting/image The CFV three Untethered Compact this the CFV acts of other the internal, compact-ash The with this the freedom of and The with this the the and the of the holding capacity. Please that the recommended of CF or Professional Other reduced Semi-tethered This to the to The and high-speed It lightweight, and easily to the as as the untethered option. The with this the of that without The with this the and that might Tethered This to CFV directly to and to the software and The with this the and to the (with The with this the of to Selecting the choice to concerning where the initially The the location to which and from which using the the selected automatically, connected to then directly to the connected compact-ash then this selected. from and attached both and then to explicitly to its and to There of selecting the Selecting the the to the to the top which shows connected and then the and batch. and Batches information about selecting and batches this
memory shooting to compact-ash the CFV completely self-contained. or to tached. The CFV shipped with 1GB compact-ash which to shots. to the the of each thereby aecting the of the You purchase possibly larger-capacity, and them as each becomes that the the of its to when attached. This to and then clear the to shooting. section the CF cover to the CF the CF that the the with the facing the as the Gently the the If might because the backwards or the completely the cover Removing With the CF the and then release It from its as the Press the to the with There the internal CF or when mounted, to the Working with and Batches). with The optional It photography, and high-speed It light and You easily to the nearly as as the stand-alone the and the This with the CFV. the with CFV.
To with the CFV, as its and the with (IEEE the To the the The back then to and the internal Tethered to shoot while connected, the to each to though might instead compact-ash and/or or directly. Connecting to To to from the to the the of the CFV. The the CFV protected cover. Removing from To the from the when activity nished. Shooting with connected to the following apply: The and location from The and the CFV disabled. The CFV from the (please that supply notably PC initiating from the to the CFV, which the and ash/strobe lights The CFV then the back the to the where displayed the and as 3F the currently selected of the 3F It the exactly as the technical that to and the correctly. It furthermore history of the that to each and such as photographer, copyright, from the or the 3FR the 3F If to then directly to DNG or other and Photoshop, Please to the Software Reference further instructions about
ISO White and the the CFV to or the the MENU ISO White The four items immediately indicated the appearance of and the highlight the the buttons. and and therefore further It to through this section of the initially to of the with its sections On the following of the philosophy the its and and of the function while others function. the leads through the the that the arrowhead trates. The in/out though, as and reducers as as buttons, to where the capacity (Shots The the shown when first turn the and the It of and information about the and the Several other including histogram, full-screen and Please Furthermore, the to the and Working with the
Introductory of access, and choice. The to and branches within the tree the reach the where choice to The OK or SELECTION then to choice. the MENU the appears. The highlights where the Press the and the to and the You to the ther the the or the EXIT/MENU The to further the indicated the arrowhead the Press the right arrow the to the of the reach the of choice (this might PLUS and MINUS to the right the round the You then the /SELECTION tons to of choices. the the the ISO shown. the appear and then back to both the as as the to the the of ISO Pressing the EXIT/MENU then the the the the of batch of the /SELECTION buttons as as the You then choice with the OK or to the previous the EXIT/ MENU sections information.
Shortcuts To the back shortcuts to of the commonly commands that otherwise the front These The following shortcuts Press and indicated. To the Architecture Select the and then and the To MAIN MENU To the overexposure Press and the to (or its overexposed areas. this the following of (as to and The the than others and involved. The following of the The English, Spanish, and Chinese. To choose of the as follows: Press the MENU/EXIT Press the NAVIGATOR and to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the SETTINGS Press the NAVIGATOR to the USER INTERFACE Press ZOOM to choose guage this Spanish). Press the MENU/EXIT and holding of the buttons or These where this them to the or to the
Working with and batches With CF (or CF or with batch) created the captured. More batches created whenever choose and You should them straight though as they required) when they with batches to as They function the following batch, assign to from compact-ash each batch as the to that aects batch. from the batch. You batches using the of the back front The OLED shows the which each batch created. Please that each the created batch only. You other batch to and batches The with and batch This the location which the and the location which the the front There of selecting the and/or batch: the and buttons of the front This to existing batch and therefore when only type of attached. This the below. the MAIN MENU of the to choose This when than attached both and this function, to the recently created batch from the select. Please Selecting the of this
The MEDIA this CF and and there- connected. The around the CF that to the CF and the This the The BATCH The around the that the Batch You the branching o the selected item each the to batch, Conversely, back of the each the Batch Normal to to further Medium-type (Compact Flash) Medium-type Batch of and currently the and shots the batch the batch created of and the batch
To the and batch the Press the repeatedly the the top If with the then through the following to there: Four-thumbnail Nine-thumbnail Batch The shows of currently nected to the back. there Each shows and To the right of the of three coloured parentheses. These the of of each and red) that currently that that shows then that of yellow and If than listed, then and to highlight the to The currently selected shows Press the to the currently high- lighted of batches this appears. Each batch shows and the which ated. with the the of of each that each batch. with and to highlight the batch to The currently selected batch shows Press the to the currently high- lighted batch. The nine-thumbnail of selected batch appears. Creating batches You of batches each To batch, selected the and and then the MAIN MENU STORAGE BATCH of the to the batch. Creating
Architecture The Architecture to classify as as them. It supplying feedback, which instantly whether each correctly or to or underexposed. Thereafter, the to assign each of three Though the the (based the light tion) that should assign the as follows: GREEN shots. YELLOW AMBER that inspection. RED that should used. Please when the to shots. You shooting then to Please the actions of (or clicking) the ton to the and and holding to the One of the of photography to that to shoot that to shoot Photographers therefore to when shooting assigning as to through and when back to The of with the Architecture as follows: The the to to or underexposed. If suspects the following: feedback this option chosen) sound, which immediately to the The warning sound of the the as overexposed or conversely of the the as Downgrades the to to
that the warning though they to You should these as If detected, then the with If to as as and as technically as automatically! through shots, the of each and whether should or each based its appearance the You apply to, when to or to only to of each that with the the as might and the and then to the and then, nally, the as that the that the to assign or of the warning. when assigning the becomes Reading and the The of each indicated the indicated coloured the bottom-right of the Each that its with A A0000043); (yellow) with B B0000043); and (red) with C. of this to them to the the and/or coloured as the four-thumbnail or nine-thumbnail easily the of each of them. To the of the currently displayed/selected the the shown. that the to as which that (though they there). Browsing below, about to with the when assigning the becomes Browsing You the to which that only as batch (or both and or red, The indicated as illustrated. there, they shown the Also, the of the the the to and
then to yellow that shown the There to of this the to Then through each and whether of them should to or red. If of the to and then through to the to only Then through to least of each that There to the Press and the to shown the the MAIN MENU of the the There to including one-at-a-time and batch, and/or the or batch from which to and then the MAIN MENU STORAGE to specify the of the to You choose to from the selected batch or red- and yellow-status from the selected batch or from the selected batch or MAIN MENU each of the tions. the outlined the CFV normally to that basic and yellow to that the this behaviour You the following as of the warning. yellow of the warning. of this feedback to this option chosen). the MAIN MENU BROWSE to this the
of and copying The OLED to inspect while on-location. The full-screen high-magnication of thumbnails and including histogram and the the showing the the and batch. each the shows of the To the of the batch, the and right arrows of the Choosing the batch the from the batch the To another batch, to to the batch or and then the and about to the and/or batch. Browsing It to the to of or from the batch. You this, to of red- to them or to of yellow-status to whether they should to or the the they there. Architecture about to and the and illustrated below, the to of You furthermore the to and batches and Batch Normal to to further The than You therefore the to inspect To this: or
or or to the to with the Press the to The to both and thumbnail that includes the of the currently shown. You the following as the to the to inspect of the further the back the nished, and the to to the thumbnails of each preview, to four or the once. them to of and to shots. To the thumbnails, with the and the once to four thumbnails or to thumbnails, the selected shows selected, the or using MAIN MENU STORAGE MAIN MENU STORAGE and to the thumbnails when than shown. If to the nine-thumb to the batch and then to the You this to the and batch browsing and with and
Choosing the You the to through the The preview: shows surrounded of shows with histogram. and shows with both histogram and Battery o the the and preview: shows the only, with or information. To through the the the front The as the sub-sections below. of the the or to the thumbnails, the to showing the which shows information about the and around the to the however, then to last-selected that the which preview, to back To the button. with the You through the the
The The the shown when turn the It features of and basic information about the back and the the histogram The histogram that the of each brightness with from the to white the right. It well-exposed usually of while and overexposed to the or right of the respectively. histogram that the with the histogram that the There the indicating highlights and this often C histogram that the right with the highlights The histogram that should interpretedthere ations which histogram match that the (and C of the histo- and, the background, of the The with the to them the to and archive.
shortcut There the and o. To and the as would or this the back the thereby You the while shooting this (which activates the the the and buttons You turning the brightness and/or of the the of the MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE DISPLAY Other to include time-out and/or time-out (each of these MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE to MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE DISPLAY Timeout to of the USER INTERFACE and about these Full-Screen full-screen without distracting surrounding them. the shown full-screen the This from assigning the without Though the histogram shows when of overexposed, which ones. with bright areas, to know whether the of bright or completely overexposed. To them, the back overexposure which shows precisely which of overexposed that brightness, thereby the overexposure the overexposed from to white. To or the overexposure the MAIN MENU SETTINGS USER INTERFACE Overexp entry.
shortcut There To and then and the the The CFV to of the following the currently selected only. from the batch from the from the batch from the red- or yellow-status from the batch red- or yellow-status from the Another of to as Red. this the option while) of while allowing the to the as the You to each operation. about to the to or please MAIN MENU STORAGE Copying to To the compact-ash to the back to and then which the process. Connecting to the about to to Another to to to the compact-ash from the back and compact-ash connected to Compact Memory Cards about to and the The CFV function as CF transference. MAIN MENU SETTINGS> Interface that to connected the to the with and then copying the using the or MAIN MENU STORAGE Copy to The CFV to the shooting to the internal and then to with this the exibility of shooting without with the capacity of the internal the to the clear the and to shooting. from the If to or to free then MAIN MENU STORAGE MAIN MENU STORAGE
Working with the The those that to often as assignment. It that to other of which Entry white) and yellow Selected entry. The and that the and buttons to the right arrow, the right- arrow the to the (or, the To to the the MENU the then the of the the to through the items and the buttons to the selected The and include both and/or that the they their to the To the tor )buttons to the option that the they to another or right-pointing arrowhead instead of To the arrowheads and of the to the and then the right of the to There of back to the the arrowhead of the that or the to or command). The arrowhead shown as EXIT) and to the and then the shown inactive) (shown and
of the
Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS Press to the USER INTERFACE Press the to choose this Press the MENU/EXIT to the ISO You to the light of the back to match ISO rating The light the this when and/or The ISO rating to or To the ISO: Select the MAIN MENU ISO This the top of the top selected when the the about to this the to through the ISO the shown. Either to another the ton or the to the and that the of the CCD ISO Higher ISO as higher ISO becomes It recommended that the lowest ISO the lighting or or
There White to choose from. sunlight. weather. locations of sunlight. when using typical when lighting. when shooting White this to the white with the and to the preview. To white Select the MAIN MENU White entry. The displayed the about to this the to through the white the shown. to another using the ton or the to the and Please that white only. The temporary reasons and aects the which further processing. The where back and which the type of availablethe internal compact-ash attached and or then to switch them. If selected than batch then the batch selected when the the recently created. To the to which to and from which to previous shots: Press the MENU and to the MEDIA the to through the the to shown. to another the ton, or: Press the MENU to the and that the and while This to batch as from to batch to thumbnails to and about this or or
shortcut There one-button the To and click!) the ton the appears. Browsing then only the with that classication. The the to through to their You the following choices: of the the batch, of their This the Red: from the batch. These that You might these to and/or to that to shots. from the batch. These that or that manually assigned to warning. Yellow: and yellow-status red-status These that to or information about the please Architecture To the the Select the MAIN MENU entry. The the to through the options selected the to Either to another the ton or the to the and The appearance of the Empty that there with that or
the STORAGE STORAGE This section transference, organization, and related
MAIN MENU STORAGE The with from the to or and batches You the or yellow) assigned to The item the The of the to the them immediately necessary and thereby There to from batch from of red) from batch or DELETE this to from batch four To From (which the to to the four-thumbnail this the button to the to thumbnails, the selected coloured around the selected the currently shown. (You from or from thumbnail Select MAIN MENU STORAGE Press to the You shown of the selected and to the Press OK You to the Notice that the and the batch the three to another the or the to the shortcut There one-button To and then and the the or
from batch To from selected batch: Starting the Select MAIN MENU STORAGE the about to this to the the to select: This the batch the batch yellow/red batch yellow and the batch batch the batch from batch. or
Press OK to the To without EXIT You to the Either to another the or Press the EXIT to the from batches from selected
from selected To once: Starting the the three to to the of and to the from which to You from batches that that both each shows of three coloured parentheses to the right of the These the of of each yellow and red) that the that shows then the of yellow (unclassied) and Select MAIN MENU STORAGE the about to this Press to the You the that to from the selected that of the that the tion. and to Yellow or Then to the selected You to the To the to the to and then the to the To the to or the to the to and then the to You to the Either to another the or Press the EXIT to the
FORMAT The back to and write to that or arrive without or might to that currently that the read. Each compact-ash that the back as below, the back already to This the back to the eciently. The back of formatting type of connected to including and this, the You the the of This than using the function, as from batches To If than type of compact-ash and then select- the to the of the Selecting the MAIN MENU STORAGE Format the about to this Press the to the Format Card You to the operation. To the OK This the and the To the EXIT You to the STORAGE Either to another the or the EXIT to the
COPY Usually, from connecting the to and using might to from to or allowing to the and shooting when with the the CARDXXX, where XXX that with each operation CARD001 the CARD002 the Previous therefore than of them). Within each CARD each batch. You the back to this the to to the This the from the this manually to the To from the compact-ash to to the to the CFV and then. Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and the Copy Press to the Copy If attached, then this If than attached, then to the From to entry. Then the ton to the of the to to. Finally, to back to the entry. With the selected, the operation. To the to the to and then the OK to the To the EXIT to or the to the to and then the OK to If chose to then the CFV the of the operation, which You the and holding the STOP button. You to the STORAGE Either to another the or the EXIT to the or
BATCH Batches to They to the Batch of the STORAGE each to batch. information about batches, please Working with and To batch: Press the MENU button. Press to and the Press and then to and Batch Press to the Batch The batch with which with each batch. Following this which assign to the batch to To the and to of the the to the currently selected or the found the the Press the OK to the batch with the selected. You to the BATCH Either to another the or the EXIT to the that the batch. It to batches. or
DEFAULT APPR. LEVEL The Architecture to ate and each based the assigns each based of the of the factory the of each assigned as follows: The to correctly. The to or under-exposed. might choose instead to this and assigned as or yellow, of the typical to to and then of the and only the to At the might the to Architecture about with the To the assigned to each Press the MENU Press to and the Press and then to and Appr. Press to the Appr. the to through the the to or shown. Either to another the ton or the EXIT to the and or
SETTINGS There of the heading which Interface the USER INTERFACE
MAIN MENU SETTINGS Interface the Interface the the back interacts to and of It includes and of the USER INTERFACE The interface includes both and The following The displayed of This to the To the charge of the battery, the back to of inactivity. The exactly the as though the o the Once the CFV this to to this (this the to and to establish the timeout and Down. Overexp. This to of that exposed. this the highlight each overexposed white and this to On to the to to Sound The CFV feedback to know each correctly. This This (choose High, and Click (choose On and and Warning (choose On and The CFV internal clock that of the and This infor- mation to each with the and which It to batches with the which each batch created. This the Timeout seconds the which computer.When the timeout reached, the turned o, the back to of the buttons. the timeout and Down. This the of of the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of of You using This the Brightness of the This the shown the Usually, should this to the of however and/or with of to increase or this of brightness; of brightness. You
the options the Interface Each of the and immediately the or buttons while Sound, and another to choice. Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS Press to the USER INTERFACE and to the entry. Press the to the the of and or Press to Sound, and Press the MENU/EXIT to the and the or
503CW CW MAIN MENU SETTINGS with the CFV without the CF FlexBody (with the and used. The the CFV the of The and this the that from through this should with the of to seconds If the input the PC and the CFV which allows to the of while to than second. This allows the of the the below the and the change. Dont to the CW with CW CW If to the from the the CFV and the CW as the the ELD with ELD ELD choosing the the The seconds however. the CAMERA
EL EL EL EL ELD The EL (supplied) should connected. the function (A or AS should the the EL (supplied) to the the hous- of the EL It attached to the CFV the as battery, and the then attached to the as the ELX with 500EL/ELM and 500/553ELX ELX The EL (supplied) should connected. including the function correctly without to the the EL (supplied) to the the hous- of the EL It attached to the CFV the as battery, and the then to the as the with with where achieved and accordingly light this the CFV the (as as other the The back the START (MENU/EXIT) or from section of with (together with FlexBody or with The input (supplied) should connected to the including the function correctly without to the SWC with SWC and SWC SWC PLEASE NOTE: to the mechanical of the SWC, pressing the release too with Either the distinctly or alternatively the from SWC to and the to the to the CFV. with and together with or these three cable-free with the CFV. Please further information) input should used. including the function correctly without to the
with 500C/CM, 501C/CM and There the amount of tion the opening/closing the This corrective the to the from the The and should only encountered. This should cable-free than second, that matches the the The from to seconds the The ELD This the as and with or the of the where the of such section Initial the amount of to the the amount of each Count: the of required. CAMERA and options Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the and to SHUTTER DELAY or EXPOSURE TIME Press the to Press the EXIT to the and or to or
Connectivity CFV than second, input input C/CM C/CM SWC SWC/M SWC SWC 202FA/203 FE TCC FCC With type and CF type to ELD included CW of CW CW CW EL/ELM of EL/ ELM and ELX ELX included ELX FC FCM FCW FE TCC FCC With C type FlexBody with
CAPTURE SEQUENCE Proceed as follows: Press the MENU to the and to the SETTINGS Press to the SETTINGS and to CAMERA Press to the CAMERA Press the Press or to EXPOSURE TIME. Press Press to CAPTURE SEQUENCE. Press to the CAPTURE SEQUENCE or to PINHOLE or to
to INITIAL DELAY Press the This the amount of that the the Press to DELAY. Press This the amount of each the Press to COUNT. Press This the of the Press OK to the The CFV ready that the MENU/EXIT START instead: Press START to the that the MENU/EXIT displays STOP. The this and the or to DELAY or or to COUNT
MAIN MENU SETTINGS The MISCELLANEOUS Selecting interface The interface the the appear to when You the following choices: The to as the this that when the which then and them to 3F The to as This that which to, and using the operating the OS or the To the interface the back to operat- Select the MAIN MENU SETTINGS MISCELLANEOUS Interface entry. The shown the about to this the to through the the interface to or shown. Either to another the ton or the EXIT to the and the MISCELLANEOUS or
The About Occasionally, release to the internal of the back (this These and/or features. You from technical and when this to know the and of back. To this Select MAIN MENU SETTINGS MISCELLANEOUS About the or about to this Press to the About which shows the and reading the information, the EXIT to to the MISCELLANEOUS to another using the ton or the EXIT to the
MAIN MENU SETTINGS The DEFAULT back to the factory To Select the MAIN MENU SETTINGS DEFAULT entry. Press the OK and then the EXIT to
The CFV together with or attached to 503CW, the TTL function with the CFV. the of should when and tethered to stationary the to the (or the of and the to the This when when: tethered to connected to electricity supply or tethered to or With type and tethered to If the CWD tethered to that connected to electricity supply as as ash/strobe that connected to electricity supply then the following instead: the input from the (PC the to the IN the back. the from the OUT the back to that connected to the TTL function 503CW TTL function with the 503CW. The reective characteristics of the to characteristics which the TTL function originally tricking) the TTL Proceed as follows: the ISO the 503CW that becomes higher than the ISO the CFV. Therefore, when the back 50ISO, the the should 160ISO, and Testing the that recommended. the and
Cleaning the of the that might touching Cleaning the CCD If or coloured or then to the of backs (IR) the of to the of the IR thorough cleaning, or wipes. cleaning, follow below. WARNING: to the from the front of the the CCD If to the IR and CCD, please cleaning electricity that built touching the back housing. While the catch depressed, the catch to the right. The top of the back released (while the and from the Clean the of IR with If this enough, then of the outlined below. If cleaned the of the then the back of the IR or the CCD This the factory. reattaching the back to the the catch and the catch to the right. that the back Cleaning the HAMA Cleaning and recommends HAMA Cleaning the the IR of inches), that the the as thin, enough. If apply too the to the
the the and then apply to the as the to match the of the IR might or three (to to the that the coated outwardsdo the other as than Gently the the of the or three to the evenly. the only once. the with the as might reapply the Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning with E-wipes individually Tear the notch to the from its and without the to match the of the IR Apply or three the of the to with the motion. of the as to reapply the Finally the IR properly cleaned inspection or mounting the back to the and If further cleaning cleaning Cleaning the housings If the back becomes other Clean with cloth lightly with only. allow to or
EQUIPMENT CARE and of the reach of heavy the the as specied. the with the CFV. the when cleaning the or to If or rechargeable) to the protective when There the (such as when with to to and injury. to the CFV. the protective cover when the back mounted the with that the or of the CFV the CFV and other from If CFV becomes from and allow to to cover the the CFV when to the IR from the front of the this the If to the and IR please and and Allow the to whenever to the such as as Service and and from to from and physical to the CFV. of protective or sought and should to theft. it and cover should professional users. SERVICE to service and to reliability. GUARANTEE that bought from authorized covered international The and with the CFV. the the and to DISPOSAL If to of the CFV, and/or please the recycling or
Technical specications Product factor with Shooting GB CF Software IR ISO Battery IAA Architecture Acoustic back 3F RAW (3FR) or 3F CF type II GB with tethered shooting (included) 3FR to DNG RGB OLED type, inch, Mounted CCD seconds SONY InfoLithium L, to hours of shooting capacity Included, with: OSX PC: NT, XP from CFV input might to C
The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as Victor AB A/S. Victor AB A/S responsibility or or that appear this Victor AB A/S or or incurred or as of software or products. and of Victor AB A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. OS and of Apple Computer, Inc. InfoLithium of Corporation. Victor AB A/S Copyright rights
Victor AB SE Product A/S DK