QI-WINTV-HVR1250-V1A Works, Inc. Works, Inc. Telephone: NY www.hauppauge.com of the with AAA only) with only) CD-ROM with: with SoftPVR What ATSC TV, and the HVR-1250 ATSC TV over-the-air TV North America. ATSC TV typically reception, and currently with TV stations. ATSC TV NOT TV or TV. HVR-1600 TV. You TV they the clear clear QAM). ATSC TV from which to TV, to high which about the of TV. ATSC TV than TV and CD sound. TV built-in, which and TV or ATSC TV. It PC or CPU TV PC The of high ATSC and the smoothness of high TV PC or Other PC that CPU might the of ATSC TV. and of of CPU which temporarily other The ATSC TV reception, and within of ATSC (reception might such as the ATSC TV reception, top or Highgain recommended. the U.S., ATSC found Top CFG Snapshot Snapshot each thumbnail to and right to Snapshot TV Click right to the as clear QAM with Therefore, the these with numbers. the might This that this clear QAM where include with this Not QAM QAM those which without the clear) watched. TV If to TV To TV Sources highlight and To TV Sources highlight Clear QAM and To ATSC TV Sources highlight ATSC and the TV the and the detected. Other to If to or Sources Choose Source, ATSC or clear QAM You of Click the Click the to You the to the of the station. To AFT and then the finished, You clicking the or the You type or and to that If the You right the TV where of the TV You the of the and the to the TV the TV TV appear PC finished TV right If with around the Pref then TV the which Allow change. the To switch off the and the cover. The of PC instructions the PC cover. ote: PC this contacting the earthed chassis of PC, or the free Unscrew and the plate which covers the back of the the the and screw the cover plate to the PC. the cover. Connecting the and IR You the leads to the You to the S- or or Left/Right TV TV and clear QAM or TV ATSC TV. input: (RCA) input or the to Left/right input: input using from the of Connecting the Remote the the Remote Connector the round the of the where the This normally the front of PC. Always-on-Top Top allows to top of applications. To the top It turn To off, this to Always-on-Top to the TV the and the TV the title Then switch from to clicking the right title Click right the TV to Click to toolbars. To the (No-title Click right the the To the (the title once right the You the of the each Pref Click the Pref to the Preferences Record These the the On of the TV and the and (TV where the and SoftPVR. You the directory (DVCR Record Path), the MPEG Quality and the Snapshot: the of and motion or VMR the graphics to snapshot. Color: the of TV Click the to the TV the TV and other the TV (scanning, MPEG TV A/V To from and from top such as TV receiver, VCR, TV top to the input or input and the input the sound. To the A/V the and Sources To the or highlight the and then the Format from the NTSC the commonly North Select to finish. Then To the and to through TV, and The A/V the of the TV Connector or TV Remote input Left/Right input the the the CD-ROM CD-ROM the New and software Click If which about searching Dont search Click Next Click Software Installation To the software installation, then type CD- ROM D:\) and then Chose and Next Once the finished the It the the and Can and to the The the first To the the top. the first Would to Click YES Choose TV to TV both and clear QAM TV If choose both over-the-air ATSC TV and scaned. Click the Scan and The about The ATSC from to Click right the to of which scanned. You the clicking Sources and then chosing ATSC or clear QAM The ATSC TV that found appear the The the as the broadcaster. The created the ATSC each might the that would as would Watch, and TV TV Record Clicking the Record the Record to and recording. Click the to the Playback Recording TV with the recording clear QAM and ATSC TV, the recording the as the TV of the TV These recordings amount of the TV transmitted the highest ATSC the recording of hour of recording. recording TV using SoftPVR, the DVD MPEG-2 typically hour. Record and Playback Recording TV Click the Record the to the Record and recording TV Clicking the Record while recording Click the Record once and the recording TV, PC or and SoftPVR to the recording. The recording DVD. To the directory to recordings and to the recording the Pref and then ATSC recording the the TV there other recording counter the specified Hour:Minute:Second Stop: Clicking the Stop the recording or back. Clicking the playback from the created. replay or the the Clicking the while Clicking the the Clicking the the of the Clicking the 2X Clicking the
8X Clicking the back motion Clicking the Motion the to motion. Clicking the Motion the to playback Playback TV recordings Click the the to the Playback the recorded: the would to highlight with of the and Then recorded To the once with right and then type the MPG the recorded which Click right the once, the and Clicking the playback from the created. replay or using the the Clicking the while The Remote (optional The software the of the You the Remote the The shortcut to IR.EXE to the group, that IR.EXE every booted. TV If to the IR from the directory. Record Please the following trying to this option: Remote back Infrared-Receiver nected to the IR of the WinTV-Card software The IR the To the GO and appear. the and to and OK to select. Remote buttons TV when closed, this the Once this TV or back to TV-in-a-window. button: recording using the the Pref If TV receiver, VCR, TV top then to the input or input and the input the sound. A/V the and Sources To the or highlight the and then the Format from the ote: BGHIDK the commonly NTSC the North America Select to finish. Then Selecting (VCR, Click the and buttons to through TV, and Troubleshooting and software found FAQ found Decoding high ATSC TV CPU graphics with least of memory and the graphics from the the Typically or with graphics of memory to properly ATSC TV PC. AMD tested the of the CPU ATSC and of the CPU when ATSC the highest ATSC or graphics memory might required. or and TV formance with TV or caused things PC or CPU which the ATSC TV enough, and graphics which with the high of ATSC TV. the performance of the graphics the of ATSC TV. graphics performance: the graphics graphics to performance, the built-in graphics the Microsoft to the graphics TV, the record/play and the recording, this the to record. If back this the playback. Click the to the recording or playback. If the recorded. the record, or buttons: TV to directly numbers. back recording, the to the of the of the recording. holding the the about seconds the depressed. back and holding the back the back about every seconds the depressed. the Allows to the the and right arrows to to other Record this the TV and the record/playback If TV this the and and with Subtitle closed off TV, or off Sub/CC Application on/off Checking the function of IR Remote Remote IR.EXE every booted. You Remote the To the operation, the the the TV the Remote seconds the should flash, indicating that the Remote the Remote flashes, the Subtitle buttons computers, the the graphics to graphics performance: Primary.exe to the of graphics TV This other Primary.exe found the group. The Force Primary. Force to the TV the graphics memory. It CPU often tops. Snapshot Force Primary To graphics then Click Allow VMR and The Allow VMR allow graphics to graphics VMR7. If this or then graphics graphics this Click Force then found ATSC If known TV when scanning, TV to the You or high to ATSC tor: Black when selecting ATSC when selecting ATSC that the This often to reception. found ATSC Uninstalling the and the hcwclear.exe from the CD. OK appear and once the software If the of the installation. This caused to the Uninstall the software (as and then follow the instructions from If this the to and the type these The to the TV If the too or there something the which might this the VGA to VGA You might to the of Colors notch. Conflicts with found that previously of with the Symptoms hear to cant MPEG without and others. Uninstalling this You through the You to DVD MediaPlayer, the installation MediaPlayer DVD player. allows to the recording of TV shows. once closed, and the the and to the installation, found the to the chosen to specifying TV and of to record. To or recording, and the The items that to each to to the Click the hour to the the to the It about to the and recording. to to the to this to the this to another Source selection: to the the and the selection: chose of Recording options: Record to to this to TV the You to record, the below. Once these You clicking each finished The to the Schedular to If about seconds to and to the recording of TV. Reception or Not detecting TV reception the of TV 'roof-top' there TV reception. Also, TV, HRC used. If CABLE (HRC) instead of the Broadcast/Cable the the sound to the TV, and playback. The the and lowering the WaveOut the sound FCC/CE Interference The products tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the the the and receiver, the outlet from that to which the connected, the or FCC ID: H90WINTV CE This tested and with EN EN and IEC CAUTION: or the to the FCC the authority to the UL with the instructions should that the should grounded (earthed) with ANSI/NFPA the National (NEC), Section Grounding of Conductive of This the instructions with the third of the CSA that the grounded to protection and built charges.