The of Instruction
please the following to that cooking and If provided. toxic and serious or death. charcoal or charcoal with charcoal lighter to or and from the or other highly to charcoal. children or to within of ashes completely and extinguished. wear clothing with flowing while lighting or the high winds. (charcoal, the the while using the Powder-Coated warranty warranty and workmanship warranty year warranty and workmanship warranty warranty and workmanship WA and the the of the while lighting and the started. the cooking or charcoal or the to they or should to while the fire or the with heat- To extinguish the fire and To the and, necessary, the fire and and from the of the to the cooking or ashes the finish. cleaners the cooking or the the
of History. Assembly Instructions Suburban/Continental/Legacy/Gourmet Caring Started. Tips. Trouble Shooting Common What Charcoal? Instruction
owner, Congratulations and to the family. that pleased with to purchase the charcoal-burning Whether seasoned or fired-up, the following with helpful tricks, and to included of to them as as sincerely business and to of cooking Please hesitate to or about The of to hear from
the first Charcoal of the of the the industry. Specifically, introduced the first the first hooded and of cooking indirect heat. the intensity of heat using heat and firebox, the which food cooked. acknowledgment of Charcoal attracted of the years. selected the State to the United States the Worlds the and the Chicago of and Industry. The from food and industry critics the country. from to the Champion of the American City (known as the World of Cookoffs), Doug and his Heats Neat team, to of their award-winning Though the years, the basic of Charcoal unchanged. and They the tradition of the charcoal-burning the the cooking that which other the to and with such ease and perfection. Each constructed hand from the highest-quality With and finish, to to years (or expected to years, charcoal to thanks to owners who others about their hope the tradition with others. Instruction History
VENTLESS HOOD hinged cook with the or closed. The of the which to foods which and the of foods). The function of to the heat and that around cooks the heat instead of to the meat. DUAL DRAFT VENTS with the fire and Hasty- with the to the fire The located the fire below the fire The located the fire the of the the the of the instead of the which allows foods to cooked heat. Conversely, that the heat and HEAT DEFLECTOR The heat which the fire (when with the to to cook The heat function to heat throughout the cooking without exposing food to the fire and to becomes and food the the heat to properly, the to than of the fire the right which the of the fire to the fire and the heat top of the fire the to the heat when using cooking with heat FULL-WIDTH FIRE DOOR On easy and allows the fire and to cleaning. The fire easy to the heat or when necessary. the fire easy to the fire cooking or that foods to from the the the of the (below the as while cooking and when
ASH PAN completely clean easy. the fire pulled to the to catch the charcoal ashes and that through the fire To reduce and to clean-up that the with heavy-duty COOKING GRILLS cooking constructed of heavy clean, cooking The V-shaped, allowing grease to flow to the of the cooking and properly through the grease GREASE DRAIN SYSTEM The cooking of the grease and to off of the follow the V the of the cooking the grease and the to the grease Typically, when the closed and the heat grease If or food with the and the heat might You them closing the and seconds. ADJUSTABLE FIRE BOX COOKING STYLE INDICATOR The of fire mechanically or Turning the crank clockwise the fire to the sear cooking of Turning the crank counterclockwise lowers the fire to cooking turning the crank counterclockwise and the fire the cooking or of the information about the heat with the fire The cooking the front of the to the and about the of the fire. cooking of the fire. the fire (instead of the cooking or the cooking the fire This when cooking or both. THERMOMETER to within this thermometer cooking Instruction
Assembly Instructions Suburban/Continental/Legacy/Gourmet should arrive assembled. items ease of or vehicles. The to and there assembly: screwdriver and wrench. If assembling please 1-800-4AN-OVEN. CRANK HANDLE Screw the crank threaded the of the (the of the the fire and to the and GREASE CUP HOLDER the grease to the of the the top or mounting located the of the directly below the The and lockwasher should already attached to the base. the to the (These to mount the should purchase the grease the and the to around the GREASE DRAIN ROD the grease the The should with the notched the which located the of the and directly the fire the right of the the to properly, DO NOT the the the base. The of the without the notched through the the of the and the the of the PUSH HANDLE The fits located the of the This friction rotating the the the both the completely. with the four lockwashers, and the If with the first. Once the the back NOTE: and with this DO NOT the HOOD HANDLE the with the and lockwashers the
COOKING GRILLS The cooking the top of the front and back with V facing FIRE GRATE the fire the of the fire FIRE BOX The fire the the which located the the ASH PAN The each of the base. HEAT DEFLECTOR The heat and the the fire It the of the fire or and chosen cooking NOTE: If the fire to the highest (sear) with the heat the grease FRONT WORK TABLE The front the front of the base. The and the or the the cover to Instruction
FIESTA Grease fire Heat 6.Thermometer 7.Ash PORTABLE completely assembled, to the cooking the The fire to or slightly the fire or heat from the to periodically. fire Heat 5.Ash
Constructed hand, each the highest- to performance, and durability. With and basic finish, to to years (or expected to LINE YOUR ASH PAN WITH ALUMINUM FOIL. This easy and the ashes and increasing the of AVOID EXCESSIVE HEAT. that operating high the and other of and the warranty. DONT FORCE THE CRANK HANDLE IF IT IS TOO TIGHT. the crank smooth operation. If the turn, If there and the threads lubricated, then to the heat the sear the heat the grease LOWER YOUR FIRE BOX AFTER EACH USE. The heat build-up from cooking the to to cool PROTECT YOUR INVESTMENT. the of to to of the covered or of covers cover screened with the of NOTE: cover while the and cover. Instruction TIPS FOR CLEANING YOUR HASTY-BAKE Empty ashes to them the of the Also, to ashes that below the the Ashes creating reaction, which Scrape the grease cooking to the grease functioning efficiently and to and Scrape off grease the of the with to obstruction of grease of the fire heat which to grease fires. Clean the of 3M Scotch-Brite and such as to the of the coated finished cleaning which products and Clean the and applying or another cleaner. Allow the to or and off build-up with
Charcoal than allowing to and the DIRECT COOKING Direct cooking foods directly with the or closed. This searing, or The fire to the highest ("sear" the cooking or to inches below the cooking The heat should when this cooking that the meat turned cook the that directly the fire. If to cook the cooking light the as instructed and then them the fire the red. INDIRECT COOKING Indirect cooking cooking with heat only, instead of fire. This roasting or The fire usually of the or the cooking with the heat the Food of the while cooking with this or the cooking based the fire to inches below the cooking as the fire fire to when indirect to fire about to hours throughout the cooking process.
COMBINATION COOKING Combination cooking cooking foods directly the while cooking other foods the of the fire. The fire should the highest ("sear" the cooking or to inches below the cooking with the heat With the fire to of the fire cook corn, the from the fire while searing chops, directly the the that the closed and cooking foods should earlier than the foods. ROTISSERIE COOKING cooking and easily and cook without allows the heat and to around food. should to the cooking the cooking the food constantly throughout the cooking process. meat the and with the It to to that the meat or the of the cooking than those roasting or the indirect cooking To and from directly the fire, the the outer of the fire and beneath the meat to catch the The heat the back of the cooking the meat as rotates. Another option to the to of the fire with the heat This of indirect the self-basting. which rotated while cooking to self-basting, and therefore and Instruction
Started the and grease should from the top of the heat and the grease to grease fires. the fire the and fire approximately the charcoal charcoal) the fire The charcoal should the right of the fire only, with the top of the fire If to sear the cooking the charcoal the right and the fire the charcoal reached intensity. the fire back the the and the back the the crank the fire approximately inch the This allow the from the to through the charcoal the charcoal ignited. If charcoal, the fire should ignited to Should something other than Firelighters to type of lighter they the of foods! Once the thermometer and grease the cooking should to the and grease fires. NOTE: If grease fire should immediately the and fire to the fire. Charcoal Charcoal charred from and to light, this cooking or additives. charcoal burns and food and cooking to without the of Firelighters matches of with which completely to fire that and
CONTROLLING THE TEMPERATURE There basically three which the of You that factors such as humidity, and with of become the the following AMOUNT OF CHARCOAL The charcoal the higher the POSITION OF THE FIRE BOX the fire to the the cooking process) and the fire to the the cooking DUAL DRAFT VENTS Charcoal to burn. Therefore, the the the and closing the the TEMPERATURE GUIDELINES SMOKE or cooking with the closed and the food indirect heat covered with the heat usually the to BAKE with the closed and the food indirect heat covered with the heat the to SEAR Searing with the and the food directly the (without the heat heat intensity. The cooking reach as high as that the measured the thermometer the usually when USE OF WOOD CHUNKS You the of food with using or Both of often they and usually than chips. To the or least hour or to the cooking or and the directly the or top of the heat This release. directly the fire with the This burst of Following choosing the right the foods that to that the and greatly the to over-seasoning. and Apple and clean-flavored, and The the the the Cherry and fruity, with and other poultry. and other and seafood. and the basic It with Mellow, and with poultry, seafood and and with to with and with and choice Instruction
SUBURBAN AND LEGACY with or please that to the cooking which cooking Therefore, to cook food items while using the cooking and grease grease and the Mount grease and together. and of the the fire of the the outlet and when ready to CONTINENTAL AND GOURMET or the to cook without cooking However, the option to once. Should to the the instructions with the instructions below. Mount the located the of the and of the the fire pointed of the the outlet and turn when ready to
Troubleshooting Common What should grease fire Immediately the the and fire to the fire. grease and cooking with the heat reduce the chance of grease fires. What should fire to Charcoal to burn. the and fire should to fire or to charcoal to the fire the fire completely, and the and fire the fire, to relight the charcoal. charcoal should of the fire with charcoal. If to sear the the charcoal to the other reached the heat intensity. What charcoal when fire to smother the fire. You to the charcoal that the fire the How the heat There basically three to the of factors such as humidity, and become the using these Amount of charcoal The charcoal the higher the of the fire the fire to the and the fire to the to burn. the (and the fire to the and the to the Instruction
to pound Worcestershire (fresh onion seasoning or together meat and hours or other nonreactive or turning from and heat sear the the fire and the heat the to cooking with indirect heat. the or the and cook the internal reaches (approximately hour pound (Optional: At this the from the and to the meat back the with the and cook hours. from meat and Lime-Marinated with Chipotle Honey pounds of MARINADE chipotle (or to garlic, minced chopped (about honey or chipotles fresh garlic, minced ground chopped Freshly cracked to or together and and the to hours, turning occasionally. To Combine honey, chipotles, garlic, and Puree or food the chopped and and to and to heat, the to each the from the and to that the to the redistribute Serve the which should or top of each with of SAUCE
Aint Meat Loaf MEAT LOAF preferably or minced onion or chopped minced freshly ground pounds ground ground Worcestershire preferably or other to BASIC BEER MOP (OPTIONAL) ounces preferably or onion minced Worcestershire Willys Throne or other seasoning to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to heavy the heat. the onion, garlic, and and the the the and with the meat If to the meat, the together and heat. the or the meat from the of the Gently ease the meat of the and directly the cooking of the cooking the the internal reaches (approximately hours), every with the about of cooking apply of choice to the top of the meat the from the allow to and or Championship this heavily and cook indirect heat. ground onion ground Combine of the and to airtight the to or the to months. Instruction
breasts, with or without and bones ounce bottle of or seasoning or Worcestershire least hour and overnight (You and to breasts bone to indirect heat (the heat should the with of and Worcestershire bottle or with seasoning and to breasts to breasts to to cook. whole WILD WILLYS NUMBER ONE-DERFUL RUB ground onion INJECTION LIQUID ounces preferably or or white Willys THRONE MOP (OPTIONAL): ounces preferably or Throne Poultry Willys 12-ounce bottles please) onion, chopped or white minced The to the another the the the from the cavity of the With about of the injection the breast and of each the thoroughly, and with the injection as as the without tearing the the with the and and and the least of the to the the and them. to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to the from the and them about While the and halfand halfof each With the tops of the half-empty of the onion, and each the replenished the of the the that they upright with their The should the or cooking holding the while their and their If to the the and the heat. the to the to or the the freely and the internal should the to the the and
boneless, breasts, pounded lightly SPLIT-SECOND DRY RUB freshly ground onion SPLIT-SECOND MOP Worcestershire to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to Combine the the breasts with the and them about Combine the the heat to the the heat. the breasts with about of the the to the and cook to or cooked through. Either the breasts through the cooking or with as as them from the Chick Poultry (Its the onions to pound to seasoning or to of choice: white Clean internal from the the seasoning the and the and the cavity. the cavity with the onions and of garlic. the or the with to of the of choice. the heat the and to about the breast of the with flourcloth or cheesecloth or grease. the about every that the the hour pound, hour. You to refresh the supply of charcoal about every to hours. amounts of such as or cherry, to the fire to To thermometer. The thickest of the breast should To should the flourcloth or cheesecloth to the breast about to the from the Instruction
with Onion to ounces each MARINADE onions, chopped garlic, minced chopped seasoning To Combine and SALSA sections and onion, minced (about minced or of choice ground chopped fresh and freshly cracked to To Combine the and (This covered and or whole with and to hours. With the heat the the of to to the the internal reaches (approximately hour). and To and top with of of the and preferably pounds each or ground onion BASIC BEER MOP (OPTIONAL) ounces preferably or onion minced Worcestershire The to the Apply the to the about the the and overnight. from the them with to the the to to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to If to the together the and heat. the to hours, turning and them with the about once hour. ready, the meat should and from the bones. Allow to BARBECUED RIB RUB
The Renowned to pound ground SOUTHERN SOP (OPTIONAL) Southern ground Worcestershire The to the the with about of the the to and overnight. the from the with another coating of the about to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to If to the together with the and heat. the about hours pound, or the internal reaches Mop the about once the from the and it about enough to off of the meat, and shred or them as wish. Southern top pulled with and the together that the meat and SOUTHERN SUCCOR RUB CAROLINA SANDWICH SLAW chopped minced onion white of together and covered, least VAUNTED VINEGAR SAUCE white freshly ground or Combine the and the Down-Home Championship This or as finishing or of ground ground 32-ounce bottle of yellow Worcestershire Combine the and nonreactive the Worcestershire and Bring the to the heat and about occasionally. This airtight the Instruction
and from or of Juice of preferably minced fresh onions, minced JALAPENO-LIME MOP seafood or of of fresh or other (optional). Puree the food or the nonreactive or the the and the to the to to the from the the the and to the the Bring the to high heat and the heat. the and liberally with the the to the and from the fire to heat the The should cook approximately them They ready when slightly firm, and lightly the the from the and them heavily the the them, wish, and JALAPENO-LIME MARINADE fishing and to ounce/1 pound or other or each and season with and of to with the cleaned and bleached its the to and or about to pounds. the and top with the branch of celery, and/or onion the cavity seasoning. the the and and with the whole with to directly the The catch fire. the of and allow the to the once with the of Allow the to cool overnight. The technically steams the and the from the fire. It when cold. off the and and the from the flesh. the bones and Serve the with light with and T-Shirt
each inch thick and of minced fresh minced fresh creamy minced fresh minced (optional) food the to thick puree. the the the and Bring to to high heat and the the and sear them both the to the them to its through about overcooking the Serve garnished with wish. PASTE inexpensive minced pounds minced fresh Coarse to Combine the the nonreactive or and the them. the the the or of and them to them and cooked through, about to to While the cook, the high heat reducing the with the the and and of the reduced the or the the and Instruction MARINADE
Roasted each and the and the fire the and turning occasionally, completely charred (about the and about cool enough to the and the Corn-on-the-Cob (The ears corn, fresh (such as chives, clove fire back the from the and the to least On board, or the and Mince finely or the to the or with the and smooth Lightly the corn. Bring the back the the corn, turning frequently, the and the to brown, to Serve off the Soy-Grilled Beans (The beans, toasted or Chinese minced fire with lightly or the the or and garlic. to the of the with of tongs. the beans, frequently, and to the Serve preferably each of red, and onion fresh preferably New or (optional) fresh or to fresh preferably or minced fresh ground of to to cook with indirect heat (with the heat the the to to the onion, and with enough or to their lightly. the to the they to the and to everything each of the as the the and the to Chop the and onion finely and them to the from the and the off of each. the and thin ribbons and them to the and onion. Mince the and about of to the the and of and to or the other seasonings as Serve or
of about to the through the of (or about of and with of both of each the whole and heat to with the heat the the heated through (about Hasty-Baked Dough active yeast honey unbleached the of food yeast and honey. seconds. and to the of the food and to to and the and the dough. If too the dough and the dough the food to the and the the to This the from the and lightly floured dough another dough and cover with plastic. to hours). dough from and to and redistribute yeast. the of fire Clean with dough to the dough and the then the directly the the and about to The should puffing lightly and the or the of choice the cooked the back the this directly the the and cook another or The to the charcoal to to fire to the right of the the right to the first Then the to the with Instruction
Core cooking (the and the the whole with and of the of the with the the of of Bring the corners together and leaving the rather around the about with the heat the the about Apple Brown (The and thinly crushed cracker ground fire the fire, the scorch and their Combine the and and the of heavy-duty and the or the turning once, about the and Apples Honey-Nut (The and inches thick and sectioned honey or other finely chopped (such as or medium-low fire On board, off the crown and of the the the and and the each inches thick. and Combine the and honey or and heat the the the and each with turning occasionally, the to Serve fire. Combine the and the then crosswise. the to the and to the turning ounce, coating of the (about Watch allow to from the and (The
What Charcoal? charred Chemical free fashioned Lights without charcoal Charcoal charcoal than charcoal Generally of charcoal to consistency. Then they with It bound together with coating to its It to because first off the coating. to cooking process. charcoal Charcoal charred from and hickory. These low-resin their charcoal. They charcoal that burns cleanly and high amount of its The where the to which cooks the of the The becomes creating charcoal. Instruction The years the industry. It that and healthier meals of chemical-free charcoal. products their the choice, why the of food? to as Charcoal, with Charcoal winning combination! You or of foods to perfection including stews, and breads. the only
Apron Black with with and Odorless, alcohol-based firestarting bottle) matches that to matches Black cover silk-screened with of cover to Cover Cover Cover T-Shirt White silk-screened with and Please specify L, XL, or XXL. Increase cooking or as and and Great when cooking foods that enough to through the to allow to stir-cook three cooking Poultry the searing the cavity to the while with Accessory of cooking beans and and and
the found! (includes and and Seasonings Selection of seasonings from of and Won the American Honey and with bottle) Since their and with this of and spices. bottle) with and with such as and cherry and Apple Peach Cherry Pear offers selection of cookbooks Cheryl and Born to high of the cooking with (another ACK Grease These to often to grease They chips. These the money vertically, allowing to while the meat cooks evenly. country back efficiently. front with to matches, and and really to its cooking effects. people cooking with offer the and that includes mounting and and Instruction
P.O. or 1-800-4AN OVEN www.hastybake.com