with the of the the first the around increased performance and of sharpness. focusing architec- to offer photographers the of professional as as the ease of of the the the of and to graphy, including correction aberration and the com/products/ the the professional photographer, including the freedom to choose and waistlevel rected and on-the-fly of the offers photo graphers the freedom to with to allow shoot- and Correction perfection information about the and to the of the account the specifications of the and the specifications of the this the HC to of sharpness and correction aberration and and out-of-the-box only achievable the currently with three offering with of or with the the and its nearly counterpart both the these to with of to seconds the and the choice of professional photographers. the features with to rating to of as with its the high architecture the operation, with the the of conds or tethered to these the the choice the professional photographer. Correction aPO-chromatic correction of the based of the cerning each each that each the that Based these expanding with specially that the the the www.hasselblad.com
of the to and to with as to the from this extraordinary the clear: increases the of the and with the the optimized. the renowned which flexibility allowing to to and the reducing thanks to the the of shallower to selective to creative photography, the of become the allows the Has- to the currently graphy to than the of Consequently the and which high-end of without the choice of bright One of the of the the and bright and easy the with performance the of On the the the of the interchangeable waistlevel the HVM, the of the bright and creative composing. the photographer with the or shoot- from than HC factor Colors the (HNCS) to and out-of-the-box with tones, and other tones easily and effectively. to incorporate HNCS and 3F (3FR). this includes which reduces the the 3FR converted Negative), this to the professional photographer the first to and the of the from 3FR through architecture Building the of its Feedback created architecture of feedback tools, to the pher to the shoot rather than the selection process. and each notifying the photographer immediately of its the infor- mation recorded both the and the and easy to classify and the field or back home. and the invention. displays the products high and bright sunlight. three of and the offers choice of CF cards, the or With these three operating and to to the of the hand, whether the or location. www.hasselblad.com
the professional photographer offers with the highest of tethered operation, with to productivity to advanced allows the photographer to and the 3FR the natively both and and to allow to co-workers and BEFORE aFtER the the the chromatic aberration correction. HC technical SPECiFiCatiONS FEatURES 3FR MB 3FR MB 3FR MB MB MB MB 3FR Shooting and and and CF type or tethered to or PC CF CF CF seconds seconds seconds inch type, flexiblity the offers the choice of with using this option photography or when increased the of the and of this the the from the www.hasselblad.com
technical SPECiFiCatiONS FEatURES type feedback Mounted acoustic feedback Software (included; and PC) Platform Macintosh: OSX. PC: XP type from 45C/32 113F Complete [W (Complete with and CF SPECiFiCatiONS FEatURES HC and with seconds to hours to options to +3.5D). flashes from with and as HVM: Waistlevel Focusing with cross-type feedback. EV to ttl weighted built-in or flashes with from to +3EV. flashes built-in Weighted and EV2 to Weighted: EV1 to EV1 to supply Rechargeable CR-123 lithium CaMERaS www.hasselblad.com
Connectivity Optional Optional Optional from with back back HM Optional (included) input (included) with HVM waistlevel HC including and with with www.hasselblad.com CF function
HC HC HC HC HC HC HC HC C-type from the with HC HC 1.7X optional CF UK www.hasselblad.com