Flextight X5 X1
of and Restrictions and and the Procedure, Interface Instructions the White Reflectives The Light Cleaning the of the Technical Specifications FCC Notice CE Declaration of conformity Flextight X1 Flextight X5
The Flextight X1 and the Flextight X5 the and from profes- photographers and around and and incorporating CCD and both fast, easy-to-use and offer They facility Scan which with cally high The Flextight X1 originals of of 60MB while the Flextight X5 originals to and 300MB the high-end The Flextight X5 A4 reflective tion, batch or and incorporates active cooling where directly the CCD to cool and increase with the Flextight X1 and Flextight X5 offer sharpness and ity and to the and the tonal from the professional photographers or Both Flextight offer non-interpolated, of or from originals and from both and The batch scanning, and (Flextight X5 only) and software-based and both software and 3F Format. These to users with integrated that from to Both PC and interface. The Flextight include selection of mounting of the without or plates and include selection of the such as customised and The glass-free that the the to completely straight that nothing the and the This that the its highest without and other artifacts. the investment security, Flextight X1 and to Flextight X5 approximately the the Either assured the right The there, to to
and of the included to and the the originals and/or the while scanning. or with mounted. The to mounted or when the the the the to the there already. the while the or other the while connected to servicing or the the supply disconnected from the It to the on/off the location where children to It and that the the PC or to which the to connected. information about the operating RAM and please to the Software Reference that with the software. Screen of with or other interface. Preventive Flextight should serviced every or every months, whichever first. If mounted, the recommended of that the mounted Please that counted as Flextight counter that the of from Please to the to learn about the of or from of service and/or covered the factory warranty.
and front C This the scanning. to closed to from to when the mount Light The to C Transparency that the and them straight and switch to the on/off. when ready to Flashes when first to that firmware when (Yellow) Lights when the repositioning the optics to or when repositioning. Scan (Red) Lights when scanning. the while this If the light flashing when scanning, then occurred please Flextight Start/stop With this initiate 3F to 3F The process.
and the this interface FireWire nection. The allows to another the C CCD housing platform holding the CCD positioning of the CCD housing and optics housing the and Optics housing platform the optics that the of the the FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING light reflective Flextigh X5 only. Focuses the light from and thereby or heavily reduces and scratches the Flextigh X5 only. light the the and it the this shown the mounted and with the C
the the location that the following the from of heat, such as sunlight or the of cool The operated from of strong ference. Although the with immunity and every reasonable to the to interference, and therefore waves with The which the and from If the or while scanning, affected. If the colder or warmer then about hours otherwise, which the from operating correctly. using the where there high of The Flextight supply of and AC of to This within the wall-socket of countries. to Flextight with the specified The and attached to the tor, grounded three-point tion). that the supply hissing sound when connected to the This and the supply or interface Proceed as follows: the with the front facing from that the location choose and interface to switch of and other connected from of the to the or to other already to the round from supply to the supply the back of the IMPORTANT: that the to the outlined the Flextight X1 X5 supply that the supply sound when This and the supply or Turn the around that the front facing assembled. Turn and the software.
Normal Closed FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C positioning the free from the and
FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C instructions It that the and software properly If already the feed to Press the the front of the to switch The light flashing. This that firmware downloaded It downloaded when first the Turn and the The light flashing indicating that firmware to the Select the that matches choose of the that The completely the with showing. Also, of the the outer of the reflectives, the with the clear The feed the optional mount The to tion This obtained the slightly upwards while the NOTE! Each of the leading These with the to the feed that the the matches the selected the with the facing the the upwards. reflectives, the clear upwards. that the fits the C or both of the light the the the top of the It about inch) too It easily and To the gently backwards. the of the and as follows: with the The completely the with showing and with of each Also, of the the outer of the the the light to the the top which the fast. reflectives (Flextight X5 only), that of the the of the the
the to the the clear only the to fingerprints. the back and the front Flextights the top of the the the reflective the four (the top shown as and C the below); that the clear sheet the four the the top of the the below); the clear sheet each of these as shown. to and follow the the software to preview, and the Alternatively the the light This initiate 3F to 3F The below shows the with each of the when (Flextight X5) (Flextight X1) A4
the The Flextight X5 of The Flextight X1 Both the positioning of the optics each If appear or slightly the then to to the The the PROM, retained when the to information. White reflective the white to establish the white the of the CCD. White Reflectives information. Both of the procedures and initiated from the
The Flextight and to its each of the If as as they should then to that the It that the than once every three months. this necessary. below to the that with It of and white Mount the the with the text reading normally as shown. the as straight as the light and the corners the to Select from the Click the and the the finalized, that the bration Click OK.. The and both and reflective
White reflectives The Flextight X5 white reference to that the CCD consistently to light brightnesses. The the factory, and the the flash PROM. the the of the light slightly. Therefore, the white months or and immediately the light the below to White the white that with the It white of If the white then (non-textured), perfectly white of of the with clear layers the reflective If the reflective that there or other the the with necessary. the top of the with the the top of the the below). each of the with the of the Select White from the The White appears. Click The of the white and the whole about
The light The Flextight X5 light reflective originals from the other light through from below. The Flextight X1 light scanning. NOTE! The of and interchangeable. the light If (or white then of light both of and reflective) to which affected. If then the If reflectives then the top Follow the below to the Flextight Turn off and the from the supply. IMPORTANT: the light cool proceeding. the screws each other screws. Press the back and the Turn the to upright the to and the C the Press the backwards to release the the of the and then of the If the to the from the as the screw to release the the right off to screwdriver to this the with the the and mount the that properly the the C IMPORTANT: The the cover the the the Mount the back and the screws following the of the when them. Turn the and function of the
PULL OUT PRESS PRESS PULL OUT C
Cleaning the of the The of the cleaned with cloth. to allow the or of the or other If to of the to authorized Technical Connector 100-240V AC, A, Interface to (IEEE One switch (on/off switch) Force C F) Recommended Working C F) Humidity: RH C F) Relative humidity: RH from to inches, thick Reflectives: to (A4 thick (X5 only) (optional) type Reflectives Flextight X5): Transparency Flextight X5: Tranparency Flextight X1: Height: Width: Depth: (feed closed)
FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to Operation of this to which the to the interference their
CE Declaration of conformity
CE Declaration of conformity
A/S. rights Flextight X1 X5 The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of software or products. and Flextight of A/S. OS and of Apple Computer, Inc.