Flextight
English A/S. rights Flextight A. The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of software or products. and Flextight of A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. Macintosh, OS, and ColorSync of Apple Computer, Inc. Printed Flextight
of Reference Flextight and Restrictions Connectors Cut-Away the Procedure, Interface Instructions the White Reflectives The Light the Light Cleaning the of the Technical Specifications FCC Notice CE Declaration of conformity Flextight of English
English Flextight
Reference Flextight This information about Flextight Topics and of the front and internal of the Flextight instructions instructions originals instructions instructions Technical specifications Declarations of FCC and CE conformity Flextight Reference Flextight
Reference Flextight and Restrictions and Restrictions English of the included to and the the originals and/or the while scanning. scanning or with mounted. The to mounted or when the the the the to the there already. the while the or other the while connected to servicing or the the supply from the It to the on/off the location where to It and that Flextight
Below the the PC or to which the to connected. information about the operating RAM and please to the Software Reference that with the software. Screen of with or other interface. Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight English Flextight
C of Flextight scanning. to upright flushing with the front to from to when the mount Light The to C Transparency to them straight. and Switch to turn the on/off. when ready to Flashes when first to that firmware when lights when the repositioning the optics to or when repositioning. Scan (Red): lights when scanning. the while this If the light flashing when scanning, then occurred please Flextight Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight Connectors Connectors English of Flextight the this Interface and it to You the to another to the Flextight
Cut-Away Cut-away of Flextight CCD Housing: this platform the light and the optics. Positioning Lead Screws: positioning of the CCD housing and optics housing the and C Optics Housing: the of the the CCD. Light Source: reflective Light Source: rotates the the and the CCD of shown mounted and with the top Flextight Reference Flextight Cut-Away FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C English
Reference Flextight the the English the location that the following the from of heat, such as sunlight or the of cool The operated from of interference. Although the with immunity and every reasonable to the to interference, waves with The which the and free from If the or while scanning, affected. If the colder or warmer then about hours otherwise, which the from operating correctly. using the where there high of The Flextight of and AC of to This within the wall-socket of countries. to Flextight with the specified The and attached to the grounded three-point that the supply hissing sound when connected to the This and the supply or Flextight
Procedure, Interface the near with the front facing from that the location choose and as using interface to switch of and other connected from of the Connectors to the or to other already connected to the round from supply to the round supply the back of the IMPORTANT: that the to the outlined the Flextight supply that the supply sound when This and the supply or Turn the around that the front facing assembled. Turn and the software. Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight Instructions English HORIZONTAL NORMAL the Flextight CLOSED FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C Flextight
Instructions It that the and software properly If already the (A) to Press the (F) the front of the to switch The light (G) flashing. This that It downloaded when first the Turn and the The light (G) flashing indicating that firmware to the Select the (K) that matches choose of the that The completely the with showing. Also, of the the outer of the The feed (A) reflectives, the with the clear The feed (A) the optional mount The (A) to This obtained the slightly upwards while the Please that when the mount recommended to the Software Reference Flextight Reference Flextight Instructions English
Reference Flextight Instructions English HORIZONTAL NORMAL the Flextight CLOSED FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C Flextight
NOTE! of the leading These combined with the to the feed that the the feed matches the selected the (K) with the facing the the upwards. reflectives, the clear upwards. that the fits the (C) or (D) both of the light the the (E) the top of the feed It about inch) too It easily and To the gently backwards. the top of the and (L) as follows: with the The completely the with showing and with of each Also, of the the outer of the the the light (B) to the reflectives, that of the the of the the the to the the clear only the to fingerprints. the back and the front Flextight's Flextight Reference Flextight Instructions English
Reference Flextight Instructions the top of the the English the top which the fast. the reflective the four (the top shown as and C below); that the clear the four the the top of the the below); the clear each of these as shown. Reflective top to and follow the the software to preview, and the C Flextight
The below shows the with each of the when A4 Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight the the English The of the positioning of the optics each If or slightly the then to to the The the PROM, when the to information. White reflective the white to establish the white the of the CCD. The of the white white the to "White Reflectives" information. Both of the and initiated from the Flextight
The Flextight and to its each of the If as as they should then to that the every It that the than once three months. this necessary. below to the that with It of with PN:40900026, the the with the the (vertically). the as straight as the light and the corners the to Select from the Click the and the the finalized, the and both and reflective Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight the White Reflectives The Flextight white reference to that the CCD consistently to light brightnesses. The from the factory, and the the PROM. the the of the light slightly. Therefore, the white every months or and immediately the light English below to White the white that with It white of If the white then (non-textured), perfectly white of of the with clear layers the reflective If the reflective that there or other the the with necessary. the top of the with the the top of the each of the with the of the Select White from the The White appears. Flextight
Positioning the white the reflective Click The of the white The about Flextight Reference Flextight the the top of the with the the top of the the of the sheet with the of the English
Reference Flextight The Light English the Light PRESS C PULL OUT PRESS PULL OUT Flextight
The Light The Flextight light reflective originals from the other light through from below. the Light If (or white then of light both of and reflective) to which affected. If then the If reflectives then the top Follow below to the Flextight Turn off and the from the supply. IMPORTANT: the light cool proceeding. the front (A) outwards the and off. the screws (B) each other screws. the (C) and (D) them slightly upwards and then outwards. NOTE! It firm upwards to release the Turn the feed (E) to the to and the (F) Flextight Reference Flextight The Light English
Reference Flextight The Light English the Light PRESS C PULL OUT PRESS PULL OUT Flextight
the Press the backwards to release the the of the and then of the the and mount the that properly the the (F) IMPORTANT: The "T" the cover (G) the the the feed (E) Mount the (C) and (D) the screws (B) and the front (A) following the of the when them. NOTE! mounting the front (A) to firm the to properly Turn the and function of the Cleaning the of the If the of the becomes dirty, then with cloth. to the or of the or other If to of the it to authorized Flextight Reference Flextight Cleaning the of the English
Reference Flextight Specifications Technical Specifications English Connector: VDC 60W 100-240V AC, 1.3A, Interface to (IEEE One switch (on/off switch) Force 35C 95F) Recommended Working 25C 77F) Humidity: RH 50C 122F) Relative humidity: RH from to inches, thick Reflectives: to (A4 thick (optional) type Height: Width: Depth: closed) (feed Flextight
FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his Flextight Reference Flextight FCC Notice English
Reference Flextight CE Declaration of conformity CE Declaration of conformity English HASSELBLAD A/S HEJREVEJ DK COPENHAGEN NV TELEPHONE TELEFAX REG./VAT NO. www.hasselblad.com Declaration of conformity Application of Council Directives: to which Conformity of The that the specified conforms to the Directives and 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC, 93/68/EEC. 91/157/EEC. C73/23/EEC 93/68/EEC. EN61000-6-1 EN61000-6-3 and EN60950:2000. A/S DK-2400 NV/ CCD Flextight NV 12th, Christian CEO Flextight