H3DII
At to to the photographic or when that creating that as photographic to what leading following them. Achieving with photography to the from advanced optics, software, and the computing of computers. With the of the H3D, brought the of integrated DSLR to the photographic to and The of the H3DII of quality. with the of the H3DII, the DSLR The H3DII the of the and and functionality, cooling, and interface, and bright, when with the software, the H3DII photographic The H3DII the advanced and of the with the and ity of the The H3DII the of of photographic of and the from advanced The H3D another the of evolutionary The H3DII the of the DSLR motivated photography. of tion, and to quality. At enough. photo- graphers to Thats why the H3DII.
of Its The H3DII The H3DII the high-end DSLR the of the H3D further, the H3DII photographic flexibility and to The interaction the with increased performance and of sharpness to outperform professional the and The light the H3DII and the the of the currently than the of the These and without the The things the they the The photography and photography The and of both the and the they to There who that and somehow match the of the and highest Think the that photography The H3DII of its own. the with New photographer-friendly features The H3DII with features to the from photography, such as integrated cooling that the to CCD heat. This dramatically reduced to heat.
of DSLR The H3DII Unmatched of and flexibility of performance Choice of or waist-level Integrated and with Integrated CCD cooling
Trood/Getty Another interesting (GIL) GPS that records geographic the of This then integrated the of and together with the software to allow to located or found using the GPS as search the or location easily and found. If geographical the search the location the with Earth and to the that location. The features changeable, The bright creative composing, and shooting from than creative This photographers to with the photography. With the H3DII choose of the or the professional photographer. Architecture What Got The H3DII features Architecture (IAA), of feedback to drastically the selection shoot. and and recorded information the and the and and easy, whether the or the The H3DII integrated with the IAA, from the of The advanced the and the H3DII the ground APO Correction (DAC) and the functionality, professional and higher of and sharpness.
of DSLR The H3DII Thumbwheel of Direct ISO/WB FW of H3D Choice of CF II cleaning
years Victor the the the photographers that to of the photographic produced. that and the the around century created cant to what with Color, Workflow, The H3DII (HNCS). HNCS invisibly the background with software to and out-of-the-box whatever the with tones, and other easily and effectively. the H3DII 3F RAW (3FR), to that products and including the information the HNCS. 3FR using reducing The 3FR converted DNG software. when the 3FR however, APO Correction and the within the DNG H3DII of including and copyright. Workflow the professional photographer software that the highest of photography. The of process- software to and selection. This software the 3FR and both and and allows to free to co-workers and The HCD The of the H3DII specially oped this The the of the H3DII, that the APO Correction tion and further increase the of the
of DSLR The H3DII option Un-tethered and tethered GPS accessory option 3FR or DNG APO Correction sharpness and
The first to as and They to there. the If only or they too to the of the then amount of or software to what they enough. Professional Quality from to The of HC/HCD and which the taneously, the as and allow to astonishing of shutters, the other hand, than HC flexibility professional applications, lighting and of creative their around than the which that the when the release pressed. and than photography, and allowing to shoot without where every (and every of every counts, that the with APO correction and chose and APO Correction the H3D, information about and to the of the account the of the and the of the This of sharpness and to the HC APO chromatic correction to of every
this allows the of each and the of advanced which then to correction aberration and every that every to the that Mathis
The H3DII the whole than the of its the as photographic approach. constantly and to combining and software with of quality, functionality, and flexibility unmatched other the world. importantly that the of the that of the that that what what when together with bright they focusing, depth-of-field and than The includes of that match or and allow to choose The the first and the technical of the photographic process. The amount of light and of the of the process. specially to throughout the of advanced tions, such as APO Correction, Architecture, and Housing renowned their and and their highly internal stray-light protection. around high-strength and housing they and performance the toughest of and years to and Unit The and to and three of CF or straight to shooting. Software The software included with and the the software to professional-level both OS and platforms.
Thumbwheel GPS II cooling ON GRIP: white and ISO ON GRIP: tethered APO correction from to
Photographic Flexibility. With the H3DII of shooting to of photography and then to the or the as think should as as the people who Flexibility The featured to high without effects. The to both and flexibility. Flexibility The H3DII with HVD performance the With the H3DII however, the choice of three the the and the choose to shots. The H3DII three or to choose H3DII to H3DII back flexibility with with Record location the of GB with (GIL) Workflow from CF or choose the 3FR or DNG With the 3FR the with the DNG Flexibility The of HC both and to HCD creative the first the Flexibility The of the H3DII and mounted such as or that other Flexibility The of the H3DII and the from the and and the of the allows easy to and cleaning of the hours of retouching Flexibility The H3DII operates with of three types; the CF the shooting quickly, and the tethered operation. With these three operating and options, to of GPS Recording Flexibility (GIL) accessory The GIL with GPS coordinates, and This of that archiving and such as the ity with the software to directly to Earth.
RAW Conversion. features: high With the Phocus, effectively without the to selections or other directly the New (GPS, The included follows the IPTC Core with XMP. GPS to allow of tions. GPS directly to Earth, geographic reference and and DSLR photographer that the shoot, the things to to once the field or the shoot. to than allowing to and and the New tethered of including of the focusing when the or the mounted GUI The GUI includes straightforward options to of such as choice of ing/comparing of of options shoots, and the section allows and to tailored to the of options including or and the and selection.
The the the and the advanced software. the years, the software with the release of featuring of and features. the and to and the and to groundbreaking of quality. and easy-to-use Every aspect of and to the that photographers and to that as as them.
Quality. Color, Purity, Clarity, and Each or or three to quality, photographers that of these areas. clear of these photographers what high photography and what At constantly performance these perfection and accepting enough to continuously the of Quality to and to three that years Three to this of quality: The HC/HCD as the to the the high of and operation, performance and from the and The (HRC) with 3FR the and optically combined with the physical and of the higher The high of the and focusing un-matched, including of and other artefacts, and HC/HCD and than the physical of the currently photography. You each and every when them, theyre there. the higher the creative with the tions photographers, forcing them to choose to each and thereby to others right. This opinion. The the tones, or easily and tively, and with the of knowledge of the and characteristics of each this correct, and Correction (DAC) of
correcting the phenomena that which photographic Whether chromatic aberration or DAC tically corrects these without with using information that the RAW 3FR ted the of These advanced corrections based and the high the HC/HCD Clarity reduction the of and clarity and the of or from of both and of photography. The high of and the advanced reduction and mechanical) the of other they of and It the that what optics and really The of and optics with to and the ference. Once the the Converter the art of than when to processing. to smooth while clarity and sharpness the advanced tions and enough knowledge of photo- graphy to which and which The the 3FR the and allows to that such as and With the H3D, assured that and nothing sacrificed. The to these however, to yourself. the Quality www.hasselblad.com/products/
the craftsmanship and that the highest famous century. The H3D and HC/HCD this tradition. The H3DII family three and each of advanced features, including the freedom to choose and APO corrected on-the-fly of and software, and ISO HC factor HCD28 H3DII-31 ISO H3DII-22 ISO H3DII-39 ISO Technical specifications RAW 3FR Shooting CF type U-DMA, or tethered to or PC seconds TFT feedback: IR coated, mounted CCD UK Acoustic feedback: Software: (included; and PC) Platform OSX, NT, XP type: compatibility: 0-45C/32-113F with (with and CF type: DSLR HC and HCD with www.hasselblad.com to seconds options: weighted and EV2 to weighted: EV1 to EV1 to supply: VDC/1850 Optional CR-123 Lithium compatibility: