KWIK KIT SPECIFICATIONS MODEL KK-100-02 GENERAL DESCRIPTION: It the of this to of or as Enforcement vehicle. The seating and which allow the of the of the The with and of vehicle of and OEM conditioning heat These included OEM or bulkheads, walls, and to white finish. FRONT BULKHEAD: The protected high front It constructed from thick The to framework and strength. The to with the and The assembly attached to The section of include thick hatch with heavy The hatch perforated that covered with clear REAR BULKHEAD: (DOUBLE REAR DOORS) The OEM protected high It constructed from thick The to framework and strength. The to with the and The assembly attached to the This security high. The from thick The sheet to thick framework and strength. attached The section of perforated which allow officers to the Each includes heavy-duty The activated mounted, that includes and secondary, to each assembly necessary. The to the and CENTER DIVIDER: with perforations the of It constructed from thick It securely anchored to and bulkheads. BENCHES: from thick with rounded front and include four-inch length, Non tops. The and both seat people and high WALLS: The high The high Each from thick and to closely the and and bulkheads. KK-100-02_SS_10-08
CEILING: The the The assembly with flush, together seams strength. It from thick and lights and conditioning heat The assembly to and bulkheads. FLOORING: The the rear constructed from thick, tread The Additional tread plate rear and OEM REAR STEP: rear with the and directly to the vehicle It The constructed from framework, and perforated finish. DOME LIGHTS: The rear three lights. The three lights. lights thick, clear guards. On/off switch GRAB STRAPS AND LABELS: mounted to the section of the There seat location. Straps that each with handcuffs their back, the anchored with round head The to the and Straps to the four with that to Straps Motion. includes English and Spanish. They include of holding that with While Transporting These with mounting of vehicle MISCELLANEOUS: of completed assembled and installed, seams sealed with RTV with white cover the the and This cover the OEM heat blower from and allow easy when service. FINISH: White finish. The of the sub-straight to withstand of hour ASTM-B117 testing). KK-100-02_SS_10-08