Flextight X1 and Flextight X5
freedom from choice The of the Flextight X1 and X5, both built around the foundation. allows the CCD to creating free the and the The focusing the and the easy mounting and and of The both Flextight basically the meaning that whichever choose, the Differences the of features and with to productivity. Flextight X5 The freedom to to choose or instance. The freedom to whatever shoot or ation. whether choose to shoot because the or creative reasons, with the of know that to the wherever they with every and reproduced. The Flextight X5 the top the Flextight the of Ease of batch scanning and characteristic features: to Optional productivity and software based facility Simplified with 3F Scan Productivity Naturally, the extraordinary of the Flextight X5 increasing productivity. The there, however. feeding attached; the Batch originals and the of mounted these together with the 3F throughput that to to
The Flextight X1 should photographers Quality and of of as with other this family, easy to features: of to Batch Software based facility Simplified with 3F Scan The 3F Workflow Sharpness and though with clarity and rendition when photographic That to the of the the mechanical as as the of and the of the The Flextight of art from the the machinery with cool Heat reduction another of found the supply the and cathode light which waves, of heat-related X5 active cooling, which that cooling directly the CCD, which increases to ration to The Flextight to the with of the that one-touch with intact. High Flextight X1 selecting the 3F specified of this the of the extracted from the The 3F acts as of when to tions or wish. re-scanning, without the Furthermore every from the 3F action his- tory the 3F which to these actions whenever The 3F allows to TIFF and corrected, with of button.
The Flextight Scanning, whether from or reflectives once its own. and photographers the to include this activity their to attractive to photo- graphers to the to their Thats why offers that easy to while the the On www.hasselblad.com the Flextight and why the Flextight the professionals choice. Flextight X1 Flextight X5 Technical specifications Flextight X1/Flextight X5 CCD type: X1: X5: Batch scanning: Batch- and compatibility: X1: X5: Interface: Platform: X1: X5: UK Reflection: X1: X5: A4 Active cooling: X1: X5: Flextouch: 3F initiated directly Light X1: X5: www.hasselblad.com Reflection Scan Software based software Active Cooling X1: X5: X1: 450MB 370MB 460MB X5: 580MB 370MB 460MB X1: X5: