Flextight English
English A/S. rights Flextight A. The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of using software or products. and Flextight of A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. OS, and ColorSync of Apple Computer, Inc. Printed Flextight
of Reference Flextight and Restrictions Connectors Cut-Away the Procedure, Interface the The Light of the Light the Light Cleaning the of the Technical Specifications FCC Notice CE Declaration of Conformity Flextight Table of English
English Flextight
Reference Flextight This information about Flextight Topics and of the front and internal of the Flextight instructions instructions instructions Technical specifications Declarations of FCC and CE conformity Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight and Restrictions and Restrictions English of the included attempting to and the the originals and/or the while scanning. or with mounted. The to mounted or when the the the the to the there already. the while the or other the while it connected to servicing or the the supply from the It to the on/off button. the location where to It and that the the PC or to which the to connected. information about the operating RAM and please to the Software Reference that with the software. Screen of with or other interface Flextight
features of Flextight scanning. The to from the and to of the Light The to the C light: The light indicating the following: when ready to Flashes when first to that firmware when when repositioning. (Scanning) when scanning. the while the red. If the light flashing when scanning, then occurred please Flextight Switch: to the on/off. and Flextight Reference Flextight C English
Reference Flextight Connectors Connectors English features of Flextight the this Interface FireWire and to You the to another to the Flextight
Cut-Away Cut-away of Flextight CCD this platform the light the of the the CCD. C rotates the the and the CCD of Light Tube: the The the light the shown mounted and with the top Flextight Reference Flextight Cut-Away FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C English
Reference Flextight the the English the location that the following the from of heat, such as sunlight or the of The operated from of strong interference. Although the with immunity and every reasonable to the to interference, waves with The which the and from If the or while scanning, affected. If the colder or warmer then about hours using otherwise, which the from operating correctly. the where there high of To from the the feed when the The Flextight supply of and AC of to This within the wall-socket of countries. to Flextight with the specified The and attached to the and grounded three-point that the supply hissing sound when to the This and the supply or Flextight
Procedure, Interface the near with the front facing from that the location choose and as interface it to switch of and other connected from of the Connectors to the or to free other already connected to the round from supply to the round supply the back of the IMPORTANT: that the to the outlined the Flextight supply that the supply sound when This and the supply or Turn the around that the front facing assembled. Turn and the scanning software. Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight the English C the Flextight FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING Flextight
the It that the and software properly the (B) to Press the (G) the front of the to switch The light (F) flashing indicating that firmware It downloaded when first the Turn and the The light (F) flashing indicating that firmware to the Select the (D) that matches the with the facing the The (C) upwards and the the (A) both of the feed the the (H) the It about inch) too It easily and of To the backwards. the (C) of the and (E) with the The completely the with showing and with of each Also, of the the of the the the light (J) of the (B) to the the top of the the The top (C) which the to and follow the the software to and the Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight English The below shows the with each of the of the listed, the exactly to the If other than those listed, then applied. (PPI) To activating the that of the Table applied, the and slightly reduced. The the to the amount of and the of Flextight
of the shown and the the field the Table output that when the field to the selected (as shown the then the PPI shows beneath each that with Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight The Light The Light English of the Light Flextight light that originals while scanning. The light with reflective which correctly the The the light to of the the light the correctly. the when the first shipped from the factory, when light the it tight that freely, to manually try. The of the shown the with the as shown. that the top should the Light as from the of the light Flextight
the Light If (or white then the light or Follow below to the light Flextight or Technical Specifications Turn off and the from the supply. IMPORTANT: the light cool proceeding. the its back, with the facing to the screws located each of the four corners of the then the To the the four screws the shown. The the which they should when replaced. Flextight Reference Flextight The Light English
Reference Flextight The Light The light clearly as shown each of the light and the light and from the that the light allow the to rotated the around, they each turn. The light of these four to try to three the light free. English of the with the light following the of the when the correctly with the as shown the light and/or the as necessary. the and the screws bottom-right, top-right, as indicated Turn the and function of the Table (closed) The the light forwards, the Light Flextight
Cleaning the of the If the of the becomes then with cloth. to the or of the or other If to of the to authorized Flextight Reference Flextight Cleaning the of the English
Reference Flextight Technical Specifications Technical Specifications English Connector: VDC 60W 100-240V AC, 1.3A, Interface to (IEEE One switch (on/off switch) and light Force 35C 95F) Recommended Working 25C 77F) Relative Humidity: RH 50C 122F) Relative humidity: RH from to thick Light OSRAM L6W/25 Universal White Width: Depth: closed) Flextight
FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his Flextight Reference Flextight FCC Notice English
Reference Flextight CE Declaration of Conformity CE Declaration of Conformity English HASSELBLAD A/S HEJREVEJ DK COPENHAGEN NV TELEPHONE TELEFAX REG./VAT NO. www.hasselblad.com Declaration of conformity Application of Council Directives: to which Conformity of The that the specified conforms to the Directives and 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC, 93/68/EEC. 91/157/EEC. C73/23/EEC 93/68/EEC. EN61000-6-1 EN61000-6-3 and EN60950:2000. A/S DK-2400 NV/ CCD Flextight NV 12th, Christian CEO Flextight