the and products. Turn XP, or based PC, and XP installations: and New appear. Please and allow to proceeding. With products, might this or three Please each the New the CD-ROM CD-ROM You Click of The CD-ROM appear the ote: the CD to the CD and the the Click the
and the Once the appear updated Click the to You to PC ote: the www.hauppauge.com the section. the Click the The then and the Once OK then ote: CD! You the the first To the TV, recording and them back PC, the top. the first the appears. Select the TV that On and therefore the chose ATSC or
QAM and TV. You chose both ATSC and QAM. ote: If to the A/V inputs, please instructions below If TV ATSC over-the-air TV Select ATSC and Next the ATSC Next You the ATSC Scan over-the-air The TV scanning from to TV found, they appear the Next Next and OK ote: ATSC TV might below instructions and the Troubleshooting section information choosing If TV Clear QAM TV Clear QAM TV those TV which crypted (free to If using TV with clear QAM chose QAM and Next QAM which encrypted selected. The the
might both and high If TV TV Select Country and TV Source from the To Next to Click the Scan and The about You the from such as TV or top the and Next You with the option to and Please country correct) and Next If to normally operation try, the Format manually from the the from AUTO. BGHIDK the commonly NTSC the North America. Rescanning TV or A/V If to TV or A/V those products with A/V input), the Gear the
of Then the Devices Choose clicking then Chose the TV to then Next Click Next and started. the Next Next and OK the To TV, the Watch TV To the TV right the TV to the You the To the the while the displayed, the The the where the TV the TV and other of the and Info Watch TV TV Record/Pause/Play and
TV To the right once the TV o the You the of which scanned. To the as of the TV the the top of the To To manually TV recording or to which scheduled, To the Top Top Watch, and Record TV recording to while TV played. this immediately back and replay the TV watching. Clicking the the to while clicking the Record the TV to recorded to right to TV top
info Recording TV shows If to TV Click the Record The recorded the seconds as the recording finished recording, the Click the and the recorded to the recorded To recorded the and then and once the to Click and the The recorded the directory Recordings directory tory which found the The directory To this directory, the and then the Every created. The as (ChannelNumber)_(ChannelName)YearMonthDay_TIme TV the recorded the as the TV station. the TV high-definition the high-definition. information and SAP recorded with TV TV the built-in MPEG-2 the of the recording to This of If to TV watching: Playback Stop Record back back seconds seconds Pause/Play
Click the TV and the counter counting. To the from where the To the to the the to the If the To the the back If the button. The counter displays the the counter then the showing and seconds The clicking the the of the which allows to with of graphics
Devices allows where TV and the TV where the Advanced options such as Convert TV recordings to .MPG type and Selecting FM On those products which FM FM the section the first the to FM clicking FM the Source selector, found the right of the IR If would to the IR those with IR built-in) to the TV or top the section the built-in TV allows to the recording of TV shows. Once closed and the and to the the records background that to TV as the recording The TV found the Right TV
the TV to the Click To or recording, the The items that to each to the recording. If the the chose of to the Click the hour to the the to the It about seconds to the and recording. Duration: of the recorded If Record specify the of the the recording. to the this to another Source selection: to the the and the Once these OK You recordings, clicking OK each finished The to the to If about to and to the recording of TV.
shortcuts Ctrl Aspect ratio Ctrl the and of the TV Ctrl the Ctrl TV Ctrl TV where the broadcast) Ctrl Ctrl playback the Previous Ctrl Ctrl Record Stop TV Ctrl C Catch Ctrl Ctrl back
Decoding high ATSC TV CPU graphics with least of memory and the graphics from the the Typically or with graphics of memory to ATSC TV PC. AMD tested the of the CPU ATSC and of the CPU when ATSC the highest ATSC or graphics memory might required. or and TV performance with ATSC or QAM TV or caused things PC or CPU which the ATSC TV enough, and graphics which with the high of TV. the performance of the graphics the of ATSC TV. graphics formance: the graphics graphics often tweaked to performance, the built-in graphics the Microsoft to the graphics computers, the the graphics to graphics performance: The found the of and to the of graphics TV This other The EVR The other VMR9 VMR7 and Each to each and the which the To graphics the when This allow graphics to graphics Troubleshooting
If this or change, then graphics graphics this back to and and found ATSC If only known TV when scanning, TV to the You or high to ATSC selector: Black when selecting ATSC If correctly when selecting ATSC this that This often to reception. found ATSC
Uninstalling the and the hcwclear.exe from the CD. Select OK appear and once the software If the of the installation. The Remote (optional The software the tion of the applications. You the the The shortcut to IR.EXE to the group, that IR.EXE booted. If to the IR from the directory. Please the following trying to this option: Remote Infrared-Receiver, connected to the IR of the WinTV-Card software The IR the To the GO and appear. the and to and OK to select. Remote or TV when the TV to to and off recording or recording the the Pref TV, the recording, this ton the to record. If back this the playback. Stop TV, the recording or playback.
the recorded. button: the or buttons: TV to directly numbers. back recording, the to the of the of the recording. seconds. back back seconds. button: TV bot- currently bot- currently currently titles off TV Record back Application on/off Stop buttons Subtitle buttons
the and built-in IR with The IR to the and built-in IR with or ote: the initially If to the IR with this To the IR to the and HCWCIRConfig_Tool.exe (this found the V7 CD the MISC To the IR with the from the To as the Consumer Click OK to the ote: restarted the to the IR with the IR RemoteBlaster the board the or TV top change to the (IR)
ote: You the from top to the this section. ote: this If using the IR The IR function consists of IR This IR and IR The IR the back of the board, and the IR to the IR top the the front of the IR (BlastCfg.EXE) the the IR the of the from the CD-ROM, the IR Every the IR32 should You IR The IR The IR allows to choose the TV or top to or to learn top The IR found the
To the IR the IRRemoteBlaster Learning top First the IR the top the IR and to the top To the learn function Advanced and Learn You to learn the through and To learn the the from top as to the IR and learn as the the would to learn then and the top You instructed the when to release the onyour this the to On and You should LearnKey(key#) Succeeded Then to the If LearnKey(key#) this that the too or enough, or that the enough to the IR the HD PVR. Once finished with the to and On and
the learning clicking the the It the to top top should the and