USB and Reference
and Reference Copyright Works, Inc. Works, Inc. Telephone: NY Works, Telephone: BBS: Works, Chambers Borough High Street Technical Support: U.K. SE1 9QQ BBS: Technical Support: Technical
FCC Interference The USB tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or FCC ID: H90WINCAST CAUTION: or the to the FCC the authority to the CE This tested and with EN EN and IEC CE
Table of and Reference Revision FCC CE the overview...............................................................................1-1 the -USB the -USB Connecting to VCR, or Connecting USB to Sound Card..........................................1-6 the The The The the Motion the easy to TV TV Print, Copy to the of the shortcut to the Creating with of the
the of with performance Reception of the software.........................................................4-2 to the WinTV-radio Application the The the buttons............................................................5-2 the Works of of operation.........................................................6-2 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting the the TV TV TV displays Snapshots correctly..............................................7-3 the the Removing the with HCWCLEAR........................8-2 Restarting the with HCWRESET Technical Technical telephone .................................................................A-1 Service ................................................................................................A-1 Warranty Warranty ..............................................................................................B-1
and the of Works, Inc. and the of Microsoft and and the Microsoft of Microsoft Corporation. IBM and PC of International Corporation. from "Dolby," and the of of THAT
This covers of the USB FM References to the USB apply to The of the USB to as the and the CD-ROM to as the CD-ROM The which to this as the TV or PC There the and the Both the features, and which features (such as the chapter the cation), which these of the USB displays VGA the chapter USB Works Introduction
the USB ote: DO NOT PLUG THE PC PC booted.. To USB or follow these the USB PC or USB port(After booting intoWindows) the with the USB CD-ROM the USB then the software from the CD-ROM The following shows the and of the USB. Since there with and tions, of the FM: FM TV: TV or TV to sound input with input
and Reference of the or sound connecting the and sound to FM USB-FM with FM Warranty CD-ROM with: and Microsoft the ote: DO NOT PLUG THE PC PC booted.. Turn and and/or
Then the of the USB the back of PC, USB or the or the the New appear. Select Search the (Recommended) Click NEXT this the USB CD-ROM CD-ROM CD-ROM and NEXT Once the detected, NEXT You of to Click FINISH to to CD ROM and Reference
and Reference ote: to the of CD- ROM that If using SE, CD-ROM. correctly the manually the from the CD-Rom. the USB and the to manually the Once the finished, manually the SETUP.EXE the directory to the Connecting the to VCR, or or RCA To the to the shielded plied) with RCA both from the VCR or to the input the ote: USB high input which to (supplied) to to or VCR.
To the from VCR or and RCA onthe other and the RCA the VCR or to the the USB ote:. If RCA to these found stores. Connecting the to Sound Card The board's should connected to sound using the of the the J4 the USB the other of the soundcards ote: sound three round the of the PC. They Microphone and The would to while the Microphone input might to microphone The normally indicated the sound the IN or the the of PC. This where would and would to the USB to the Mic input the or to of the Once the connected to Sound Card, the the from the USB the sound of the The normally with or the sound and allows the of from the sound If hear sound when the might to the of and Reference
and Reference The clicking Start/Programs/Accessories/Multimedia/VolumeControl or Start/Programs/Accessories/Entertainment/VolumeControl or the You should as of the If then and the following Then OK You should selection the Select checked, then the to about of the to the top. This should the If muted or selected, or to hear from the USB the the the ID should the the should the the and
The Application Source Snapshot each thumbnail to TV Snapshot TV or Click right to Click to Software
and Reference Motion On/Off Previous Watch TV TV TV
the the from the USB CD-ROM background. clicking its Once the Application initialized, should the RED light the USB. You and then the The first to TV Click OK If TV the Broadcast/Cable Format North America choose NTSC South America choose PAL or PAL the of TV which active To and INPUT Sources. Highlight COMPOSITE and ADD. and then ADD. and Reference
and Reference You the clicking the then clicking the to the that to played the You switch the the high clicking the the this the Click the the to the
You to To reduce the of motion the with the option choose (Motion) Motion You switch the the motion clicking the Motion the its location). To motion the 422/YUV and Reference
and Reference performance when the Format to YUY2 or RGB and the to Although than the and the The of to the of fps) the the Motion the The to the TV the options and the appear or the and right buttons, the used. easy to The and The right ton clicked the to or the and and to off the TV These and You back and forth and clicking right when the The clicking and holding
the of the and to the Then the clicking and holding the (where it and to the You and VGA the and Then clicking with the right the switch from and the to the other! clicking right the of the TV and what To the of the with the when of the corners of the and then to the then release the would to without the of the the right button the and the Then the to its and location the the right the and the the and location Every the right clicking the the and to the To which and shown when the and NoTitleBar You the and the tool- the or the the TV To the TV the and Reference
and Reference the From the or You which of the of TV and this News. allow to of the that through those To Then the then You then the and to the To to the right the (the You then of Click the would to switch to. Click Display/Preferences/View and then the Aspect Ratio On forces the aspect ratio to turned off allow aspect On the TV when and the when the
TV Click Display/Preferences/View and then the TV Allow If then the TV the the switch the VGA to the chosen (using the allowing the to and Reference
and Reference and Copy to The to or with the of of these functions clicked the memory instead of the VGA then the DIB which internally and then back the VGA memory that the which or This becomes the The which to to or black/white or to the These from the There things which to noted. of field with the the and field of the there might the there motion while the This artifact. Another item to that the when converted DIB than when motion. You the brightness, and and clicking These the the board and both the and the
the You the brightness, and of the TV the Click to the The Always-on-Top and Aspect ratio buttons found the operation without Always-on-Top The Always-on-Top the TV top of other this easily the TV to the No-Title clicking the right the of the TV Aspect ratio The TV aspect unclicking the Aspect Ratio the the TV to or With Aspect Ratio turned the forced to and Reference
and Reference of the the functions of the Copy to Ctrl+C Copy from Ctrl+F TV Ctrl+T +M Right title off TV shortcut You shortcut to the To this, click right background. Then New You should the following Then Shortcut
Click then the directory. Then NEXT to to the shortcut. and Reference
and Reference
Creating with of which the USB as (or the This the Application and Microsofts WDM which built and type AVI Interleaved) This and, optionally, USB high AVI This with such as JPEG and MPEG, where of to reduce the amount of high performance to To the the following Compress/Edit, using the software with these functions the effects, using of the such as MGI or U-Lead editing the the the creating to with or If creating MPEG to to of CD-ROM.
and Reference The easy-to-use that AVI to and back the AVI to VGA and playback editing such as or U-Lead to With the of that tured and the of the You to to PC to the of and second) CPU and -Software Remote the The back the PCs, might To the FMT
The of when highest performance, choose the YUY2 OR RGB These and performance playback of YUY2 OR RGB to with or and to the using or If to and playback performance, choose and including CPU and the of To the of The of RAM The of the the of and possibly clicking clicking the with To with the USB connected to sound board of sound To the USB to sound board the following: and Reference
and Reference the output of the the of the sound board. the recording correctly and muted. the then the recording Recording the following and that the muted and with PC than If PC while and together, then the with the from The with the or the off and second, With MMX (or and reason- should to the YUY2 OR RGB
The of the of the while the the of frames/second. the YUY2 OR RGB the following chart shows Kbytes/sec Kbytes/sec Mbytes/sec of At only to about of To reduce the amount of the using of the (such as or U-Leads editing, the software playback such as or (both of these Typical achieved these performance DoubleSpace or other This Turn off and to professionals and separately. This allows them to the top of the while editing. increase the performance of There the which higher These interleaving and to inate caused to the track. They with both IDE and SCSI interfaces. and Reference
Reception using ONLY) and other of the to with invisible of the TV the or VBI. normally which the that received, and which they transmitted the VBI TV broadcaster, and received the USB the of follows. and the the right corner:(The shown selected selected- this section). USB sophisticated software which exclusively the allows to or and that other applications. The tion to active while the
and Reference If the CD-ROM, then from the CD-ROM. To the or the TELE this the TV and The USB the and the You to VTPLUS within the or to and choose ADD and the VTPLUS. The first that recommended that first the to options and that the selected Background Memory Active. If Background Memory Active selected and then, temporarily, to the option.
*TOP text *Select TV Next Previous Reception These the UK. Reception when this red, received. shortcut information the Select indicates, when that there the light there the Select indicates, when that there the light there the the and there the Select light shortcut Show/HiddenCharacters this might such as VPS or from and Reference service invisible text
and Reference Quickselect the Ctrl and the If this to (every the received, the updated), the Continuously reference to other the TV section of to background information which transmitted other Quickselect allows to these directly. the the the and appears with the selected If to to the the while double-clicking the the and the selected appear the With Quickselect, once. If to such as Prices: the first with click, and the reception with the The the selected than News from selected with and Doubleclick The reception win- each of the within the selected numbers. with DDE created the and DDE. DDE from include the Microsoft EXCEL spreadsheet and Microsoft WORD. To to highlight the section of the of the highlight with the the item of the of the field the holding and releasing the the of the field.
Then Edit/Copy option from the and the The information the PC memory. To to the DDE (such as spreadsheet), and choose the option. to the the selected field the the to DDE through the DDE when received and every when the option ote: DDE to the to and the to shown. and Reference
and Reference
the Application If purchased the to TV stations the FM band. The inputs, TV and FM If TV (or TV both TV and FM to the TV only: the Application Click and then to the The FM TV
and Reference the The the the the Search the active FM FM To the to and then of the buttons Turn off the sound. Force reception. Scan: Searches stations Stop. Click the RIGHT anywhere the to the Scan the CD: the CD-Player back TV: the and the the OFF: the To to the following: the with the (or Click the It to red. Click of the Preset buttons the right the RIGHT the this
Scan chosen and the Scan clicked, the stations which assigned to the Preset tons. Scan chosen and the Scan clicked, stations. of assigned to the buttons shown. Turn on/off the and Reference
and Reference
Works of operation TV VGA the or the The which and software. If PC: VGA which Direct and VGA which to and VGA enough memory to the then YUV temporary off-screen of the VGA memory Secondary This and DIB The VGA then the from YUV RGB and ously the VGA with the the VGA treats the TV other which VGA You to TV VGA VGA which the S3 Trio 64V+, S3 3D, ATI II, ET6000. of If VGA Direct or enough memory to the off-screen, then the the YUV RGB which with VGA operating or and then the directly the ory or of VGA. VGA which the S3 Trio S3 and and ET6000. This high whose VGA operating TV when as as when VGA
and Reference Also, because the directly the such as captioning and full-screen TV greater than
Troubleshooting This chapter includes troubleshooting the TV If VGA the TV played with This with the which the TV The the TV which and what used. To this first VGA of If enough memory VGA to the the from to or VGA memory to VGA or other the WIN98 CD that the directory where the located the should c:\win- dows\options\cabs of and the CD the USB98.EXE located the WIN98 the or correctly with the USB BIOS USB and to ENABLED this TV TV caused VGA
and Reference enough RAM to the TV this to which lowers quality. memory VGA might this Another of this that VGA Direct this might to VGA which Direct and with the USB. might To or of these: or interference such as other or from PC. the to TV displays The TV might the following Momentary of scrambled temporary To the switch the or then to the The might to broadcast, though the displays This and scrambled Primary.exe to DIBDRAW Snapshots correctly incorrectly. To the or both of these: to Copy the to graphics and the as
DIB It to of operation of VGA known as or DIB This helpful VGA or VGA boards when To the "PRIMARY", which with the Click Programs/WinTV and then, Click Click Force or DIB then the clicking the The the that the to the or DIB of operation. This to "Allow and clicking Allow or DIB and Reference
and Reference
the From to there might USB which the existing from the the front of this the URL). The USB with the and the Once downloaded the USB the the downloaded You the Click Next
and Reference Click Next The the existing then of to the of the to to Click OK to PC. of the You the New to the including the and the board these features). Removing the with HCWCLEAR On might to of the To this, there the CD-ROM HCWCLEAR
The HCWCLEAR found the MISC/UTILITY directory: HCWCLEAR clicking its Click OK You then the following Click If there which the of HCWCLEAR then and Reference
and Reference that there which the the following that of the USB You the or to there the that might the USB to the correctly, the USB should HCWCLEAR Restarting the with HCWRESET included the USB CD-ROM which the USB This become and the USB responding. The HCWRESET found the MISC/UTILITY directory: the and the USB
Technical Technical telephone If or compatibility, please technical USB FAQ-URL www.hauppauge.com/html/faqusb.htm Service If should with the installation, operation, or of USB there options to information and Should the or service. Technical and Customer Service service to of the to factory. If this USB only or as UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES including profits, or other caused the of the USB or to the or of such or other A-1
and Reference A-2
The Warranty Warranty Works, Inc. warrants the USB to from and workmanship of years from of purchase. option, or The warranty cover or that as of: or or operation with or other than Works or authorized Please and the Warranty this To service this warranty, or RMA Please the the Technical Support chapter. B-1
and Reference B-2