Cushioned Congratulations purchase of the Cushioned that of and durability. the Cushioned to both and functional the highest It from or enough to least or from of the that offer. hope years of and relaxation from this The Cushion Hardware: Top Curved Arms Chain and Tree Washers You wrench to Assembly Instructions: NOTE: If to Cushioned assembled to its instructions assembling the top through the the top of the cushion back (the attached to the section of cushion). Next, the (5-sided) the the front of the cushion (the attached to the section of cushion). the of the facing the of the arm. If this the completely the and correctly. Incorrect insertion and possibly tearing of the NOTE If to to the of assembly, please to Cushioned Instructions Follow the instructions the assembly of the through Then, to this instruction and the assembly instructions To the each with the top. (from the front to back) through the top then If products, toll-free service www.hatham.com through the from the of the top HAND TIGHTEN ONLY washer and To the other of the to the first through the of the arm. then through the from the of the and the other arm. 1.OD
Cushioned assembly the and that with wrench. To the On of the chain-and-ring the section of and-ring the section of with washer this and the through the of the top Tighten washer, and wrench. On the assembly the section of with washer this and the through the through the of the Tighten washer, and wrench. and the other the If to from tree or Select location that off the ground and least the tree that first should as as to assembly and of the screw to the that the of the screw with the of the NOTE: over-twist the assembly. This to the and the If the other than professional the and the installation. assembly each of the tree If products, toll-free service www.hatham.com the height of the with the chains comfort. the should the ground with slightly and The Cushioned crafted the highest It to weatherable and to to the to The of the or easy to clean. with of and cushion thoroughly with to the and or or Follow the the the thoroughly with clean and DO NOT ALLOW CHILDREN TO USE THE HAMMOCK WITHOUT DIRECT ADULT SUPERVISION. DO NOT HAVE INFANTS IN THE SWING. WARRANTY INFORMATION: Products of The HammockSource to free of workmanship and to the purchase Prolonged to weather including and covered the warranty caused or including and installation. If item found to within of its purchase, without the of the If choose to service to Authorization that allow to track once arrives thereby creating to concern. The HammockSource Office North Consumer Customer Service: 1.OD