Not Download
of Download Thank choosing II. This incorporates from while the option of facility as as the This the and of the with than the the It follows the well-established tradition of craftsmanship founded which the famous The and of clearly witnessed when chosen NASA the The II feature-packed and It includes both and to and bracketing, coupled and pre-wind of the features.
Not Download of functions The built from and the expected from such The interchangeable to the exacting coverage and sharpness top This instruction to II, please satisfied! with the and technical If please hesitate to to from FORUM published with the photo- and graphic imagery featuring photographers from the to with inspiration! appear. www.hasselblad.com of and technical information concerning products. You further choice with this exciting and to the the possibility, its to to the
Not Download Not Download Download Self-timer the VIEWFINDER Introduction photography history release PROGRAMMING FORMAT FILM GETTING STARTED Loading the Attaching the coupling ACCESSORIES EXPOSURE CONTROL (ISO) counter Battery Attaching LENSES selection service and Technical TIPS REMINDERS Troubleshooting FILM ADVANCE Auto-bracketing Focusing photography LCD GENERAL focusing Depth-of-field
the the LCD the back of the counter LCD as and the to as and the as the allow to of operation of Not Download Not Download the and touching the and with the the them and the when the back. II relation to the as when photograph, with the the front, of and otherwise stated. to straight without tablished and photographers should through the The II the that to following Please processing' to laboratory. The indicated the the headings the The switch the ON/OFF the through the items LCD and LCD this of the information the Then the sections to which activates the Information and the mechanics of
Not Download Battery cover release LCD Up/Down LCD MODE Bright PC Self-timer release release Format release Format counter LCD Shooting Shooting Shooting LCD back release catch release type Strap
of whether and type. vibration-free or shutter-release. Not Download release type The following introductory of the of the (the to the of functions and tions and headings further this procedures found the the information to the text as LCD LCD PC information and LCD of MODE countdown release when self-timer flash cord. Self-timer or of buttons accessory with and LCD Format releases from to the text as
Attaching the Started Not Download and release when completely. activation when focusing release With the and already attached to the the first through the the then through the and finally back through the Allow least of the the of and to the text as counter LCD Loading the the counter-clockwise the the and screw clockwise OFF the shooting to Unscrew the or the fresh (Lithium CR2- 3V) with the terminals as choice and self-timer C Shooting The wholly and function the exhausted or incorrectly. fresh and with
and with however, the that shows the of the the release pears together with the selected seconds of the ISO appears the TV The selected and the ISO and TV information. Not Download Battery Please The the the following icons: the shooting to S, C or Flashing The exhausted and the function. The The function The capacity indications three OFF the shooting to POWER SAVE OFF The when the active regularly. ON three of from the indications the and the switches to stand-by tomatically. the shooting from OFF to S, C or The when: Without the the ISO the manually ISO rating (or the of DX other the shooting to S, C or C the release
The consists of cover, cover and The counter-clockwise to The then approximately counter-clockwise to from the base. If, however, to turn the counter-clockwise, the released from the base. the then free from the to Not Download the release operated 'Remote release') the LCD back light the back or closed the MODE The II interchangeable specifically the II Three Aspherical, and The following information both the and the The information and therefore with its the 'Technical Specifications' the of this further of three as as of the and Further information found 'Accessories' the of this the or The and attached pinching the the of the to release its the protective and the when and separated. Attaching Firstly, the protective cover the counter-clockwise and the the with the the the the the
screw-threaded M49 should used. together without with the II TTL factors the amount of increase each as they account. or should however, to the Not Download clockwise, when from the front, clicks and The the the to match the of the chosen Three and (with respectively and using Each with including type. Removing the the the counter-clockwise while the release button. the the when attaching and and the focusing or 'Accessories' further information about and and to include factors the Depth-of-field Focusing
focusing The coupled-type the of bright the of the field-of- the that 'ghosted' of of the The turned the 'ghosted' with the that from the You that containing or or the to the to other of the containing or that approximately the from the those and then to You to the its there within the when photographing Not Download with the the Turn the counter-clockwise (when from the clicks and tion the locking Match the the of the specifically other of recommended. The that should first or attached, or the first the locking catch counter-clockwise. of the right of the fitted, there this affects the directly the and from otherwise focusing. The focused turning the covered focusing that surrounds the Focusing the or the cusing'. focusing the chosen the the Focusing
The coupled type with the of to the of the and chosen The to The to the The interchangeable to when photographing eyesight. Not Download Depth-of-field Depth-of-field the amount of sharpness and as the following The and the reading from the the depth-of-field of the to the focusing the of the this the depth-of-field from to the The of the other +2D, +0.5D, -2D, -3D and -4D. The and of the clicking and the locking the locking ton and the from its release There the of the section of this that the depth-of-field the of and and field from to with the and from to with the when focused and the depth-of- depth-of-field Please to the selection' the of this of
flashing the together with release that the correctly or that switched from to when remained the turn the as as to the tion when selecting the Not Download Format the the to the (counter- clockwise already the while the depressed. The the and the counter the of that chosen of The following (ISO (DX)) From the the clockwise while the and the to the The the top of the the the and the counter the of though the The displays the top of the to f/stop f/stop the "N" or the "R" of the Auto-bracketing f/stop or f/stop)
(ISO) Not Download or back the when the section Access the the MODE 1s. Select the function repeated of the MODE and the using the or buttons. Confirm the selected (or by: If to the the recommended (ISO/ASA/DIN) and the DX consisting of exposed then the shooting to Press the MODE the 1s. Press repeatedly ISO appears the top of the Select DX the buttons. Confirm MODE or the release DX shown the and the ISO rating indicated the the MODE the release Waiting seconds Confirmation using the the MODE item the as as instructions respective type of the respective function headings further this If there DX the or to the recommended ISO rating of the the manually the the this the as DX to the and the The from IS0 through and the selection the Proceed to the as below. Self-timer or 10s) selected the arrow or buttons the shooting to Self-timer Auto-bracketing and the switched off.
and the pulled accordingly. If the upwards the back and from the the back. Press the of the back towards the hear to locked. The from the the first and the turned off. Not Download ISO otherwise the the If the ISO with the extracted to its the the and closing the back. The of the back the the to the the or of the choice switching the from OFF to while holding the MODE the with the text or shown. Select with the tons which type Confirm the release choice shown the If ISO to the the the back release catch as the and upwards. The back released. the or with or them! With the shooting OFF the as the which round the the 'top' of the first that the seated securely the enough to the tongue of the the that the the the housing If while the ISO (DX) then wound and the and the the with the 'OFF' While the the
automatically. This that switching the back and forth, The the and when that the the of the the the the counter (empty). Not Download the while the count the the completely from the the off. The the of to If the back the the when closing the back the rewound flashing (empty) as warning. The of the Therefore with instance, the counter If the counter of the back and the of the with the If the counter flashes, of the and the The appear to normally empty. the and of information the type ity) or that the chooses to match the that The TTL centre-weighted, reading and the light the Counter The the of every It account the chosen
this information when using the lighting the of the the of the This might when using fast bright or lighting Not Download LCD the shows the and indicating or The of the the both the and It of (vertically and readings with the both the and Normal photographic and apply when reading or with to the tonal of the chosen the of bright the of the back light the seconds. the release the reading. the release to its the to light approximately seconds. The and the that EV flashing light of (too or too bright If the At the the to or the You then the without to the to the If within the the the It Press the release to the the to the the to the within the as the
of than the the and the and flashing Not Download (too and flashing (too bright) the the and the and flashing (too and flashing than EV flashing EV showing than EV overexposure flashing EV overexposure showing showing (too bright) and flashing
ton, to the and the the where this where there to reading from or where of the instead. EV with the amount of correction automatically. Not Download It the to the and as this Press the MODE the 1s. Press the release to the the and/or the both appear the TV The and the pears the right the the Press repeatedly AEB Select the amount of with the buttons and MODE or the release flashing light of (too or too bright shown the as as the amount of appears the though the amount of to photograph light background, the TTL reading) of the 'back obtained technically or creatively the There to this the choice of the type of Where there bright areas- with white the foreground tones and the release to the While the the
to the each This when using that It and overexposes the using the chosen as three or EV ations Proceed as follows: Download where front of instance, or ted where the background light while of the the MODE the 1s. repeatedly AEB and appear the right the Select the with the buttons. Confirm MODE or the release AEB shown the as as the shown the the to or C. The corrected where, light coloured front of background. this TTL reading reading that would overexposed tion of background tone that to the and the to might sunlight background The amount of from to the and the the as or Press the release (or release) and the three exposed. The consecutively They indicated the as follows EV choice of this Auto-bracketing to the back to The auto-bracketing function allows to of increased and to without
off the to to incorrectly as or The include using both and only the AEB AEB shown the Not Download The bracketing function when the turned off and to reactivated when switched The function off the MODE displays displays displays AEB activated when or the The and the flashing and when the bracketing AEB function activated with only three and the switch to If release the the release (or release) too the operation the from where stopped. That to release the the first the the Therefore, when the release turned off the or the the first AEB 0.5EV and the that, overexposed 0.5EV. The information concerning the the the the and the AEB the when the reactivated. The and flashing appear the the or while the or AEB You the the AEB MODE combined with AEB to the information the when the and to to this AEB the or turn- AEB
LCD Not Download The advanced to the with of This of the heard when the light located below the the lighting too too the LCD information the LCD back as the The nated and the inactive of seconds. The lighting then automatically. The tion the lighting off the the C as as the release pressed. the C the the and the The backlighting brightness cally the light The facility. This the of the bright the with the focusing to of the subject. photography If the to cover the and the switched to the and as warning.
the front of the when the release as this the reading. The reading the of pressing the release AE Check, therefore, to that there the lighting the Not Download The the top plate of the to the of the This the from the subject. The to to of the as the and appears the the to the The To the MODE the 1s. repeatedly flashing appears the Select with the to non-flashing Confirm the the release and shown the or 10s) with the buttons the to 10s, the self-timer located the front of the to the right of the lights seconds and flashes three seconds as countdown cation. to the self-timer flashing immediately release. Press the release the repeatedly to the You the function the MODE with Auto-bracketing. The then fire and the the self-timer started, turning the switch back to C or OFF
There from to the PC or Please flash user further information. Not Download Photography (IR) than further from the than the light. To this to the chosen the IR and the Proceed as follows: the selected, the should to cover the field of With the should choose that normally the With the should choose that would normally the the the focusing that the the as The to the or the of the Press the MODE the 1s. Press repeatedly appears the of the the of the or the of the choice with the buttons. Confirm MODE or the release shown the as as choice or the focusing to this the IR instead of the The shows focused instruction of and Please with choice of High and white slightly the of the the
the located below the The recessed to the of or to Not Download Remote release of releases attached to the II, which release type of release that the as the tion. There optional release II. It the as the mechanical releases history The of with the the With the turned off, the and while switch the shooting to The of release activates the (including the and fires the immediately. which chosen the the and the release ton to the and the with release. Each You that around This of testing and of This facility to whether the should serviced. If or of and the of to ratory that of the and to such Normal as their allow the of and the incorrectly. the 'B', the the The this seconds. Normally the rewound the the exposed. To the however,
The II with front protective Quick-coupling plate (together with and fixing and At the of this containing the optional the II, of which below. to the and attached the or attached the screw the baseplate. Remote releases release Not Download containing and The as of informing or the of the that the covers the type and the DX the Additional from You of the clearly other to that the manually. Quick-coupling plate Further information about and the location of from with the laboratory first to The Quick-coupling allows to the optional accessory from the and to and this The plate together with fixing and wrench. the
The of the light, which the appear- ance of noticeable photography high The of reduce this somewhat and of tone Not Download the of the and screw the clockwise the the the matches its respective the and to screw the securely attached. The the photo- graphic as protection the front only and scratches and The fits the hot-shoe and both and photography. This when photographing buildings, these the of or recommended. The to high anti-reflection MTF and there The with the however, that correctly; tions. the whether the the or the that the the the as as that the to and the the The from with than light basic of reduces the the corners of the roughly f-stop. This light the corners photography when using The with the and the
Photographers normally to with SLR should that the when Flashing and flashing warning appear the Not Download using however, light off and this to greater the Therefore, when and with the there to other of or the II TTL to and They the optics and focusing through the The to light fall-off the corners to reduce the amount of the of the The tion of the and reduction of the outer The the of the to f-stop that the correctly photograph. the ASA/ISO previous and to the DX to The to high anti-reflection MTF and there the that accurately, or least allow If to to instance, forced to off slightly than to correction the to the length. The performance to or
appears as light plications. This and to stopped-down To this of or and The completely the Not Download If the back finished the only the and the The already wound back the as the II of the first and that roughly the that light This when the the of lighting or tonal, to the that their relation to the background to and therefore, exactly as the This of with the of turning off the when The function the three of inactivity something and often include of photography. If tone or with white such the sufficiently to of the the reading from of the of the or At the the to them These then and while the warmed. to the when The the C C. The around C and This and of the and the light
Please that the including the correction constructed from coated tic to the of scratching Not Download Recommended Ophthalmology SPHERICAL selection The below the choice of correction with Firstly, which would Then that ophthalmic terms O.D the right and O.S the the off the that If than recommended that wear and focusing.
Technical Specifications Not Download Bright light), switch bright Coupled with interchangeable and type: switch-over to fitted, LCD showing and Pre-wind type, positioning to wind-on, indications. of or interlocked to coupled Focusing: rewind. selection of of the the or easy of with to type: and Format:
and or and from and respectively Not Download LCD. shows of Illuminated. counter: s. the or the of the EV EV 540s) s, from self-timer with or Activated or TTL measured weighted switch EV4 EV19 release IS0 DX and IS0 EV EV or EV bracketing EV EV
ISO, bracketing, and Not Download history. LCD information: only: H. CR2 (6V only: without
focusing of Not Download Aspherical LENSES: focusing of terms when terms when focusing of when
II professional and should years of service the followed Service and If however, back this to the section first of the Then the below to to Authorised Service the Not Download Troubleshooting You the 'OFF7 or exhausted. the release pressed. when ISO to DX with incorrectly closing back. release while turning You the (ISO) incorrectly. Whole overexposed. New wound to first unexposed.
Service and Not Download should treated with they with high cleaning to scratch the or of the with If to allow Authorized Service to them. The II to withstand the of professional To the of however, should protected from the following: both and to and of these Allow the to disassembly. to the such High as as of EQUIPMENT CARE physical protective should try to of of protective or to sought Loss. and should to theft. and should professional users. You should to and and from to from and the with blower or necessary. Smears the
II protective Not Download with the following You should to service and to reliability. If constantly and intensively, every months recommended of the Authorized Service They the and specialised to that SERVICE Quick-coupling (with II wrench) that bought from authorised covered international The and with the the the and to GUARANTEE Complete with as aspherical with as with correction with the following
and Not Download Optional Rear Optional Release II Leather Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Correction Rear Protective cover, with the following Rear Protective cover, with the following
Not Download