and Reference USB
and Reference Works, Inc. Telephone: NY Support: Works, Telephone: BBS: Works, Chambers Borough High Street Technical Support: U.K. SE1 9QQ BBS: Technical Copyright Works, Inc. Technical
Interference The USB tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or FCC ID: H90WINCAST CAUTION: or the to the FCC the authority to the CE This tested and with EN EN and IEC CE FCC
and Reference Revision FCC CE the board the the Connecting to VCR, or Connecting USB to Sound Card the The The The the Motion the easy to TV TV Print, Copy to the of the shortcut to the Creating with of the the of with performance.....................................................3-7 Table of
Reception of the software to the WinTV-radio Application the WinTV-radio The WinTV-radio the WinTV-radio the Works Troubleshooting Troubleshooting the the TV TV TV displays Snapshots correctly...............................................7-3 the the the with HCWCLEAR....................................8-2 Restarting the with HCWRESET Technical Technical telephone ......................................................................A-1 Service ........................................................................................................A-1 Warranty Warranty......................................................................................................B-1 and the of Inc. Microsoft and and the Microsoft of Microsoft Corporation. IBM and PC of International Corporation.
This covers of the USB FM References to the USB apply to The of the USB to as the and the CD-ROM to as the CD- ROM The which to this as the tion, TV or PC There the and the Both the features, and which features (such as the chapter the which these features of the USB displays VGA the chapter Works Introduction
the USB To USB or follow these the USB PC or USB booting the from the USB CD-ROM the USB then the software from the CD-ROM The following shows the and of the USB Since there with and tions, of the FM: FM TV: TV or TV to sound input with input ote: DO NOT PLUG THE PC PC booted..
and Reference of the or sound the and sound to FM USB-FM with FM Warranty CD-ROM with: and Microsoft the ote: DO NOT PLUG THE PC PC booted.. Turn and and/or
Then the of the USB the back of PC, USB or the or the the New appear. Select Search the (Recommended) Click NEXT this the USB CD-ROM CD-ROM Select CD-ROM and NEXT Once the detected, NEXT You of to Click FINISH to to CD ROM and Reference
and Reference ote: to the of CD- ROM that If SE, CD-ROM. correctly the manually the from the CD-Rom. the USB and the to manually the Once the finished, manually the SETUP.EXE the directory to the Connecting the to VCR, or or RCA To the to the shielded supplied) with RCA both from the VCR or to the input the ote: USB high input which to (supplied) to to or VCR.
To the from VCR or and RCA onthe other and the RCA the VCR or to the the USB Connecting the to Sound Card The board's should to sound the of the the J4) the USB the other of the soundcards sound three round the of the PC. They Microphone and The would to while the Microphone input might to microphone using The normally indicated the sound the IN or the the of PC. This where would and would to the USB to the Mic input the or to of the Once the connected to Sound Card, the the from the USB the sound of the The normally with or the sound and allows the of from the sound If hear sound when the the of The ote: If RCA to these found stores. and Reference
and Reference clicking Start/Programs/Accessories/Multimedia/VolumeControl or Start/Programs/Accessories/Entertainment/VolumeControl or the (found normally the right of You should as of the selections. If then Options/Properties and the following Then OK You should selection the Select checked, then the to about of the to the top. This should the If muted or selected, or to hear from the USB. the the the AUD the ID should the the should the the and
Snapshot each thumbnail to the the from the USB CD- ROM background. or clicking its Once the initialized, should the RED light the USB You and then the or The first to TV Click OK The Application Preferences Switch Color/Audio Snapshot TV Click right to Click to Click and right to the TV or Software
and Reference Previous Motion TV Watch TV TV
If TV the Broadcast/Cable Format North America choose NTSC South America choose PAL or PAL the of TV which active You the clicking the then clicking the to the that would to displayed the To the or and INPUT Sources Highlight COMPOSITE and ADD and then ADD and Reference
and Reference With switch the high clicking the the this the Click the the to the and to or motion to the CFG (found the Snapshot You to
To reduce the of motion the with tion, the option choose (Motion) Motion You switch the the motion clicking the Motion the its location). to motion the 422/YUV tion) to motion first the software the RC the right of Then the Advanced (to the advanced and then the FMT and Reference
and Reference performance when the Format to YUY2 or BTYUV and the to Although than the and the The of to the of fps) the the Motion or clicking the FILE the The to the TV the options and the appear or the and right buttons, the used. easy to The and The right clicked the to or the and and to turn off the TV These and You back and forth and clicking right when the The clicking and holding the of the and to the Then
the clicking and holding the holding and to the tion. You and VGA the and Then clicking with the right the switch from and the to the other! clicking right the of the TV and what To the of the with the when of the corners of the win- and then it to the then release the to without the of the the right the win- and the Then the to its and location the the right ton the and the the and location NoTitleMode Every the right clicking the the and to the With which and shown when the and NoTitleBar clicking You the and the the or the the TV To the TV with the Configure/Channels/SuiteManager. the the From the and Reference
and Reference or You which of the of TV and this News. allow to of the that through those To Then the then You then the and to the To to the right the (the You then of Click the to switch to. Click Display/Preferences/View and then the Aspect Ratio On forces the TV height and ratio to turned off allow aspect On the TV when and the when the
TV Click Display/Preferences/View and then the TV Allow Once Allow Change, then the TV the the switch to and Copy to The to or with the of and Reference
and Reference of these clicked the memory instead of the VGA then the DIB which internally and then back the VGA memory that the which or This becomes the The which to to or black/white or to the These functions from the There things which to noted. of with the the and of the there might the there motion while the memory. This artifact. Another item to that the when DIB than when motion. You the brightness, and and clicking These the the and both the and the the You the brightness, and of the TV the Click to the
The Always-on-Top and Aspect ratio buttons found the operation without Always-on-Top The Always-on-Top the TV top of other this easily the TV to the clicking the right the of the TV Aspect ratio The TV aspect unclicking the Aspect Ratio the the TV to or With Aspect Ratio the win- forced to of the the functions of the and Reference
and Reference Copy to Copy from Ctrl+F TV Ctrl+T +M Right title off TV shortcut You shortcut to the To this, right background. Then New You should the following Then Shortcut Click then the directory
Then NEXT to to the shortcut. and Reference
Creating with of which the USB as (or the This the Application and Microsofts WDM which built and type AVI Interleaved) This and, optionally, USB high AVI This with such as JPEG and MPEG, where of to reduce the amount of high performance to To the the following Compress/Edit, the software with these the effects, of the such as MGI or U-Lead editing the the the playback creating to tion, with or If creating MPEG to to of CD-ROM.
and Reference The easy-to-use that AVI to and back the AVI to VGA and playback editing such as or U-Lead to With the of that tured and the of the You to to PC to the terms of and second) CPU and -Software Remote the The back the PCs, might To the FMT
The of when highest performance, choose the YUY2 OR RGB These and performance of YUY2 OR RGB to with or and to the or If to and back performance, choose and back performance including CPU and the of To the of The of RAM The of the the of and possibly creating clicking clicking the with To with the USB connected to sound of sound To the USB to sound the following: the of the the of the sound board. and Reference
and Reference the recording correctly and muted. the then the recording Recording the following and that the muted and with PC than If PC while and together, then the with the from The with the or the off and second, With MMX (or and reasonably should to the YUY2 OR RGB The of the of the while the the of frames/second. the YUY2 OR RGB the following chart shows consumed:
Kbytes/sec Kbytes/sec Mbytes/sec of At to about of To reduce the amount of the using of the (such as or U-Leads editing, the software playback such as or (both of these Typical achieved these performance DoubleSpace or other This Turn off and to professionals and This allows them to the track top of the while editing. increase the performance of There the which higher formance These interleaving and to caused to the track. They with both IDE and SCSI interfaces. and Reference
Reception ONLY) and other of the to with invisible of the TV the or VBI. normally ted which the that received, and which they the VBI TV broadcaster, and the USB the of follows. and the the right hand corner:(The shown selected selected- this section). USB sophisticated software which exclusively the allows to or and that other applications. The to active while the
and Reference Starting If the CD-ROM, then from the CD-ROM To the or the TELE This the TV and The USB the and the You to VTPLUS within the or tions. to and choose ADD and the VTPLUS The first that recommended that first the to options and that the selected Background Memory Active. If Background Memory Active selected and then, temporarily, to the option.
Reception These the UK. Reception when this red, received. shortcut information the Select indicates, when that there the light there the Select indicates, when that there the light there the the and there the Select light button: shortcut Show/HiddenCharacters. this might such as VPS or from *TOP *Select TV invisible text Next Previous and Reference service
and Reference Quickselect using the Ctrl+N and the If this to ously the received, the updated), the Continuously reference to other the TV section of to background information which transmitted other Quickselect allows to these directly. the the the and appears with the select- If to to the the while double-clicking the the and the selected appear the With Quickselect, once. If to such as Prices: the first with click, and the reception with Doubleclick the The the selected than News from selected with and Doubleclick The reception win- each of the within the selected numbers. with DDE created the and DDE. DDE from include the Microsoft EXCEL spreadsheet and Microsoft WORD. To to highlight the section of the of the highlight with the the item of the of the field the holding and releasing the the of the field.
Then Edit/Copy option from the and the The information the PC memory. To to the DDE (such as spreadsheet), and choose the option. to the the selected field the the to DDE Updates through the DDE when and every when the option Continuously ote: DDE to the to and the to shown. and Reference
and Reference
If purchased the to TV stations the FM band. The inputs, TV and FM If TV (or TV both TV and FM to the TV only: the Application Click and then to the The the The the the the Application FM TV
and Reference the Search the active FM FM To assign the to and then of the Preset buttons Turn off the sound. Force reception. Scan: Searches stations Stop. Click the RIGHT anywhere the to the Scan the CD: the CD-Player back TV: the and the OFF: the the To assign to Preset the following: the with the (or Click the It to red. Click of the Preset buttons the right the RIGHT the this
Scan chosen and the Scan clicked, the stations which assigned to the Preset buttons. Scan chosen and the Scan clicked, stations. of to the buttons shown. Tips: Turn on/off the and Reference
and Reference
ready TV and USB and the following software the to TV or selects the input The from the chosen to the the while the from the selected and compressed. The the USB PC. Once the PC, the software the and reconstituted to graphics each and other PAL areas). graphics then the to the that chosen the Typically, the to the from the the to the sound sound subsystem then this with other the of software, with MMX required. The which the the clock of and whether other such as Works
and Reference
This chapter includes troubleshooting the TV If VGA the TV played with This with the which the TV The the TV which and what used. To this first VGA of If enough memory VGA to the the from to or VGA memory to VGA or other the WIN98 CD that the directory where the the should c:\win- dows\options\cabs installation of and the CD the USB98.EXE located the WIN98 the or correctly with the USB BIOS USB and to ENABLED this TV TV caused VGA enough RAM to the TV this to which memory VGA might this Another of this that VGA Troubleshooting
and Reference Direct this might to VGA which Direct and with the USB. might To try or of these: or interference such as other or from PC. the to TV displays The TV might the following Momentary of The might to broadcast, though the displays This and scrambled Primary.exe to DIBDRAW Snapshots correctly incorrectly. To the or both of these: to Copy the to graphics and the as DIB It useful to of operation of VGA as or DIB This helpful VGA temporary To the switch the or then to the
or VGA boards when To the "PRIMARY", which with the Click Programs/WinTV and then, Click Primary. Click Force or DIB then the clicking the X. The the that the to the or DIB of tion. This to "Allow and clicking Allow or DIB and Reference
and Reference
the From to there might USB which the existing from the the front of this the URL). The USB combined with the and the Once the USB the the downloaded You the following Click Next
and Reference Click Next The the existing then of to the of the to to Click OK to PC. of the You the New to the applications, including the and the these the with HCWCLEAR On might to of the To this, there the CD-ROM HCWCLEAR. The HCWCLEAR found the MISC/UTILITY directory:
HCWCLEAR clicking its Click OK. You then the following Click If there which the of HCWCLEAR, then that there which the the following and Reference
and Reference that of the USB You the or to there the that might using the USB to the correctly, the USB should HCWCLEAR Restarting the with HCWRESET included the USB CD-ROM which the USB This become and the USB responding. The HCWRESET found the MISC/UTILITY directory: the and the USB
Technical If or compatibility, please technical USB FAQ-URL: www.hauppauge.com/html/faqusb.htm Service If should with the installation, operation, or of USB, there options to information and Should the or service. Technical and Customer Service service to of the to factory. If this USB only or as UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES including profits, or other caused the of the USB or to the or of such or other Technical A-1
and Reference A-2
The Warranty Warranty Works, Inc. warrants the USB to free from and workmanship of years from of purchase. option, or The warranty cover or that as of: or or operation with or other than Works or authorized Please and the Warranty this To service this warranty, or RMA Please the the Technical Support chapter. B-1
and Reference B-2