Flextight
A/S. rights Flextight B. The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of software or products. Flextight, and of A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. OS, ColorSync, and of Apple Computer, Inc. Printed
of Introduction Mounting and Unmounting the Loading Scanning with the Troubleshooting the the Preventive Technical Information and Restrictions Mounting the Unmounting the Loading Directly the Batch Scanning with Scanning Checking the Correcting the Specifications CE Declaration
Introduction The optional accessory Flextight It to to and to batch to It which to while loaded. While the from the and the where light shown through the and the to The to those typically that This repeated selected scanned. This information about the Flextight and Restrictions of the included to and the mount or unmount the when the switched the software-guided when mounting or unmounting the from Mounting and Unmounting the the which the to This of and includes to the and securely. the this when using If the to service, this or the refused. the and instructions.
the and location where they The and that injury. the while the the originals or the switch the with the attached, the the its already there. the while the the amount of often to servicing the and/or the supply from the the It to the on/off the Flextight OS or or OS Flextight or XP or
C of the the closed; to the and the and the with and mounted this where they scanned. The to when the rotates around this The from this thereby to when ready to flashes when the switched (Yellow) Lights when the positioning the or positioning the optics. Scan (Red) Lights when scanning. the or while this If the light flashing when scanning, then occurredplease Flextight C
C C Loading This the the the White each the white through this Tension that each correctly as the each from the back this plate wrapped the internal of the top plate this plate and the
Mounting and Unmounting the The both mounting and unmounting the to/ from that the software-guided below, which that the mechanical of the and correctly each this software when to mount or the and/or Also, the that the correctly its mount or the with switched It to both and Mounting the the below to mount the If already Flextight to and the software as and software Confirm that the correctly using of the If there mounted the then the light its front instructions. the Flextight that its front with the of The the of the when mounted. the turned and the software. If already then and the
Select from the The Click the Mount The Mount which through each of the the The this each Click the The then to the and The Mount with instructions. the and its back the and mounting as shown below.
of the showing the (A) and mounting (B). the batch-feeder the front of the Flextight and the and mounting the as shown below. These match the and of the Flextight with the batch-feeder showing the (A) and mounting (B).
the with while holding the the with other hand. the and the back of the with the and the Gently the and that the and with the Turn the its on/off switch. that the turned back The Mount with instructions. Click the Mount The its and then the Mount to mount the the the top and It rotates its and then exposing the C with top facing below). the this where the this
C The attached to and with its showing the (A), (B), (C) and top (D). the and with the heavy facing and the facing the it with both its right and corners respectively as shown
the the the from the front of the and the the the the Gently the the to force back to and the Mount The the and the the You then to the which the and active.
Click to the the rotating and that the clicks the top. The mounted and ready Flextight with the attached and ready
Unmounting the To the the software-guided below to that the and the correctly Turn the and the software. Select from the The Press the Unmount The the the Mount instructed the the the top and Then to to the
The Mount with instructions. instructed the the from the with both the and right corners, and and from the as shown below. the the the the Mount The then
The Mount with instructions. the rotating and that the the top. Unmount the and Click the Mount the light and switch the
Loading and might to directly the or to (or while the other Loading Directly the the the top and It its and then the C with top facing below). C The with its showing the (A), (B), (C) and top (D).
that already scanned. Then, the front/top of the the which would to them. front of the each with the top and with text showing Work the back of the mounted of the to or there Usually, should however, would to the or batches, then each batch. the rotating and that the the top. with the front of the (the the towards) and the which would to them. each with the top and with text showing as from the front of the Usually, should when the however, would to the or batches, then each batch. to and the the top and It rotates its (B) and then the (C) with top (D) facing The from its this the of the the with and the with the other hand. the from below and about the that holding the to the steady while other to the straight from the from to right The free from its
the from its the with its facing both the four corners of the together shown below) to the from the the its four corners (as indicated the arrows) to free from the
the which finished and the as the At the broad plate and with notch each this the of the with the first facing the top below). the the with the of the and the clicks both the top and The of the broad plate (A) and notched (B); this the of the when the the back to the when the the with and the with the other. the the of the the the top of the Press the that the the rotating and pressing that the the top.
Scanning with the Batch Scanning with The as of this strongly the and flexibility. The and of to each This the to of the correction and while that from Once of the each TIFF or JPEG which of applied. the to If then these with the with history of the from might, white newspaper, and The the of to outlined below. If of to then (or that with as another scanned. Either the the or
of using the preview/scan the to the Scan the as the the following: the Destination to which to If would to each batch, the then, each batch below the Destination and the there. Either the of the recently the Thumbnails immediately the batch finished. based the the field, Usually, the Crop to the of the that covered the If both and originals batch, should the to Detection. This
to each to whether or It then the or Negative that selected. If of originals or then the to match (though this selection or Negative the type selected. If would to TIFF selected then the TIFFs You the TIFF using the or selected and below the To highlight and automatically, the This of selected based of each This when the TIFFs Usually, should Scan of which that the with allowing the and that reducing this or Alternatively, that with known and might the to to the and to the From and To to the first and to from the Click Scan the Scan to of selected to To to and the to TIFF or JPEG which with image-editing and DTP light of from selected and to history and each the to
with the the light each to and then the back the history the finished batch, then batch-process to them as TIFF or JPEG with applied. might choose to allowing that to and while the workstation scanning. where there Flextight the to of the Scanning that the when with the to of when to might to the preview/scan which TIFF right without You might the batch-scan which and/or with directly to TIFF rather than The preview/scan and batch-scan the of to these features when the attached below, which includes using the
Click the Batch Scan to the Batch Scan If already shown, the heading the Batch Scan clicking the to the heading. the field to the to You the directly using or clicking the and buttons to the field. the that the AF You when mountings thickness and each slightly its mounting. Click the The then the to selected and preview. such as rotation, and the as the Either clicking Scan the or the to the the Batch Scan clicking the there (this to based their and then them once
about to with the Batch Scan please the If using the then and of the to this batch; then Scan the Batch Scan to them
Troubleshooting and to them. to mount the to the of Then, the software-guided mounting the as Mounting the The the or software. The the and enough. Gently, firmly, the the the and the turned the the front of the light. Mounting the that that the the that the the Loading the to its To this, and to the Then the to home. that that the the that the mounted correctly. It should perfectly straight to and the that the the caught the front of the instead of Mounting the
the to its To this, that the the that light directly the The the of the to the and to the Then the to scanning Loading to the of the this confused light directly the centered. the
the The to perfectly with that slightly of the of the If the correctly the then to as below. however, this necessary. Usually, to this once Checking the To the mount the to and the as Mounting the Then inspect the to perfectly within the If too to the or right, then the the or of the It the of the claiming that the cant the If the each of the and the correction to Correcting the If the correctly the then the below to the If the currently mounted, then the software-assisted to the as Unmounting the Inspect the back of the and the that the to its mounting as below
Unlocking/locking the the placeone the other located the other of the mounting to the wrench to both of the slightly, them. the of the mounting plate the and indicated from inspection of the Tighten the the software-assisted to mount the to the as Mounting the Inspect the once this as the the of the when mounted.
the or To the or the the software-guided Unmounting the that the its home to the the which originally This of and includes to the and securely. the the or the the top of and the that the with the back of the facing the the the top and the The or If the other than then to the If to the to that the securely that furthermore the If to the to its the shipped other than its
Preventive Flextight should serviced every or months, whichever first. If mounted, the recommended of that the mounted Please that previews counted as Flextight counter that the of from Please to the to learn about the of or from of service and/or covered the factory warranty. If to of the to authorized
Technical Information Specifications Flextight footprint with batch Scan software or OS OS (or (or or to Scanning to MB
CE Declaration