Flextight and Batch
A/S. rights Flextight and E. The information this furnished informational only, to with- and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of using software or products. and Flextight of A/S. and toshop of Inc. OS, and ColorSync of Apple Computer, Inc. Printed
of Introduction the or Mounting and Unmounting the Batch Loading the Scanning with the Batch Troubleshooting the the or Preventive Information and Restrictions Batch Mounting the Batch Unmounting the Batch Batch Scanning with 3F Custom and Scans the the the the Specifications CE Declaration
Introduction The Batch to to to batch with Flextight or This information about the Batch Flextight or Topics and instructions instructions Instructions the instructions and Restrictions of the included to and the Batch or the when the switched the software-guided when mounting or unmounting the from Mounting and Unmounting the Batch the which the to This of and includes to the and securely. the this when using the the screws and its If the to service, this or the refused. the or Ship- instructions.
the switch the the its already there. the while the servicing the and/or the supply from the It to the on/off the the and location where they The and that using the amount of to the of the attached the while the the originals or the scanning. or with mounted. to mounted or when the the Flextight or Additional OS or or OS or XP or
Batch C Flextight with Batch Flextight (or Batch cover to the originals and from showing showing when ready to Flashes when the switched lights when the sitioning the optics, or Scan (Red) lights when scanning. the or while this If the light flashing when scanning, then occurred please Flextight C
the or to the the screws that the They located the of the the back as shown below. On these clearly which to them Location of the screws the back to both the and the screws You should the its while You the screws and the to the to or back to service). the or information about to the Batch
Mounting and Unmounting the Batch The both mounting and unmounting the to/from that the software-guided which that the mechanical of the and correctly each this software when to mount or the and/or Also, the that the correctly its Mounting the Batch the software-guided below to mount the It otherwise to the and/or while mount- the If already Flextight to and the software as and software Confirm that the correctly using of the If there mounted the then the light its front instructions. the turned and the If already then and the Select from the
The Click the Mount The Mount which through each of mounting the The this each Click the The to the and The Mount with instructions.
the Batch and its back should (A) and of mounting (B), as shown below. of the Batch showing the tor (A) and mounting (B). the batch-feeder the front of the Flextight and the and mounting the as shown below These match the and of the Flextight with the batch-feeder showing the (A) and mounting (B).
the Batch firmly with while holding the batch-scan the with other hand. the and the back of the with the and the Gently the and that the and with the Turn the its on/off switch. that the turned back The Mount with instructions. Click to the Mount If the Batch to with of and them If the smoothly, then ready to the the and then to the to match this please the
Unmounting the Batch the software-guided below to unmount the It otherwise to the and/or while mounting the Turn the and the software. Select from the The Press the Unmount The the its and displays the Mount instructed the to the and unmounting.
The and the Mount with instructions. If there the then them They should easy to force. the and from the its the or Click to the Mount You to the Click to the If to the light the light and switch the its on/off switch.
Loading the Loading originals the To originals Batch to and the follow- that with the otherwise the to the properly. of to with Flextight the the first the the to (To the back NOTE! that the from the top and from C
IMPORTANT: or the while the One to to the on/off C the then scanning, the and originals and the of originals or of the Batch to and the batch scanning of the to originals as Scanning with the Batch tation instructions.
Scanning with the Batch Batch Scanning with The Batch as of originals this strongly the efficiency and flexibility. The and of to each This the to of the correction and while that from Once of the each TIFF or JPEG which of applied. the to If then these with the with history of the from the might, white newspaper, brochure, and The the of to outlined below. the Batch with to originals as Load- the
Instead of the preview/scan the to the Scan the as the the following: the Destination to which to If would to each batch, the then, each batch below the Destination and the there. Either the of the recently displayed the Thumbnails immediately the batch finished. based the the age field, the Batch mounted, the tected each This batches to
If both and originals batch, should to Detection. This or to each to whether or It then the or Negative that selected. If of originals or then the to match (or this selection or ative the type selected. If would to TIFF using selected then the TIFFs You the TIFF below the To highlight and automatically, the This of selected based of each This when the TIFFs Usually, should Scan of which that the with each allowing the and that reducing this or tively, that with known and might the to to the and to the From tion and To to the first and to from the Click Scan the Scan to of selected originals to To to and the to TIFF or JPEG which with image-editing and DTP light of from selected and to history and each the to
with the the light each to and then the back the history the finished batch, then batch-process to them as TIFF or JPEG with applied. might choose to shared allowing that to and while the tion scanning. where there Flextight the to of the Custom and Scans that the when with the Batch might to the batch-scan which to from each and/or each The of this of TIFF with permanently to each of them, rather than the The batch-scan the of to this when the Batch attached below, which includes the and the Batch Scan to the Batch Scan
If already shown, the heading the Batch Scan clicking the to the heading. the field to the first batch-loader to You the directly or clicking the and buttons to the field. Click the The then the to selected and of the selected Select and, necessary, such as rotation, corrections and the as the clicking Scan the or the to the the Batch Scan clicking the there (this to based their and then them once
about to with the Batch Scan please the If the then and of the to this batch; then Scan the Batch Scan to them
Troubleshooting and to them. The the or software. The the and enough. Gently, firmly, the the the and the turned the the front of the light. Mounting the Batch The or of the The correctly and the as the It to of the Batch There the affected the the should of which If the the that with
the The to perfectly with tight and that slightly of the of the If correctly the then to as below. You should both the which the and the which however, this Usually, to this once the The should the with from top to It should farther from the the top than it from the the below to the and necessary. the software-assisted to mount the to the as Mounting the that the with the front of the The the top and the the and the should as indicated
the If the to both the and right then the of this If the then the software- assisted to unmount the from the as scribed Unmounting the the that with Batch It thin with notches each the to the the of the shown
the Loading The that its rectly the mounted the the the below and of the smoothly operation. the to the that they as though they the of the the the software-assisted to remount the to the as Mounting the to the correct. If then this the the software-assisted when mounting or unmounting the the correctly, the to the the back of the If the currently mounted, then the software-assisted to the as Unmounting the
the that with Batch It thin with notches each the to the self-locking the right the of the as indicated NOTE! to the Unlocking/locking the the software-assisted to mount the to the as Mounting the when to the the Mount
Click the button. The which through the of the You already the The its and the with instructions. the the the first and the as shown the notch the of the the the
the the and right to the the with reference to the the the the finished the back to and the
The and the with instructions. the and the to the locking the of the Re-mount the and then the the the The to that the Click to the
You to the Click to the and then of them using They should smoothly and of the If or then this If this, please
the or the To the while The the If to the to or back to Has- service, then the following: the using the software-guided mounting the Batch the which originally This of and includes to the and securely. the the or the the top of and the that the the the the top and the the the software-guided mounting the Batch both the screws and storage/shipping which originally
the of the back of the and the to the below). the screws these and them that the secured. the and the or the the top of and the that the the the the top and the to the top of the that the the screws the back of the If to the to shipped its the shipped other than its
Preventive Flextight should serviced every or months, whichever first. If mounted, the recommended of that the mounted Please that counted as Flextight counter that the of from Please to the to learn about the of or from of service and/or covered the factory warranty. If to of the to authorized
Technical Information Specifications Flextight and footprint with batch Flextight to that Scan software or OS OS (or (or or to Scanning originals to MB approximately
CE Declaration