WinTV-NOVA-TD Works QI-NOVA-TD-V2.0-ENG Works, Borough High Street Chambers UK, SE1 9QQ www.hauppauge.co.uk Support: Telephone: Works, Inc. Cabot NY www.hauppauge.com Telephone: www.hauppauge.com.sg Support: Telephone: Included this USB TV with IEC TV with MCX 'Y' Installations CD-ROM with: Application This New Application To the the the first appear to please that the TV connected, YES Select country location, instance, United and then, Scan. The DVB-T from DVB-T found, the and the The DVB-T that found appear the ote: If attached and TV top recommended reception) or try to TV manually. Click when finished. Record and There three buttons to the recording and of TV. Clicking the the to from the while clicking the Record the Record to Record and TV One One Touch Record The One Touch the The One Touch Record OTR) If OTR than once, and the record- each the OTR clicked. the the Click the One Touch Record the to the Record and One Touch Record Counter Stop the Record and recording recording TV, the counter shown indicating the lenght of of the recording If Stop the counter back to The specified Hour:Minute:Second Stop Clicking the Stop the recording or back. Clicking the from the created. replay or using the the Connecting the Please that XP or correctly and connecting the WinTV-NOVA-TD to USB to and the USB To free USB (normally located the or back the the the USB You USB to the NOVA-TD from the USB ote: the USB to the to Connecting the It recommended to to top the first as this then the You to that located that coverage. Please www.dtg.org.uk/retailer/coverage.html The the revolutionary Diversity which enormously reception when with reception or while the the and Applications ote: If software please the of the software. the NOVA, the New appear. Click TV manually If the succeed, manually the LCN this www.wolfbane.com/cgi-bin/tvd.exe? (or the about DVB-T of country) to with the You to write the LCN numbers. the Sources and DVB-T Source the LCN the and the The only the clicking If necessary, to increase the tion Diversity Increase reception WinTV-NOVA-TD (Diversity You this increase the reception using the to clear this, and and This the function. Click OK and to Clicking the while Clicking the the Clicking the the of the Clicking the foward 2X Clicking the 8X Clicking the back Motion Clicking the Motion the to motion Clicking the Motion the to Clicking the the The record- the the recorded To the to highlight with and and the right to and then type the MPG the previously recorded: the to highlight with of the and Then the which Click right the once, the and One Touch The allow to the TV and allows to the function to and the TV. Clicking the the the The counter motion CD-ROM the appear. ote: If the to the the and the the which and the Once the If this Successfully the to If the reports the of or Next, and from the The should appear and to matically the the location, when least to the Sources and DVB-T to of the and the other to the this and the other to this The to the Diversity each the the should then increase. Watch TV TV Top CFG Snapshot TV Click right to the Snapshot Snapshot each to and right to You the or the You type and to that If the You right the TV where of type BBC) to to the of the including these The where the The amount of which TV the Clicking the to recording Replay It about seconds the Replay to and to become effective. Unclicking the the to from the where the originally pushed. active while the or the TV While the shows the amount of the Replay which with the shows that of the Replay If as as would increase the of the Replay While the A/V the Replay To the A/V the Replay the clicking TV Replay While the the Replay acts the Replay TV the back and what ously Each of the Replay to back seconds. to the seconds would the Replay once. If to the to the Replay replay might to the and to the Once the to might seconds the to You might to the to the and right to the to replaying While to recorded the Replay Therefore, the Replay that replaying the seconds the the seconds the ote: the other following the instructions each of these and with the options ote: advanced users the 'Custom Installation' which allow to the of cations that Once the OK then the CD". You should back TV the TV TV appear PC finished TV right the TV If with around the Pref then TV the which Allow top or TV the TV IEC Connector. top" top To the top It To turn off, this to Always-on-top to the TV the and to the TV the title Then switch from to clicking the right button. the TV or top the IEC to MCX the TV MCX Connector. Pref Click the Pref to the These the the On of the TV and where the and Screen (TV where and You the directory (DVCR Record Path). Snapshot: the of or field motion or Click the to the TV the TV and other the TV and TV title Click right the TV to Click to toolbars. Record Playback Ahead Clicking the the seconds. Clicking the while the recorded Clicking the the Motion Clicking the Motion while Motion. Clicking the Motion normally. Clicking the 2X Clicking the 8X shortcuts Sound Sound Ctrl TV Ctrl Ctrl Ctrl TV Snapshot
allows to the recording of TV shows. once closed, and the tion the and to the installation, found to To or recording, the using the to the chosen to specifying TV and of to record. ote: You the purchased the optional software, infor- www.hauppauge.com/wing. Please to the WING information the The background (BG recorder) allows to with the Once the to the EPG recording To recording, the title, this information about that from there recording', "record" the EPG to TV from DVB- The to Scheduled Please to user and PC recordings to through Sheduled The scheduled recordings and through the The of the title]_[Time]_[Date].mpg appears clicking TV Troubleshooting This that MPEG-2 or that VGA graphics or Sound or the to updated from the of MPEG-2 software the section the Microsoft.com To the and the CD, CD-ROM hcwclear.exe Search If the with the NOVA-TD and loaded. the and follow the instructions from the of this to the and TV found Please that located that TV coverage. Please If TV coverage, please TV as that years the TV broadcasts and to to or Highgain. You manually search TV stations the LCN If this www.wolfbane.com/cgi-bin/tvd.exe? with the You to write the LCN numbers. If then the the and DVB-T You the LCN the and the and appears streaming to nected to USB2.0 You to the WinTV-NOVA-TD to USB2.0 then USB to this and of Please to and of the Force Primary, Allow VMR, Allow or DIB (If ATI graphics, selects Allow VMR). the with each change. the graphics and sound from their respective The items that to each Source selection: to the the and the Select to text as to to the The about from the Click the hour to the hour, the to the to the ote: It that TV or and about seconds to the and recording. Please the to the TV should Duration: the of this the arrows of or directly the This the to to the this to another One Only, Every or the If the option, the the recorded to the If selected Every or option, this Typically, the TV to years the PM News). selection: chose of Recording options: Record to to this to TV the You to record. Once these You to recordings once. currently the only to the finished The to the Schedular to PC to If about seconds to and to the recording of TV. the Remote The software the of the applications. The the shortcut IR to the group. If this the manually the software from the CD-ROM IR32 the the the Remote the IR the when only connected. ote: If the Remote the or to the IR from the directory. You should the IR each Checking the function of the IR the the (the to the clock the the Remote the Remote (the Stick) and the button. This should the Press the OK to WINTV.EXE or the and Down arrows the to another option. ote: The to the the active ote: If PC and Remote the instead (the and functionality ote: The credit PCMCIA while The EPG What EPG DVB-T with their TV TV This of the shown the and includes the TV and length. The EPG TV from DVB-T which this It ates the EPG with its chart of and TV reads the EPG and the EPG If would to of these TV the EPG the "Record" and the TV recorded PC. the EPG Service: with the EPG Service each the EPG Service the Record ahead/longer the recording and scheduled recording. which the EPG Service should however hosting to this). Account username/password to the EPG service from other Account recording the username/password the user account currently (the EPG service this account to to the Remote TV the allowing to the the tion TV: Bring to the ground currently active) TV on/off OK: Select and options the Remote or the Stop recording and the (as the the the and right arrows to to other and OK. active and the on/off and buttons: Select the next/previous Prev.Ch: to Record button: the recording. section Remote Recording Stop recording and the (as the Back/Exit the back the record- If TV shows recently, the section TV or Playback and No-Title Turn to TV the TV Clicking from the where the originally Direct to Text FCC Interference The boards tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and interference to there that interference tion. If this interference to or evision reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician FCC ID H90WINTV CAUTION or the to the FCC the authority to the CE This tested and with EN EN and IEC to EPG You should to the clock. You reach the of the EPG right this You should then the EPG Service It the of the EPG service. The buttons below the the following Start/stop the EPG Service the the EPG the EPG To the EPG EPG' information. the EPG information From the EPG EPG' this showing the EPG information, initially the to and the EPG information. The amount of to the related to the of DVB-T The the to of the this Remote Recording ote: and buttons when recording Record the of the recording, of to hours, then of to hours. Clicking recording This information displayed the Stop Stop recording and the (as the the Press the or to the The the record- While the the recording the background, there Replay function. Remote when TV or ote: You when TV Record button: Stop action and recording button: Stop or and the (as the button: the recorded TV or TV from the and alternatively the function. backwards Clicking TV or recorded TV Clicking then back to Press or to from where off >I the seconds click. the and the about seconds the I< the seconds click. the Replay and the about seconds the to buttons: through the the buttons. of these buttons, to, of the when of the when and forth of the of the the to and (WEEE) The of with household This with Directive 2002/96/EG concerning and and WEEE). The the framework the and recycling of ances as throughout the EU. To please the and to