TOOLS REQUIRED: Torx TX20 screwdriver wrench mount only) Warning: Please instructions and to This and with FMVSS, vehicle and and specifications. These instructions as and to cover every or If the factory. INSTALLATION: There four types, as below. Please follow the instructions to installation: C-CUP2-I mount The internal-mount cupholder of mounting the location the already that location. the supplied, the only to the (without the cupholder the cupholder the the cupholder them each location, they already to installation, that they correctly. C-CUP2-E-AS or C-CUP2-E-C mount to end-of-console end-of-console mounted cupholders should this existing cupholders or other that with the of the cupholder. the screws holding the the the that with Instructions C-CUP2 SERIES CUPHOLDERS the supplied, the cupholder (without the the cupholder the the cupholder them each location, they already C-CUP2-INST-6-06
C-CUP2-E-AS or C-CUP2-E-C mount to end-of-console This should only when the mount to end-of-console existing cupholders or other that with the of the to the as and The to to the cupholder. enough to to the cupholder, to the mounting the and/or cupholder mounting the and the include mounting this should installations. the cupholder (without the cupholder the the cupholder the the cupholder pressing them each location, they already or that they correctly. C-CUP2-E-TM This should to cupholder to track. from the that with the of the cupholder. that least of the track to installation. the cupholder the track, and the mounting the with mounting Select the and that the cupholder least Please that the the while the or the track, them from the There the and the the the the to the location where they with the the the the track, the correctly with the and with the screws. the cupholder them each location. Please that the cupholder the screws when they correctly. correctly. CLEANING MAINTENANCE: cupholders that easily cleaning. the cupholder firmly, and straight The cleaning. cleaning; chemicals. Once the and cupholders them back