Works, Inc. QI-NOVA-S-USB2-V1.0-ENG Works, Borough High Street Chambers UK, SE1 9QQ www.hauppauge.co.uk Telephone: please that the follow- XP with Service or One free USB and the NOVA-S-USB2 please this including the Information. of this AC 7,5V DC 1,5A USB IR and CD-ROM including the following New This New Application To the the the first appear to Please that the LNB connected connected, YES the the button and then that to UK should from the the that pointed to UK users that their BSKYB should the 0282-ASTRA 2A,2B,2D). If then LNB to the please to the information. the that or only LNB_1 used. ote: information LNB and please to the Click the Scan to the which found they appear the the right Once completed While the A/V the Replay To the A/V the Replay the clicking TV Replay While the the Replay acts the Replay TV the back and what ously of the Replay to back seconds. to the seconds the Replay once. If to the to the Replay replay might to the and to the Once the to might seconds the to You might to the to the and right to the to replaying While to recorded the Replay Therefore, clicked the Replay that replaying the seconds the the seconds the Ahead Clicking the the seconds. Clicking the while the recorded Clicking the the Motion Clicking the Motion while Motion. Clicking the Motion normally. Clicking the once 2X Clicking the 8X speed. information Notice the Every to The heat the to The of the NOVA-S-USB2 the of Please when the NOVA-S-USB2 the NOVA-S-SUB2 that from the the or top of the and least of light and heat the NOVA-S-USB2 from and the to heater or sunlight. supply the NOVA-S-USB2 the AC A. the supply from the NOVA-S-USB2 when Connecting the LNB Please that LNB, and and the should correctly and should the right (Please further or installations the UK selected to DE (SKY DE or These the that to You the IN (F-type LNB tion) to the DC the V/1,5 A) LNB-OUT SAT with with USB USB input the USB LNB-IN input from the LNB of Watch TV TV Top CFG Snapshot Snapshot each to and right to options. TV Click right to the Snapshot You the or buttons the You type and to that If the You right the TV where of type BBC) to to the of the including these TV the TV TV appear PC finished TV right the TV If with around the Pref then TV the which Allow top" The other tions selected. To the top It To off, this to Always-on-top to the TV the and to the TV the title Then switch from to clicking the right Record and Playback Motion Clicking the Motion playback the to motion Clicking the Motion the to playback Counter Stop Click the the to the Record and Clicking the Record and recording If Record than once, and the recording each the Record clicked. the the recording TV, the counter shown indicating the lenght of of the recording If the counter back to The specified Hour:Minute:Second Stop Clicking the Stop the recording or back. Clicking the playback from the created. rewind, replay or the buttons the Clicking the while Clicking the the Clicking the the of the Clicking the once 2X Clicking the 8X Clicking the back the free USB (normally located the or back the to and connecting the USB 2.Turn PC or and completely started. the AC to 220V the AC to the DC IN 7.5V of the USB the of the USB the USB of PC. ote: If the USB to the to applications. the and Applications ote: If software please the of the software. the NOVA-S-USB2, the Found New appear. Click CD-ROM the appear. ote: If the to the the and the Pref Click the Pref button to the These the the On of the TV and where the and (TV where and You the directory (DVCR Record Path). Snapshot: the of or field motion or title Click right the TV to Click to Click the to the TV the TV and other the TV (scanning, and TV Record Record Clicking the the The record- the the recorded To the would to highlight with and and the right to and then type the MPG the recorded: the would to highlight with of the button) and Then the recorded which Click right the once, the and shortcuts Sound Sound Ctrl TV Ctrl the which and the Once appears the If this updated the to If the reports the of or Next, and from the The should appear and to matically the ote: the other following the instructions each of these and with the options ote: advanced the 'Custom Installation' which allow to the of cations that Once the OK then the win- CD". You should back Record and Playback TV There four buttons to the recording, and of TV. Clicking the the to from the while clicking the Record or Playback the Record to Click the TV the to and TV to the The allow to the TV and allows to the function to and the TV. Clicking the the the The counter The where the The amount of which TV the Clicking the recording Replay It about seconds the Replay to and to become effective. Unclicking the the to from the where the originally pushed. functions active while the or the TV While the shows the amount of the Replay which with the shows it that of the Replay If as as increase the of the Replay allows to the recording of TV shows. once closed, and the tion the and to the found to To or recording, the the to the chosen to specifying TV and of to record. Ctrl+M on/off ALT+M TV Ctrl The items that to each Source selection: to the the and the Select to text as Playback TV Record Record motion
to to the The about from the Click the hour to the hour, the to the to the ote: It that TV ted or and about seconds to the and recording. Please the to the TV should Duration: the of this the of or directly the This the to to the this to another One Only, Every or the If the option, the would the recorded to If selected the Every or option, specify the which this selection: choose of Recording options: Record to to this to TV the You to record. Once these You clicking each finished The to the to PC to turned or Hibernate should off. If about seconds to and to the recording of TV. The scheduled recordings and through the The of the title]_[Time]_[Date].mpg >I on/off I< to previous (the as the Direct to Text Sub/CC Closed Caption on/off the (the as the the (as the TV the (as the button) Closed Caption off the (the as the Snapshot Remote Recording ote: and buttons when recording Record the of the recording, of to then of to hours. Clicking recording This information the Stop Stop recording and the (as the the Press the or to the The the record- While the the recording the background, there Replay function. Remote when TV or ote: You when TV Record button: Stop action and recording Stop or and the (as the the recorded TV or TV from the and alternatively the function. backwards Clicking TV or recorded TV Clicking then back to Press or to from where off sophisticated software which only DVB-S that allows to text or and that other The to active while the To the the ote: the of the the information. It therefore to first the tion. >I the seconds click. the and the about seconds the I< the seconds click. the Replay and the about seconds the to buttons: through the the buttons. of these buttons, to, of the when of the when and forth of the of the the to the The software the of the applications. The the shortcut IR to the group. If this the manually the software from the CD-ROM IR32 the the the the IR the when connected. ote: If the the or to the IR from the directory. You should the IR each Checking the function of the IR Remote the the (the to the clock the the Remote the Remote (the Stick) and the This should the Press the OK to WINTV.EXE or the and Down the to another option. ote: The to the the active If the the active the TV the to the the foreground. ote: If PC and the Remote instead (the and functionality Troubleshooting To the and Software To the software hcwclear from the CD-ROM and the options and ons and 'search INF If OK appear and once the If the of this and the TV with sound or With the closed the there Primary. Within Primary, option from the of four items (Allow VMR/Allow Overlay/Force Primary/DIB the tion the the top right then the TV this four options to the option This caused to the Uninstall the software (as and then follow the instructions from If this the NOVA-S-USB2 to USB and the TV with sound or With the the there Primary. to of the other options and then the X and the If the another option. Remote TV the allowing to the the (as the TV: (as the TV on/off Function the Music: Function the Function the Show/Hide the Now/Next EPG and Stop WinTV-Radio OK: Select and options the Remote or the Stop recording and the (as the Stop the the and right to to other and OK. active and the on/off and buttons: Select the to (as the I< Record the recording. section Recording Stop Stop recording and the (as the the back the recording. If TV shows recently, the section Remote TV or and No-Title Turn to TV the TV Clicking from the where the originally FCC Interference tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and interference to However, there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or FCC ID H90WINTV CAUTION or the to the FCC the authority to the CE This tested and with EN EN and IEC and (WEEE) The of with household This with Directive 2002/96/EG concerning and and WEEE). The the framework the and recycling of ances as throughout the EU. To please the and to