Flextight English
English A/S. rights Flextight A. The information this furnished informational only, to without and should as A/S. A/S responsibility or or that appear this A/S responsibility or or incurred or as of using software or products. and Flextight of A/S. and Photoshop of Inc. OS, and ColorSync of Apple Computer, Inc. Printed Flextight
of Reference Flextight and Restrictions Connectors Cut-Away the Procedure, Interface the Table Mounting/Dismounting of the the the White Reflectives the Light the Light Cleaning the of the Technical Specifications FCC Notice CE Declaration of Conformity Flextight Table of English
English Flextight
Reference Flextight This information about Flextight and of the front and internal of the Flextight instructions instructions instructions instructions Technical Declarations of FCC and CE conformity Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight and Restrictions and Restrictions English Read of the included attempting to and the the originals and/or the while scanning. or with mounted. The to mounted or when the the the the to the there the while the or other the while connected to servicing or the the supply from the It to the on/off the location where to It and that injury. Flextight
the basic the PC or to which the to connected. information about the operating RAM and please to the Software Reference that with the software. of with or other interface Flextight Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight English Flextight
C features of Flextight scanning. Light The to C Transparency to them straight. and Switch with lights to the on/off. The switch light indicating the following: when ready to Flashes when first to that (it when when the repositioning the optics to or when repositioning. (Scanning) when scanning. the while the red. If the light flashing when scanning, then occurred please Flextight Flextight Hardware Reference Flextight English
Reference Flextight Connectors Connectors English features of Flextight the this Interface and to You the to another to the Flextight
Cut-Away Cut-away of Flextight CCD Housing: this platform the light and the optics. Positioning Lead Screws: positioning of the CCD housing and optics housing the and C Optics Housing: the of the the CCD. Light Source: reflective Light Source: rotates the the and the CCD of shown mounted and with the top Flextight Reference Flextight Cut-Away FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING C English
Reference Flextight the the English the location that the following the from of heat, such as sunlight or the of cool The operated from of interference. Although the with immunity and every reasonable to the to interference, waves with The which the and free from If the or while scanning, affected. If the or warmer then about hours otherwise, which the from operating correctly. using the where there high of The Flextight supply of and AC of to This within the wall-socket of to Flextight with the specified The and attached to the or grounded three-point that the supply hissing sound when connected to the This and the supply or Flextight
Procedure, Interface the near with the front facing from that the location choose and as interface to switch of and other connected from of the Connectors to the or to other already to the round from supply to the round supply the back of the IMPORTANT: that the to the outlined the Flextight supply that the supply sound when This and the supply or Turn the around that the front facing assembled. Turn and the software. Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight the the English the To the correctly the the (B) as as they the (C) the base, then the and slightly backwards to that the notches (D) catch the of the To the correctly from the slightly upwards to release the notches (D) from the of the (C) then from the C Flextight
Mounting/Dismounting of the Mounting/Dismounting of the To the (A) the screws (B) the back then the upwards. mounting the that catches the (C) both then while that free of and and finally the screws B) Flextight Reference Flextight the C English
Reference Flextight the English C the Flextight FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING Flextight
the It that the and software properly installed. that the (A) attached properly the the Press the (E) the front of the to switch The flashing indicating that firmware It downloaded when first the Turn and the The (E) flashing indicating that firmware downloaded to the Select the that matches choose of the (H) that reflectives, the (L) with the clear included the the with the facing the (H) the (D) upwards and the the (C) both of the the reflective (L) the clear upwards. that the (K) the leading of the catches the notch (J) the of the (F) the the (F) the It about inch) too It easily and of To the backwards. Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight the English C the Flextight FLEXTIGHT ORIGINAL HOLDER PATENT PENDING Flextight
the top of the and as follows: (G) with the The completely the with showing and with of each Also, of the the outer of the the the light (B) of the feed (A) to the reflectives, that of the (M) the of the the the to the the clear the to fingerprints. the back and the front Flextight's the top of the the (H) the top (D) which the the reflective (L) the four (the top shown as and C below); that the clear sheet the four the the top of the the below); the clear each of these as shown. Reflective top to and follow the the software to preview, and the Flextight Reference Flextight the C English
Reference Flextight English The below shows the with each of the when (PPI) A4 included the the The of the positioning of the optics each If or slightly the then to to the The the PROM, when the to information. White reflective the white to establish the white the of the CCD. The white the PROM, when the to "White Reflectives" information. Both of the procedures and initiated from the Flextight
The Flextight and to its each of the If as as they should then to that the every It that the than once every three months. this necessary. below to the that with It of with PN:40900026, the the with the the (vertically). the as straight as the light and the corners the sheet to Select from the Click the and the the finalized, the and both and reflective Flextight Reference Flextight the English
Reference Flextight the White Reflectives The Flextight white reference to that the CCD consistently to light brightnesses. The from the factory, and the the PROM. the the of the light slightly. Therefore, the white months or and immediately the light English below to White the white that with It white of If the white then (non-textured), perfectly white of of the If the reflective that there or other the the with necessary. (Please that the reflective included the the top of the with the near the top of the each of the with the of the Select White from the The White appears. Flextight
Positioning the white the reflective Click The of the white The about Flextight Reference Flextight the the top of the with the near the top of the the of the with the of the English
Reference Flextight the Light English the Light C PULL OUT PRESS PRESS PULL OUT Flextight
the Light The Flextight light reflective originals from the other light through from below. the Light If (or white then of light defective. both of and reflective) to which affected. If then the If reflectives then the top Follow below to the Flextight Turn off and the from the supply. IMPORTANT: the light cool proceeding. the (A) as the (B) as At the of the the to and the (C) the (D) Press the backwards to release the the of the and then of the the and mount the that properly the Flextight Reference Flextight the Light English
Reference Flextight the Light English the Light C PULL OUT PRESS PRESS PULL OUT Flextight
the (C) IMPORTANT: The "T" the board cover (E) the the Mount the (B) and the feed (A) following the of the when them. NOTE! mounting the (B) that free of and Turn the and function of the Cleaning the of the If the of the becomes then clean it with cloth. to the or of the or other If to of the to authorized Flextight Reference Flextight Cleaning the of the English
Reference Flextight Technical Specifications Technical Specifications English Connector: VDC 60W 100-240V AC, 1.3A, Interface to (IEEE One switch (on/off switch) with integrated light Force 35C 95F) Recommended Working 25C 77F) Humidity: RH 50C 122F) Relative humidity: RH from to inches, thick Reflectives: to (A4 thick type Width: Depth: feed Flextight
FCC Notice This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference which the to the interference his own Flextight Reference Flextight FCC Notice
Reference Flextight CE Declaration of Conformity CE Declaration of Conformity English HASSELBLAD A/S HEJREVEJ DK COPENHAGEN NV TELEPHONE TELEFAX REG./VAT NO. www.hasselblad.com Declaration of conformity Application of Council Directives: to which Conformity of The that the conforms to the Directives and 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC, 93/68/EEC. 91/157/EEC. C73/23/EEC 93/68/EEC. EN61000-6-1 EN61000-6-3 and EN60950:2000. A/S DK-2400 NV/ CCD Flextight NV 12th, Christian CEO Flextight