Copyright 95/98/ME and NT/2000/XP of Microsoft other and of their respective of this publication or or to (such as translation, transformation or without the written of the as the United States Copyright of FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Shielded interface to comply with You that or the authority to the This with of the FCC Operation to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. CE Warning This Class this interference, which the to and the property of their respective Specifications to without HAWKING LIMITED WARRANTY that TM HNAS1 Network from physical and workmanship year from the of purchase. If the this one-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization Warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILTY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without to or entity. Please to:
Introduction IP Access the the Network Network IP Administration HD Format Factory Character FTP FTP FTP Applications the Troubleshooting Specifications
and The HNAS1 TM Network and and business and office/home office users. The HNAS1 as both and FTP and to easily and It to allow the or of directly the the or FTP. The HNAS1 with It IDE of to 250GB included). The of the Network and the interface easy to The HNAS1 that easy. features, accounts, and auto-networking the with and to and the Network the to the and the and the Network ready Supports Ethernet MDI/MDIX) Web-based interface easy and Supports high ATA/ATAPI-6 Supports IDE to 250GB included Auto-Networking OS Supports CIFS/SMB Microsoft users, allowing them to easily Neighborhood FTP allowing to FTP Compatible with 95/98/98SE/ME/XP/2000/NT4.0 Factory necessary) interface three user all/power/guest, accounts. SAMBA (concurrently connected) and FTP users (concurrently connected) Network Network (only the FAT32 Supports IP security Network FCC, CE, VCCI Class
Unpack and Inspect the and items. The HNAS1 consists of: One HNAS1 Network included) One CD with and One One (12V/3A) screws fastening/securing the Please to that the and that items If please Please this thoroughly, and follow the and procedures within.
Rear To the Network this located the front of the To off the the seconds the LED to LED Definitions LED ON /OFF Boot/Shutdown: HD To the the of or to this least seconds. This the to Ethernet RJ-45 Ethernet to the DC 12V/3A. Ethernet Connected Ethernet Not Connected Ethernet
the Network Please If PC its IP automatically, the to the IP to its To this to PC to router with DHCP or IP Network to the TCP/IP Network of what of TCP/IP the to typically when first the If automatically, it easily to Please already directly to the section, and section that follows You to IP each PC the to the successfully. To this, follow the instructions below: IP of consisting of four (or with each The the and The first three to something such as These three the The the that specifically to PC (or other and should to that with the Network IP of
to the TCP/IP Network Click Network Click TCP/IP Ethernet and
Click IP and Specify IP the IP the to Click OK At this Follow the on-screen displays and then
to the TCP/IP Network Click Network and Choose and
Click (TCP/IP) and then Click the following IP the to Click OK and then OK, and
to the TCP/IP Network XP If Network If Network Choose (TCP/IP) and then Click the following IP
the IP that chose The XP. Click OK the of IP Please the sections that follow to the and
If already established the following allow to the three that the IP of the Click the of Then Network
Click Network the Network should titled (or something You this clicking or double-clicking or right-clicking and then clicking from the
with the title (or something appear. Click the the heading IP and Gateway These IP with the first three this information to the IP You these three as the first three the IP of The and
to to the Network the screws the screwdriver or hand. the front and the from the should to Please to information. the IDE the IDE of the the connected to the the or the of IDE The IDE to which to IDE Connector Screw
the the of the as shown. The to to the using the screws. the and its back the and with the screws Connector
If the Network the first the with and easy to the The through the of the as as the the as as the Network user interface, the Network HD. It interchangeable with the Network and both to the HNAS1. Please however, that Network HD from the HD or HD or to IDE the Network Please follow the outlined below: The Software the CD (included with the HNAS1 CD-ROM and the to appear Then If the automatically, the the of type (where the of CD-ROM the and The shown the the Follow the as shown the that follow, to the LED of basic and Click Next to
Follow the to Complete the and the the front of the Network that the LED To off the the least seconds the LED and then off. On
the Network and router/switch (or PC) with RJ-45 Ethernet that the Link/Act LED LAN
Click Next to the Scan The to Network (or Network Scan the Network to Scan
to the the following Select the to and Click Next. The should assign to the IP that with existing Reachable Action NO The Network with LAN. YES The Network with LAN Changes the and shortcuts to and the Network HD Creates shortcuts to and the Network HD Drive(s)
the shown appears, please input both as these the both the and information, please to the
The should successfully. This indicated the the the If the successfully, please try the following: network or PC to that they properly and through the to the the CD) If the successfully, the shown appear. Please and OK The shortcut Network HD to the interface o when the and both The shortcut Access Network HD allow to the and shared o when Please this
Click OK to the web-based user interface, or to the without the Created that the created the of PC, using the Network or the web-based interface. the please to the the It recommended necessary) that the Network HD to PC as The then and as whenever PC. please the that follows the section of this the and please follow the instructions the that follow. Click OK to Network Network HD the Network I.E. Access Network
Click the Network HD to the Network There three accounts to their authorization as follows: ALL=Read/Write Power=Read/Write The the authorization of these accounts clicking the within the section of the or the and Username:
the Network to the Network using browser, please follow the below: the Network HD the IP the URL location and The and appear. the location the location Click the OK
The Network web-based graphical interface (GUI) that using HTML (HTTP the to the Network Neighborhood the Network IP the of the firmware To to the item the The Network
To info about the Network such as of used, users, and FTP users, please Click information the HD the of the that currently the amount of Network (SMB) Users: the of the Network FTP Users: the of using the Network FTP The Network allows to of (SMB) and to of FTP users.
Network the Network or the the including IP and the the Network appear Neighborhood. Item Network Workgroup or Neighborhood Work of the which the Network located of the Network IP location,
IP Item IP The Network IP The with the other Gateway the Routers or IP DNS Please the IP that Service (ISP)
this the Account/Password. You this to the web-based UI to and the Network the or rights to the Network Item of the Network HD to the Web-based UI New the New Confirm the New to
Administration On this the Network the following HD Format Factory Character To the Network Click below). off the the completed.
HD Format this HD to the of HD field below), it that or to EXT3. this to to the to the and To the below). Please the formatting process. off the or the browser. the formatting process, appear that displays what of the formatting completed. the the automatically.
Factory To the Network to its below). off the the ready. To the Firmware: Click Select the firmware to the process. Click Apply off the the process, as this
If connected to the to the with PCs. If connected to the and to the synchronization. Please to You the the Character If to to the character choose the character the selecting the and the clicking
From this section, the Network users and On this and users, and the You as as the the of users only to concurrently connected users. The three accounts
Click the the information New Confirm and the FTP Access and Access or or FTP Access this the FTP with his/her user and Choose the this Click Apply to To the the Then the information the
To the account to the right of the Network HD, Select the to clicking the to the Click to
this section, and as as the authentication of users. To to Click to the and Click Apply to
To and Select the to clicking the to the Click to
the Authentication Every type of to the Network This what of actions user reading or re-writing and the Network There three options each Non-access The the Read-only The only from this write The to and write to and from this
FTP or FTP software to the Network FTP To such as service timeout, and anonymous FTP Items to Unit of concurrently connected FTP users, from to the FTP Service the FTP The to this or The of the FTP Allow Allow anonymous accounts Choose to or to the the of The to this or
FTP this section, the FTP account The and the Please that there three the You include the FTP. You least the The least characters to of characters.
It recommended necessary) that the Network to PC as The then and as whenever PC. You this following the below: From the the appears, click the the top of the
appear and to specify and the that would to to. shown below. Click You prompted to and these please the information of the advanced (Please to the section of this This the process.
to the indicated the arrow the below appear. You to the from Computer.
There the Network back from their users, the Network and to the Network to router or switch to its easy and features. 2000/XP users, the OS accessory Please follow the below as reference to the Accessory and Click the and that to the Click the The appears, Select and Click OK PC PC PC PC File-Sharing
Select Computer to back whole or Selected and If to Selected and If to the clicking the front of the the of the this and the to the of the applications, the Network FTP function the option of IP (or IP such as TM Network that FTP and to from the IP back to the Network the HNAS1 allows to To the FTP function, please the FTP or the and The authentication appear and input the username and The Account and the You the the FTP section, the user account fixed. information, please to the FTP section this To the Network as FTP without IP or please routers DDNS and first. the please to the DDNS and sections routers IP (FTP)
the Network properly? To the properly, the the front of the least seconds the LED and then off. The that RJ-45 Ethernet connected both to the Network and the Router/Switch/PC the other the LED the Network and that the the Network and Router/Switch/PC and that both IP and that IP or to the router with DHCP the Please to the IP Chapter this The the with the UI or the to the factory and or PC to that they properly. The Network and the of web-based UI displays the HD to There reasons this: The to to to Therefore, to to The Please with HD Format the Administration section of the Network UI. The the to EXT3 it NTFS). Please with the Format the Administration section of the Network UI. The which would Network when properly from the or while the Network properly, the and the MS-DOS of the to the normally. Please the to the process. The the and 20GB Therefore, with 250GB, the would
Network as FTP the the (LAN) To the Network as FTP without IP or please DDNS and router (IP first. the please to the DDNS and sections routers the Network the Network Link/Act LED and that The the with the web-based UI or the to the factory and than connected to the the other who to access. Please the of FTP clicking the Click information the UI.
IEEE IEEE Supported TCP/IP, HTTP, SMB, FTP of Concurrently Supported Users; FTP: Interface One RJ-45 Ethernet One Drive(s) One IDE (ATA) of to 250GB On/Boot or Shutdown Ethernet Act/Link HD: (L H); (L H) C; F) DC 12V 3A FCC (CISPR_22), CE (EN55022), VCCI Class