Copyright 95/98/ME and NT/2000/XP of Microsoft other and of their respective of this publication or or to (such as translation, transformation or without the written of the as the United States Copyright of FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or interface to comply with You that or the authority to the This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. CE Warning This Class this interference, which the to and the property of their respective Specifications to without HAWKING LIMITED WARRANTY that HNC700PT Remote-Motion CCD Network from physical and workmanship from the of purchase. If the this one-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization Warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILTY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its quality, performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without obligation to or entity. Please to:
This Product Software Initial Access to the Network Security to This Authentication the with Performance Accounts New Building Attraction Building Security Application Software Revision Definitions Administration Network Motion Detection Application and DDNS Remote Factory
A. Troubleshooting B. (FAQ) C. URL Commands the Network D. to the E. Technical Specifications
The only high performance web-equipped Therefore, please that the operation of such this (Please that instances, prohibited country.) It that the of the the section of this the Please and follow the chapter titled, Installation, to reduce and caused The HNC700PT and those who of and should this to easy to and If and the recover as of please to the "Troubleshooting section of this to the operation of this The HNC700PT to incorporate security/surveillance, You the of this with the to This section of this and the and of this which within. creative and professional the section titled, "URL Commands the Network helpful reference to existing or with existing Those preceded should and serious
Unpack and Inspect the and items. The HNC700PT consists of: One HNC700PT Remote-Motion CCD Network One CD with software and One One DC One One One A/V Please to that the and that items If please Please this thoroughly, and follow the and operation within.
the through and the front and If the off and the Network stand-by and ready software installation. If the LED to troubleshooting. The Network I/O with input and relay switch and connected to and the of from the 'LOW'. The relay switches and to or off with the of the peripherals installation. Please that the the the Ethernet The Ethernet should the specs of UTP and length. the to the Network to the This reduce the of shock. DI+ INPUT 12VDC) DI- INPUT (Initial of DI SW_COMMON OUTPUT from SW_OPEN SW_NOPEN OUTPUT 1A, 24VDC or 0.5A, 125VAC)
Software this to who to the and to who rights to the and user to At the of the the the CD included with the the CD-ROM of the PC. appear below). If appear, to the directory of the software CD and the IP below) to the On the of the beneath the UPC as as the that appears the of four with the HVVT that software located the IP with other located that to their respective Therefore, there shown the the MAC as and with the "Assigned" field to software installation. The the of the as as the the Click IP to the The IP search the HVVT the of its (The from the
completing the search, the IP appear. The IP should IP the IP Address heading) that with existing LAN The IP found the DHCP (A DHCP IP to the If there DHCP the try to IP (this from to the LAN IP assigned to the the Activity LED Click the as MAC of the (If the IP to enough to the the facing the front of the of the of the the [The continuously and the LED to the release the If the IP the IP with LAN or to the IP manually, to the of the and IP the IP the IP the option this IP whenever Then IP Address. (It recommended that the This allow the each restarted.
If the IP another the IP with the another appear, that the assigned IP conflicts. this should search IP or the If the the that appears. The "Assigned" field then Please the information reference and users. (If appear, other than IP OK, please the instructions that follow.) The to selected to the to If the the IP the Search to search the the LAN.
Network the already connected) Although the already connected following the software should that the the correct, including the IP of the and DNS. If necessary, the or service information the the every If the to the the option. to the Network section of this or the of the interface If of the incorrectly and the or as easily the factory following the outlined the Troubleshooting section of this Security the the that the the to from network Once the the and access. The establish, accounts. This each user to the However, the restricted from to the whose to only, include and software The assigned to permanently. Once the the authentication to the Please There to the Therefore, the the to the factory
Authentication the and the IP appear, username and the authentication, the displayed. the below, the foreground the and the background shows the when authentication The the option the of the to the
the the to the the to the Whether or prompted to the the security of PC or (At higher of security, the prohibited from and ones). This and to the motion the It recommended that with the clicking If the allow to the the security option to security or
with The three functions The the interfaces that obtained clicking the the the of the below. what the the of the below). These interface to the aim/physical of the Click the the of the below) to the
Click the On or to or the Clicking this to the Please the section that follows the The information the top of the displays: the type of to the and the The the to the to You to the buttons and the to The buttons Right, Down, and Home. The the to Once the the the using this This the of the and Right This the of the and Down This commands the to from the to the and then to the right- the to the This commands the to the the which the the to the Stop This the or command.
At the to the type the installation. This and to the the The should to the If the allow the to the the security to the security or IT or There within the One the Option the to should muted. The other the Option, which choices and There three choices to UDP, TCP and HTTP. The UDP allows and streams. to burst and obscured. The TCP allows and The with this that the than that of the UDP
The HTTP selected the protected firewall and allows HTTP to this and If there the UDP recommended. Generally the should the following UDP TCP HTTP. the connected successfully, the Option the selected The selected recorded the PC and the If the or the to the manually the UDP and HOME to URL: <Network the or the IP of the network
Performance performance the refresh and highest while the lowest Three factors the the performance: and quality. To the should enough to allow of greater than second. If the broadband the to or and quality the highest The the PAL and the NTSC (The PAL and and of Africa, South America, and the East. The NTSC the U.S., South and of and South America.) If than the to and the
to or fps. If shooting fast-moving to the to to the of This allows and the easily the those of or second. If below the to and try to the performance the Another work-around to choose Half the option or performance somewhat to the of users the when the initially finely Performance to as of the burst Quality the should Detailed or and the to match If and to the TCP type and choose of The to The increase as the of increases. and Clear If broadband quality Normal or rather than You the to and the from below fps. If the Accounts New Protect the Network The initially This that initially the (including the section) as as the IP known. It to assign other users to to the to protection. This to the Then account with user and other users The accounts users. Each account the right rather than the This allows to the account. option to DI/DO each account. to from attached Another option allows the functions of the Network You choose to users More options The first option allows who as the to without The allowed to the the of the The instead.
Building Attraction service The allow to the choose, and the to type the IP You to the Security to Product Service If the of the the Network allow the to JPEG the They and refreshed and automatically. (It function the this type of the
Click the Click Security the to the of the and Allow with the to refresh the automatically. The the snapshot the the If to to allow the should to traffic, which, turn, the refreshing from the If the FTP service, the as FTP to the The to the of the of and the Click the Click Network the the FTP related including: user and as as the specified the Click and the to Click Application the
Select the or of the the that to the Select operation and the Unselect "FTP with and as the and The to the the to the with the reference to the uploaded FTP If the FTP service, to the from the It using free as the FTP service to the following The URL of the http://IP of the Network the IP to the refresh to If the refresh too and there of this the and the Building Security Application The options the to useful security There from attached such as motion There of actions to such including the and other attached To the snapshots, the choose or FTP to Both and FTP the the to the section
Click the Click Application the the as and the from "Snapshots to "Snapshots to the every the operation The to motion or the of the attached the detecting the to following the the to the to the of the when motion If the the built-in motion to and Click Motion the the motion the top. Click New to motion to to the the to click, and the to or the the to the title to the the and Percentage to the Higher to the amount of motion. Higher Percentage other the higher the the easily motion detected. The higher the the to (Therefore, increasing the to
Clicking the activity (the to the of the New the motion the the (threshold) the and the (threshold). Click Application the the motion the Condition section. while motion detected to the snapshots. or FTP. Click to Software Revision Customers the software from the www.hawkingtech.com or Technical Support. easy-to-use to the with clicks. The function to the only. To the follow the outlined below: Download the firmware FLASH.BIN from the the and proceed, following the to the instructions the The whole and the If or the memory writing process, the the memory permanently. If the properly, technical
Definitions the Each the the following The the words/phrases the Option The type the URL below the to directly the To options through the URL, the reference URL: <Network the or IP of the Network
The text displays the title the top of the Turn off the LED this option to off the This the from noticed. and Click this to the and internal clock the and when the of the turned off. with the and with the The read-only and of the PC displayed as updated. the and to what the Notice the the related while the entry. with the NTP the whenever the Network It the assigned reached. NTP Assign the IP or of the Leaving the text the to the time-servers. the with that of the Select hourly, or monthly with the the NTP to to immediately the the
Administration the the both text boxes. The typed as security clicking the the the access. the and and to the The user the There of user accounts. to I/O and PT the user to the and I/O Allows to the DO and of the DI. PT Allows to the and Allow account to this to who as user the account. that account restricted to only. Allow with users the This option allows to only These refreshed the below. This the of the browsers. Snapshot the refresh of the the the to
Network this the to the every field correctly clicking IP The to installation. to software whenever the tedious. Therefore, once the correctly the IP this option. If this option the the The and normally IP to the IP assigned to the the IP or they the function the (MS XP the function Network IP This This to the the The router: This the to to router to to DNS The that IP Secondary DNS Secondary that the DNS. SMTP SMTP The or IP of the The of the or SMTP The or IP of another once the The of the the The the that to FTP FTP This something other than the The this to and the change, the FTP the of accordingly. FTP The or the IP of the FTP The below correctly access. FTP user the FTP FTP the FTP FTP the FTP The to that of the FTP FTP preceding the without to the instructions the FTP The FTP The located the protected firewall; FTP prohibited. selecting the FTP the and allow to
proceed. If the selected, the active the FTP FTP The or IP of the FTP FTP the FTP FTP the FTP FTP the FTP Secondary FTP the FTP HTTP HTTP This something other than the Once the the of the the to instance, when the the HTTP of the whose IP from to the type the instead of Streaming This something other than the to with the the firewall. This something other than the to with the the firewall. This something other than the to with the the firewall. If the to the this option to synchronization. the to to respond. the and with or users If the to and procedures.
Text The text displayed the the with The from the and of the that built-in clock. Select or There three options Half the of Normal. the as Normal of quality, while This the refresh which combined with the to and If the to the of the quality, choose and the The to the of within the when Consequently, to of the to the when drastically. Vertically the the both options the White the Click this another appear that allows to "Brightness", Contrast, and "Saturation" Each field from to The to the the to the without incorporating the to the Click this
Motion Detection motion this option to motion Click this to At three the to click, and the to or the title to Clicking the the right-hand of the the to to the Click this to the related graphic or the motion the the threshold and the the threshold. the red, the motion outlined red. Going back to the the the when motion detected. The the top of the This the allowable This the ratio of the higher and allow motion The following shows the screen when clicked.
Application Select the of the which would to the operations below. Snapshots the to operations. the to operations. and 24-hour operation. second(s) the restarting, to the when the second(s) the when another this seconds. There four to the input and the three motion More than selected once. Select the input that the characteristics of the high, selects input. There three motion and each assigned If motion shown instead of the title. If this Motion and appear, directing the to the motion action There four options of More than selected once. If choose to the both and the The Either or FTP to the of snapshots. The and respectively. They the snapshots, the right the and the The and as option. Confirm the or FTP the Select and this option to the the to to the Snapshot every second(s) The the specified to the the selected below. This operation to the the This selects the following the The attached the with the title snapshots. FTP The to the FTP with the the option. This to refresh the the to creative FTP with and This option the and which to easily the or operation. instance, the JPEG the year the oclock, and seconds. If this the the FTP refreshed the specified
On the there function areas: The and with these buttons. The Right, and Down buttons the accordingly. The Home the to the This the of the The the the the when the or Right This the of the The the the the when the or Down This the of and The greater the the the function IR Checking this allows the to the IR to the To allow through URL commands or this If the to the as location, each of the and the The allows locations. This Clicking the the selected from the The specifies: The of each location of the The the and right-most when the selection the of the locations of the once the Select> clicked, the Selected location of the The the from the The UP, DOWN the of the Several to the The to The IR and selections. other these the clicked, the
and DDNS DDNS This option the DDNS function. The four that DDNS services. Please to the service to the service charges. If the to DDNS service, this field Please input the that the DDNS Username/E-mail The or field the DDNS or the of the IP when this field input as Username the field that follows input as Please input the or to the DDNS service. This or off the function. the turned off, the found through Network Neighborhood MS XP. If the XP, the of the Network shown with bracketed IP the Network Neighborhood. Network with That The of the Network Network with and the IP of the Network the of the IP assigned to the Click this to the the DDNS service and function.
Remote The with to its and other The the functions as the The Pan/Patrol/Stop functions the as the This commands the to the the that the each the the This commands the to from the to the or right-most and back. both the would the This the to the as the Stop This the of the Click the the to the The of this information about and boot-up. Click this the to the The the as those CONFIG.INI. Direction
Factory Factory Click this the to factory and the to the factory clicking the and confirming, the and the to the the to the to recover the cased forces. This function the as the the Please that there clicking the The immediately.
A. Troubleshooting LED the to The following the LED of the LED other than those below. Condition LED and Ethernet LED Ethernet Steady IP every Other and Restoring the factory previous or the On the facing of the there the as shown the It to the or the factory the the back to its If the the factory and RESET: or to the RESTORE: or and the the to the or as as the
B. (FAQ) What the assigned, to the authentication. If of the users, to the the If the there to recover the restoring the factory to the from the authenticated? There this If the and to the the heartbeat LED or the off. If the heartbeat LED the software If the and the first the security of to allow of If the and the the showing "connecting", the too crowded. What the The the to motion and If allow of software, the security of the to lowered. It recommended that the office of the security Software offices. the from the of PC or The based the of the It clock and with the the connected to the and the function of hours from the Can it There and options the to the installation. The clear enough. the to the the the The and white to the that the match the to and the of lights. the refresh regularly? the It to examination and streaming such as that of the affects the HTP of the If the allows HTTP the function of the temporarily. this the should of the of activity. motion they If the motion and to the function the first While the and to the
hear sound while If there "V_ONLY" shown the type to If there "V" shown instead of "AV", the sound PC properly If "AV" shown, the of the and of whether internal or microphone. How allowed to the the Too the the the to of users to and the of users, recommended to another to the from the the of the The MPEG-4 to internally. the performance to such Network throughput of users The and The of PC or that On the reach and approximately to from the as as The and interfaces. The authentication and the from access. You the HTTP to The account to from users, and easily the anytime. You the to and the the when options the incorrect the If this the factory following the A.
C. URL commands of the Network who already their or the easily integrated through URLs. This section the commands URL to the functions of the Snapshot of JPEG The the JPEG of the input The the of input. the The or high, that NC connected with COMMON, and that NO connected with COMMON. instance, the of the command the with IP of to to to NC with COMMON. factory The network restoring factory the without warning.
URL The including option and option Referenced URLs, the users to the option only. such as and preview. the these URLs. Referenced URL /setup/config.html option security option /setup/security.html option /setup/network.html DDNS option option option motion /setup/motion.html option option factory /setup/factory.html URL There the when the The the following to the the another Referenced URL background /pic/wallppr.jpg
of URL Every through URL with the POST the only. POST <authorized URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION <text shorter than characters> off front LED off front LED and NTP to directly and year, month and hour, and or IP NTP GMT hour with NTP hourly with NTP with NTP One month with NTP monthly
Security URL URL: /setup/security.cgi NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION <text shorter than characters> username <text shorter than characters> user <text shorter than characters> <text shorter than characters> existing user action users with account account DIDO DIDO Network URL URL: /setup/network.cgi NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION <IP The Network IP <IP router <IP shorter than characters> of the Network <IP DNS <IP secondary DNS or IP SMTP than characters> or IP secondary SMTP <text than characters> <text than characters> than FTP or IP FTP shorter than characters> FTP <text shorter than characters> FTP shorter than characters> FTP
or IP secondary FTP <text than characters> user secondary FTP <text than characters> secondary FTP <text than characters> secondary FTP than HTTP than than than the lowband the DDNS URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION DDNS function. This option whenever the URL called, DDNS function to DynDDNS.org(Custom) <the The of the Network username or The username of DDNS or the DDNS or The of DDNS or the the DDNS function. This option whenever the URL called, function to
URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION <text shorter than characters> B/W <other than B/W> <other than lowest of of of higher of highest of to 64K to 128K to 256K to 384K to 512K to 768K to 1000K to 1200K to to to to to to to to to
anthing to this option whenever the URL called, to the from built-in microphone. mphone the from microphone. URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION <the location with its <the location with its location the using the the the the of or URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION brightness of of of of required> the required> the required> the
Application URL URL: NAME VALUE DESCRIPTION required> smethod FTP required> FTP with and seconds to seconds to DI high as DI as DI as DI as motion1 motion as motion2 motion as motion3 motion as DO when DI matched DO when motion ioupload when DI matched when motion seconds to to
D. to the The outlined below router: the its IP and If to recommended that each the field provided. that the IP You IP to the and to to within the (LAN). If already the then already IP the IP or You back to the IP or the to the IP On the the IP the heading IP Address the Network section. The with existing Please that the Router routers IP Address.
You to each to to them the You to these the section of the reasons: to other than the HTTP and and when than the Please that only the without to Please that when the router, to the as the the router the instances when router, please or with ISP to the Network section of the the HTTP and Streaming allow the of the This users routers to the router) access. each that to to (and/or and to assign HTTP and Streaming
that that to and they the following IP You the HTTP each from to as below: IP IP IP IP IP The field allows to the that the the The the and to the If to each To with the and please choose that them and chosen numbers. the first network and the and respectively, to choose and the of The below might the IP IP IP IP IP to assign the and To the the to router The routers include instructions to this. The of D. include basic instructions to the the Please that to router: the HTTP the the and the that the section of the correct, the to the the network and to router
of Routers WAN IP You to to the routers its IP the and the (or On this should to the routers IP This IP the routers IP and from its IP You this IP when to the To remotely the recommended that IP to router. You to ISP to IP the to the router, the IP allow to the the If to from location, recommended that, location, of this IP reference. It to the with IP DHCP) router, this the With the option, routers IP Therefore, when the routers IP to the routers or (and authorized know the routers IP to the the (With the option, only the routers IP The IP the Therefore, to the and other the from within the
to Assign Typically, there Advanced (or section the routers where or sub-section. To the to router. The outlined below should routers: Once located the (or section, the this option Select TCP the field. Next, option This that rather than of them. the field, to to the earlier this If to the or to The field, then to this the as Please that the and match to Please that to each (as earlier this Therefore, the which to such as and the field, to each previous
the from the Network Once the correctly and authorized users the from the as as from within. To the from the network location the type the routers IP and the assigned to the the of router IP of would type the following the assigned to the From within the the IP to the the IP the from within the would type: (Although, the routers IP followed and would as
E. Technical Specifications CPU: PNX1300 RAM: 16MB SDRAM ROM: 2MB FLASH ROM TCP/IP, HTTP, SMTP, FTP, NTP, DNS and DHCP Physical Ethernet or Ethernet Supported MPEG-4 header and and text motion to or to or Specification inch CCD or F2.0 AGC, AWB to with length, F1.8 8Kbps(optional)
Microphone S/N than I/O 12VDC relay 24VDC 1A, 125VAC 0.5A) LED NET. near 8W Universal switching included input: 100-240VAC, 0.4A 12V DC, 1.5A EMI CE, FCC 0-40C/32-104F Humidity: 95%RH Microsoft 98SE/ME/2000/XP or