Warning: Please instructions and to installation. disconnected to or servicing. This and operated NFPA National and and These instructions as installation, and to cover every or If the factory. INSTALLATION: This light to mount base, such as the CD-BS-2, separately. the mounting and the CD-FX-HID-1 the with the mounting base. the properly and securely. to the properly allow to service. the to of VDC, polarity and that the mounting, the operation. MAINTENANCE USAGE RECOMMENDATIONS: and off the HID high than 24,000V) operation. the screw and and them Gently the outward, and straight off. to or the when The attached to the with screw. If the then the mounting screw, the with and the mounting screw. that the oriented the as the The and connected wires with If of these wires then both the and replaced. to wires. The with To the the screws and and the straight the straight the screws and completed, first that properly proceeding. CD-FX-HID-1 INSTRUCTIONS COLLINS FIXED-MOUNTED HID SPOTLIGHT
the and properly. Clean the with and cloth. Clean the and top of the reflector. The directly the the around the housing and The the and together. and properly proceeding. the first the the oriented properly firmly. the and the the every of inches the the seated properly. It to from the first and the around the The to the and the should closely when the properly. the screw and and them securely. the of the If necessary, with Switch off the HID high than 24,000V) operation. the switchbox the four screws holding the switchbox plate where the switch The switch the The switch electrically connected with If the switch to the of the both the switch cover and cover, and them. DO NOT the switchbox from the reason. the switchbox covers, that the properly the switch, and the switch securely. the covers, the and properly seated that the Troubleshooting: the of operation, first to that the input CD-FX-HID-1 12VDC operation. If the too the to light or If the too high, the and prematurely. Correct found. If found, then the or the first, If the to light the then the as should normally whenever If necessary, troubleshooting CD-FX-HID-1_INST_4-08