Notices and The with only. vehicle with property or It highly recommended that this professionally with of vehicle and as the sophistication of and the complexity of this than typical vehicle installations. vehicles SRS and wires of the SRS These wires located bright or and located the that wires or located the that Once the to that the vehicle or mount the and the and tested. warning the and the the completed. The NOT the the vehicles there enough the using the of The should when the active to the vehicle while this and the instructions reference. It recommended to both instructions the vehicle vehicles TWO the interface that TWO installation. of rights Idleright IR1001_OMN_109
J1 J2 relay Switch LED Light Warning Decals and ondashboard Decal Instruction Interface separately, vehicles) The following each to the IR1001_OMN_109
J1 Polarity Shutdown) POS POS Shutdown) NEG White/Black Not Used Not Used Lightbar POS or NEG Blue/Yellow Not Used Unit POS (Fused) Unit Ground NEG Black Used NEG Grey NEG Brown/White RFID NEG Not Used Not Used POS White J2 Polarity 12V POS (Fused) 12V POS (Fused) Accessory POS POS POS IR1001_OMN_109
J1, input Used both and shutdown. to light switch when pressed. input to switch when and White/Black pinswitch NOT USED NOT USED Blue/Yellow Light input or NOT USED to (with 20A Black to chassis ground NOT USED Grounded when Brown/White Grounded when RFID to RFID NOT USED NOT USED NOT USED J2, to of 25A) to of 25A) to switch ACC Cond/Heater, to switch when and cranking. to cranking NOT USED Installation, White: to relay necessary. to 12V fused 25A to ACC, or to 12V fused 25A to ACC, or IR1001_OMN_109
Installation, Red: LED and mount Installation, pushbutton switch and mount. Used selecting The with of vehicle and to the and/or vehicle to covered the warranty. reading this the affixing WARNING Decal to the and WARNING Decal the to the Idleright vehicle! Doing serious property and warranties! of, and SRS The upright and seated The of (DMM) or (VOM) instead of required. wires routed through the firewall from and of the their required. recommended, and highquality vehicle Non such as please Technical from AM to PM (East) MF Please that only and interface IR1001_OMN_109
interface TWO TWO EACH vehicle installation. Interface interface to allow of the These interface separately, and vehicles based and Please www.idleright.com of vehicles and interface The interface each vehicle concurrently with the Idleright. Please to the instructions from the interface specifications, and with the interface to the interface correctly the and covered warranty. interface each vehicle. Please each vehicle If the vehicle interface please to the section. The to the vehicle to these correctly the vehicle, and covered warranty. of shown the section. Please the following considerations: It recommended that the (J2/1 and J2/2) to the battery, using of the existing the These MUST fused 25A each. The lightbar should to the lightbar whenever input VDC reading. The light and should where they pressed. It recommended that vehicles when the to operation. the Idleright correctly connected to the interface the interface correctly and the correctly to the vehicle the Idleright. IR1001_OMN_109
Background The with factory vehicle. These shown the Instructions below. The Idleright with and vehicles shown below. completed and attempting to the vehicle the Idleright. options and and to increased or from the based the type of vehicle, of and age of the battery. that the to factory the to vehicle. Instructions: to the Idleright Turn to the Within Seconds, press/release (The LED to Press/Release the of of the Location which would to the press/release location, press/release to the option. The LED to the option selected. to the to press/release The LED to that location off. To options, the If the than the automatically based typical and switched warning light options that the recommended typical vehicle. to efficiency. IR1001_OMN_109
OPTION LOCATION DESCRIPTION This the (Not Recommended) which the vehicles 10.25V Recommended) the 10.5V Recommended) recharging process. 10.75V (Not Recommended) 11.0V WARNING: DO NOT SET 11.25V BELOW 11.0V FOR 11.5V STANDARD VEHICLES. 11.75V MOST VEHICLES WILL REQUIRE 11.5V 12.0V 12.25V FOR PROPER 12.5V OPERATION NOTE: HEAVIER LOADS REQUIRE LONGER TIMES. Lightbar Polarity NEG the lights POS POS switched or NEG switched and Initial This Seconds of the Seconds crank the vehicles NOTE: seconds of cranking to each Seconds recommended season and and Seconds Seconds Seconds Seconds This .25V the increase that the .5V the to to 1V the and further IR1001_OMN_109
Accessory Accessory Not Used to Operation: Warning: The should when the active. The and the vehicles ALL of the following The OFF The vehicles warning light turned The closed The NOT depressed. The measured the If the vehicle the of the the vehicles shutdown ANY of the following The The The other input from the vehicle To the Idleright function properly, to the and its to releasing the vehicle service. While the there other factors that to instance, vehicle, with and warning light higher and than vehicle with LED warning Other factors should higher and crank than warmer Since the IR1001_OMN_109
to testing to the properly the field. heavy loads, the enough to operating and the vehicle. It to the the as as while operating the Idleright. that higher than lighter loads. Therefore, recommended that testing with the vehicle the heaviest to the field. It to that vehicle trained to while the active. WARNING: the too the vehicle to to the vehicle and the vehicle, including the to the should VDC or higher. the below VDC and and testing. to the the lightbar and the vehicle when that the vehicle should or testing. the as performance. If technical encountered, please www.idleright.com or Technical Recommended The operates efficiently LOW to MODERATE loads. heavy the the to and of thereby reducing Following performance and efficiency: MUST turned off. the heat, conditioning, or other while the active, or to the vehicle. the of warning lights each lights and the front or flashing lights LED than other technologies, and performance. IR1001_OMN_109
Reference: this and the instructions the vehicle and reference. should the instructions Idlerightequipped vehicle the first the of or the LED as follows: On/Off Flashing Detected. The to to the On/Off Flashing to The attempted to the vehicle and Common of this vehicle or too or Initial too Troubleshooting/FAQs: Q: know that the correctly? A: the vehicle allowing to the first of hours, the vehicle should If steadily, then the should increased. If increasing steadily, then the decreased. Q: the to the the too or decreasing. What should A: The too high. These Decrease the turning off If the initially becomes shorter each with the then the charging the properly. and/or and to If the too with and charging and the vehicle highcurrent necessary to the with lowercurrent Q: know the cranking properly? A: The cranking should to months and the cranking should to winter months and the cranking to IR1001_OMN_109
increased. the cranking to the shortest that reliably the vehicle each without overcranking the IR1001_OMN_109
IR1001_OMN_109