Software the IP Interface Action Function Network Apply to Selected Device(s) Information Information Selection
Software The that follow through the software process. the TM HNC800PTZ CD CD-ROM The If the CDs automatically, of Computer, and the CD-ROM TEP automatically. CD
STEP You the right hand of the CD Click IP Utility to the the IP and Software. below.) IP and Software
STEP You the right of the IP and Software Click IP This the that the IP PC. below.) Select the directory the IP and Next. below). directory other than the clicking Browse TEP Select directory the IP
STEP Select to the IP and then Next. below.) STEP Click to the below.) Complete the Select
STEP Once the IP PC, IP appear Click to the IP IP
Interface the IP to the o the IP search the of four the of its (The from the This HVVT and found the right or of the or the the of the IP searching
the IP finished searching, the interface shown appear. You of the IP the clicking the to the of the assigns IP that with [LAN] please the that included The three buttons and to selected least of the that appears the IP user interface
The IP allows to or (of the the If the buttons this the HNC800PTZ.) There buttons the of the below), and buttons the of the Action Function buttons Clicking this clear the and the IP to search the LAN This about seconds. To or that the to the LAN using the IP this to them manually. Clicking this as shown You input the IP and to the to the Action buttons
Clicking this the selected from the The that the Search or them the manually. Function Click this to the of the selected please to section please If selected this allow to the selected with instead of one-by-one. Clicking this to the interfaces of the selected Click this to the firmware of the selected to section Click this to the factory the ted Click this to the IP Click this to information about the IP
o or (of the the Click to the of the selected clicking the the IP to to the elected If authentication to the and HTTP (If other than the to connecting to following Authentication of the selected the appear, as shown the Click this to back to the or Click this to the and to the Click this to the of the and to the
The the title of interface and displayed as the title the the The characters or characters byte-character-systems, such as Chinese or o the both the and Confirm text boxes. security the as both boxes. The characters. type the
and There three to the and The to the Network with The allows to the and manually otice the the related while to that input the correctly. The third allows to the with the every Network C the to the Network Next this indow, the IP gateway/router, DNS, and DNS. below.) the IP C the IP force the to its IP whenever The though, to IP If the to IP lease the IP and assign the IP that with existing If selected than to the IP and IP Network the this Usually this to please input the or the Network reachable.
Apply to selected the and clicking the Next the Apply appear. Click Apply to apply/confirm the to the selected or the Previous to back to the previous and the Apply
or (of the the Click to the of the selected clicking the the IP to to the to the HTTP below.) elected If the authentication Information connecting to the selected the appear as shown the following If than the Info the selected below.) You witch to info the or clicking the Authentication Info
Info
Information ation section the following information about the inform hat elected: The of the selected firmware. Supported The that the firmware The of the the and The of the The of the Supported The that the selected Selection the below the Information to and the that to selected selecting the the IP whether or the selected rrect. If correct, then the Information section the information about the and the You then the to the firmware. If correct, to appear. Info
Click fi to the the selected to the of the process. below.) the completed, please to