Copyright 95/98/ME and NT/2000/XP of Microsoft other and of their respective of this or or to (such as translation, transformation or without the written of the as the United States Copyright of FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or interface to comply with You cautioned that or the authority to the This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. CE Warning This Class this interference, which the to and the property of their respective Specifications to without
HAWKING LIMITED WARRANTY that every HNC300 Network and HNC320G Wireless-G Network from physical and workmanship from the of purchase. If the this one-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization Warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILTY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without obligation to or entity. Please to:
About This Introduction and Physical HNC300 LED LED Rear Network Connector DC Connector Top Screw Screw HNC320G LED LED Rear Network Connector DC Connector Connector Top Screw Screw Unpacking the HNC300 Ethernet the HNC320G Wireless Ethernet the Security
Administration HNC300 HNC320G HNC300 Administration Administration Administration Administration HNC320G Administration Administration Administration Administration ActiveX Applications Applications Applications SOHO Office, Office) Applications SE Application SE Started SE to to to the to Information to the Property Motion to the Recording A. B. IP C. Troubleshooting D. E. F. G. the H. Specifications: HNC300 HNC320G I. to the J. of Terms
This of the HNC300 Wired Network and HNC320G Wireless-G Network including of features, procedures, and other included the the operating procedures the SE
Thank purchasing the HNC300 Network or the HNC320G Wireless-G The HNC300 directly to Ethernet or Ethernet The HNC320G directly to Ethernet or Ethernet the IEEE wireless The HNC300 (the title the HNC300 HNC320G from PC that they with built-in CPUs and Therefore, they directly to the (LAN) and to connected to PC. they that high and The remotely, and and from the LAN or using The and web-based interface offer easy to
HNC300 HNC320G Network HNC300 HNC320G 10Base-T Ethernet or TX Ethernet Wireless Network HNC320G IEEE Wireless LAN Recommended PC or to Access the HNC300 HNC320G Microsoft 98SE/ME/2000/XP CPU: II, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or or (ActiveX JAVA OS and JAVA other OS) or (JAVA SE Application: Supported SE, XP SE: CPU: III, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or
This section the and of the HNC300 Network HNC320G Wireless-G Network to The HNC300 and HNC320G with built-in CPUs, and or software such as PC The HNC300 and HNC320G both ActiveX and and Therefore, that software such as or or or IP to the from Supports of Platforms The HNC300 HNC320G both TCP/IP SMTP HTTP and other related Both operating such as and They easily other applications. the and the HNC300 or HNC320G directly from its the HNC300 The to usernames and the HNC320G The to usernames and the Remote The SE assigns the ID and through which, the HNC300/HNC320G from the or when firmware becomes the the allowed to the and snapshots. Broad of Applications high-speed services, the HNC300 and HNC320G high performance, cost-effective that the and and The allow from They allow to and the from anywhere the You the to and locations such as homes, offices, child-care and of other and areas. The archiving, and other
HNC300 This section the externally features of the HNC300. LED The LED located to the right of the (when facing the steady light confirms that the The LED three with which to the light while Normal Dummy. Please to the section information and LED The LED located the right of the (when facing the It located to the right of the LED. steady light confirms the traffic, the LED to to that the receiving/transmitting from/to the The LED three with which to the light while Normal Dummy. Please to the section information and LED LED
Rear Ethernet Ethernet Network Connector The of the features RJ-45 10Base-T or 100Base-TX Ethernet twisted-pair The the and the function, thereby allowing the to or the of the DC Connector The DC input located the of the and DC 5V with to supply to the when the supply connected to initiated when the once and the LED to flash. Factory initiated when the continuously least three seconds or when the LED to light Release the and the LED to flash, indicating that the the factory factory completed, the IP to the of DC 5V DC Connector
Top Screw Located the top of the the screw to the the attaching the screw head the the screw of the Screw Located the of the the screw to the the attaching the screw head the the screw of the Screw
HNC320G This section the externally of the HNC320G. LED The LED located to the right of the (when facing the steady light confirms that the The LED three with which to the light while Normal Dummy. Please to the section information and LED The LED located the right of the (when facing the wireless It located to the right of the LED. steady light confirms the traffic, the LED to to that the receiving/transmitting from/to the The LED three with which to the light while Normal Dummy. Please to the section information and LED LED
Rear Ethernet Network Connector Network Connector The of the wireless RJ-45 10Base-T Ethernet or 100Base-TX Ethernet twisted-pair The the and the MDIX function, thereby allowing the wireless to or the of the DC Connector The DC input located the of the wireless and DC 5V with to supply to the when the supply connected to initiated when the once and the LED to flash. Factory initiated when the continuously least three seconds or when the LED to light Release the and the LED to flash, indicating that the wireless the factory factory completed the wireless to and the ESS-ID as NULL (This the wireless to ANY the The IP to the of Connector The SMA-type located the of the wireless thereby high-sensitivity that included with the The allowing the to its to the ANT DC 5V Connector DC Connector
Top Screw Located the top of the wireless the screw to the the attaching the screw head the the screw of the wireless Screw Located the of the wireless the screw to the the attaching the screw head the the screw of the wireless Screw Screw
Unpack and Inspect the and items. The HNC300 consists of: One HNC300 Wired Network One CD-ROM One One DC One One RJ-45 Ethernet One Hosted Datasheet The HNC320G consists of: One HNC320G Network One Wireless One CD-ROM One One DC One One RJ-45 Ethernet One Hosted Please to that the and that items If please Please this thoroughly, and follow the and operation contained within. Connecting the HNC300/HNC320G to the The HNC300 and HNC320G include optional) with screw head that attached to the screw the to the and the there three located the of the thereby allowing the to securely mounted the or
This section the procedures the HNC300 and HNC320G. HNC300 Ethernet Ethernet to the Ethernet located the rear of the and the other to the the the supply to the DC input located the of the The input DC 5V. to supply. Confirm that the that the LED Ethernet Ethernet DC 5V DC 5V
HNC320G Wireless On the of the wireless screw the the that included the Ethernet Ethernet to the Ethernet located the of the and the other to the
the the supply to the DC input located the of the The input DC 5V. to supply. Confirm that the that the LED Please Once HNC320G that connected to existing wireless with the wireless then the Ethernet
To the highest security and unauthorized of the HNC300 or HNC320G, the network to the Administration to and that allow and authorized users. The HNC300 and HNC320G protection. Access to the restricted to users only, who and that assigned the release user and that when users the HNC300 or HNC320G, they to the the the HNC300 or HNC320G the first recommended that the the ID" and to users to the the the the ID and Once the ID and the to the This operation should as as the security of the HNC300 and HNC320G the ID" and
This section the the HNC300 and HNC320G. The HNC300 and HNC320G their built-in Web-based Knowledge of when the the the IP to the of the From the IP type the (If already the to the IP then the IP the The numbered of the the IP of The first three of the IP with the first three of the IP them to The PC and the and Gateway. Once the IP the the shown below appear with There three options to choose from to and They as follows: ActiveX Administration
Administration Click Administration the to the the There options to choose from the They below both, the HNC300 and HNC320G. HNC300 HNC320G HNC300 Administration: The the information to Click the items the to the right of the text to including: Network and
Click to the right of the text to the of The information, including the Location, MAC and IP Address, found this field. Ethernet You the this field, including and the Click to the right of the text to information. The information, including the and IP found this field.
Network Click Network to the right of the text to the information. Network The items this field the information, such as the IP Address, Gateway, DNS Secondary DNS Address, DNS, Secondary HTTP and Click to the right of the text to the user(s) information. Active Users: The items this field the information, including the IP and
Administration: The commands that to the operation. Click the top and the appear as below: Click to the right of the text to this field,
This to the The the where the of the MAC Address. The characters ASCII). Location: This field to the location. The this section to the ID) and The ID and allow the user to and the Administration to the to the once the field and the Confirm field. The both the user and (or The ID) of ASCII) characters and the of ASCII) characters. It recommended that the ID and as as to security options the NOTE If would to account that only to the the this the of the section. Instructions to such user the that follow. LED This option allows users to the as This when activity ON. There three and they as follows: Normal LED off. OFF LED off. Steady On Dummy Steady On, with The the LED Normal the LED the Steady On Steady On there LAN activity, the LED steadily.
Click to the right of the text to the this field, the Select the or Select the You to choose from, from to High higher with and The Select the The Brightness the brightness the the the the the Light the light to of operation. The options or the Select to the horizontally, or to the vertically. If of the factor from the light from please this item to the
Network Click Network to the right of the to the LAN TCP/IP: IP This field with three They as follows: IP You this option and the IP directly. The IP Gateway (DHCP) If DHCP this option. According to this the assigned IP from the DHCP Once the of the the to (this to the finished the IP the The IP should appear the IP Address heading the (If the to the assigned IP to the PLEASE NOTE If to of IP IP the option.
If from ADSL through the RJ-45 LAN this option and the ID and the respective boxes. You should ISP account. The IP from the ISP when DNS IP Address: DNS service that IP least DNS IP this field. DNS: The DNS service allows to IP to of the allowing to easily from locations the HTTP The and to network Select from the option and the the The HTTP field allows to the This users routers to the router) access. to with the following IP You the each from to as illustrated below: IP IP IP IP IP You to router to to to to to that the correct, the to the the You alternatively the to to the to or from the the architecture connectivity of and of factors. the option to the function
Click to the right of the text to and users Access Access The the authority to users to the and selecting or The the Access to that user to the and to to the Users: this field to or users the this and the that assigned the this The ASCII) characters. The the authority to users to the selecting or to the To the information first and the Select the user to from the pull-down and then the This displays the
Click to right of the text to the and You the and selecting the with option, or manually the Manually section. with this option to the to the GMT The every selecting this option, to the information the following IP the IP of the this You from options, NTP or to with the The NTP the the from the pull-down Manually: Select this option to the manually. The manually the and the respective field.
Click to the right of the text to the the FTP and operation. FTP This field the following basic FTP Address: The IP of the FTP The the FTP which the If the FTP please this with the IT the user this field. the this to the FTP Directory Path: existing this field, and the to the This function FTP Please with IT the FTP The
Select the to FTP option and the information, such as the and You Choose to the to the FTP or to the the option, the and There to the second, or the seconds, every the to that the using this Since that than to the FTP choose the including Suffix and the Operation: the the to the The to the and information
Click to the right of the text to the account, and Account: This field the following SMTP SMTP You to input the this field. Address: the of the who the Address: the of the who the the user this field. the user this field to the Select the to account option to to Please to the instructions the section. The option to the the of Operation: the the to The option to the the of
Administration: The commands basic tests, as as and restarting the Click the top and the appear as below: FTP Click FTP to the right of the text to FTP FTP Serve Click the button to the FTP Click to the right of the to account. Account: Click the to the account
really to this Click the this option, and the (This to physically turning the off and If to the this without clicking Factory to this to factory If the this option, the factory the If to the factory this without clicking Please NOTE that to the network Factory firmware through this Click the to the and then to
Click the item the to back the to to the to Click the from this option, and the to from You the from the Click the to the and then to restoring.
Administration: The the information. Click the top and the appear as below: About the and Once the completed, to to the and the option through ActiveX or as the section. Then, the the location. Then, the You this manually turning the clockwise or counter-clockwise the clarity. Please to instructions.
HNC320G Administration: The the information to Click the items the to the right of the text to including: Wireless Network and Click to the right of the to the of The information, including the Location, MAC and IP Address, found this field. Ethernet You the network this field, including and the
Click to the right of the to information. The information, including the and IP found this field. Wireless Click Wireless to the right of the text to the wireless LAN information. Wireless The items this the wireless LAN information, such as the or Ad-Hoc), SSID, and WEP Encryption.
Network Click Network to the right of the to the information. Network The items this field the information, such as the IP Address, DNS Address, Secondary DNS Address, DNS, Secondary HTTP and Click to the right of the text to the user(s) information. Active Users: The items this field the information, including the IP and
Administration: The commands that to the operation. Click the top and the appear as below: Click to the right of the text to basic this field, basic
This field to the The the where the of the MAC Address. The characters ASCII). Location: This field to the location. The this section to the ID) and The ID and allow the user to and the Administration to the to the once the field and the Confirm field. The both the user and (or The ID) of ASCII) characters and the of ASCII) characters. It recommended that the ID and as as to security options the NOTE If would to account that to the the this the of the section. Instructions to such the that follow. LED This option allows to the as This when activity ON. There three and they as follows: Normal LED off. OFF LED off. Steady On Dummy Steady On, with flashing. The the LED Normal the LED the Steady On Steady On there LAN activity, the LED steadily.
Click to the right of the text to the this field, the Select the or Select the You to choose from, from to High higher with and The Select the The Brightness the brightness the the the the the Light the light to of operation. The options or the Select to the or to the vertically. If of the factor from the light from please this item to the
Wireless Click Wireless to the right of the text to the wireless LAN wireless Wireless Interface this option to the type of wireless There and Ad-Hoc The SSID: The SSID (Service the assigned to the wireless Clicking Survey and the SSID of the wireless this displays initially). This the to ANY the To the to the please to the SSID of the to with the SSID to characters and allowed) the SSID
To the to Ad-Hoc wireless that the wireless and SSID to match with the wireless Wireless This pull-down allows to the wireless of to the and or the and Ad-Hoc Select the from the the where the The Select the from this pull-down The WEP Encryption WEP Encryption: Wireless intercepted easily. WEP (Wired Privacy) specified the IEEE to intercepted to The this option recommended that WEP or the advanced of WPA-PSK. The WPA-PSK the section the of this WEP Format: To WEP Encryption, should the first selecting the ASCII or HEX option, and then input the WEP the following ASCII input ASCII each character type to as and lower-case characters that input through To WEP input ASCII characters. To WEP input ASCII characters. These character counts counts of and respectively; the input to count of or HEX input each of characters type to as the through and the through or To WEP input characters HEX (which the as ASCII input of To WEP input characters HEX (which the with ASCII input These character counts counts of and respectively; the wireless input to count of or Encrypt this pull-down to whether to or WPA-PSK: This item to wireless ASCII or HEX characters). If this function, each phrase to the
Advanced this field, advanced This option the Preamble: wireless to the including Synchronization and Please NOTE that to the Preamble type from to Short to the Authentication the the Shared allows with other with WEP The Both
Network Click Network to the right of the text to the LAN TCP/IP: IP This field with three They as follows: IP You this option and the IP directly. The IP Gateway (DHCP) If DHCP this option. According to this the assigned IP from the DHCP Once the of the the to (this to the finished the IP the The IP should appear the IP Address heading the utility. (If the to the assigned IP to the PLEASE NOTE If to of IP IP the option.
If from ADSL through the RJ-45 LAN click this option and the ID and the respective boxes. You should ISP account. The IP from the ISP when DNS IP Address: DNS service that IP least DNS IP this field. DNS: The DNS service allows to IP to of the allowing to easily from locations the HTTP The and to Select from the option and the the The HTTP field allows to the This users routers to the router) access. to with the following IP You the each from to as illustrated below: IP IP IP IP IP You to router to to to to to that the correct, the to the the You alternatively the to to the to or from the network the architecture connectivity of and of factors. the option to the function
Click to the right of the text to and users The the authority to to the and selecting or The the Access to that to the and to to the Users: this field to or users the this and the that assigned the this The ASCII) characters. The the authority to to the selecting or to the To the information first and the Select the to from the pull-down and then the This displays the user
Click to right of the text to the and You the and selecting the with option, or manually the Manually section. with Select this option to the to the GMT The every selecting this option, to the information the following IP the IP of the this You from NTP or to with the The NTP Select the the from the pull-down Manually: Select this option to the manually. The manually the and the respective field.
Click to the right of the text to the the FTP and operation. FTP This the following FTP Address: The IP of the FTP The the FTP which the If the FTP please this with the IT the this field. the this field to the FTP Directory Path: existing this field, and the to the This function FTP Please with IT the FTP The
Select the to FTP option and the information, such as the and You Choose to the to the FTP or to the the option, the and options. There to the second, or the seconds, every the to that the using this that than to the FTP choose the including Suffix and the Operation: the the to the The to the and information
Click to the right of the text to the account, and Account: This field the following basic SMTP Address: SMTP You to input the this field. Address: the of the who the Address: the of the who the the this field. the user this field to the Select the to account option to to Please to the instructions the section. The option to the the of Operation: the the to The option to the the of
Administration: The commands basic tests, as as and restarting the Click the top and the appear as below: FTP Click FTP to the right of the text to FTP FTP Serve Click the to the FTP Click to the right of the text to account. Account: Click the to the account provided.
really to this Click the this option, and the (This to physically turning the off and If to the this without clicking Factory to this to factory If the this option, the factory the If to the factory this without clicking Please NOTE that to the Factory through this Click the to the firmware and then to
Click the item the to back the to to the to Click the from this option, and the to from You the from the Click the to the and then to restoring.
Administration: The the information. Click the top and the appear as below: About the and Once the completed, to to the and the option through ActiveX or as the section. Then, the the location. Then, the You this manually turning the clockwise or counter-clockwise the clarity. Please to instructions.
ActiveX To from the ActiveX the to the from as below: The when the field the Location** The location of the displayed when the Location the The of the the and which from or manually. Please to the to ActiveX. to the to PC the ActiveX allowed options and option. the selection ON or OFF to the options each of the the authority to the through the the of Administration The the authority to allow to the through the the Upload of Administration Location
Click from the to the from the or as below: The displayed when the field the Location** The location of the displayed when the Location field the The of the wireless the and which from or manually. the ActiveX allowed options and option. the selection ON or OFF to the options each of the NOTE: Please to the to ActiveX, including: to the and to PC. The the authority to the function through the the option The the authority to the function through the the option Location
The HNC300/HNC320G of applications. The all-in-one and directly to Ethernet or Ethernet The HNC320G the IEEE The with built-in CPUs, with web-based that allow the to high They remotely, and and from PC the or With the SE further the of the HNC300/HNC320G. This chapter typical the HNC300/HNC320G and SE software, and includes knowledge to the and of the Applications of and and such as and browser. the SE software or Applications SOHO SOHO Wireless
SOHO Office, Office) Applications SOHO
the CD-ROM the CD-ROM to initiate the Once completed, appear as follows:
To the SE Software" to the the Once appear and the input of the selection. the selection and OK to The Welcome appear. Click the Next to with the installation.
The appear, as below. the and the to with the appear and the Destination Next to the recommended location or to another location. specifying the location, Next to proceed.
The Select appear, information where the SE located. Click Next to If to click to to the Please of the appears, and then to and the to the to the
the to the the SE software the the HNC300/HNC320G to \Programs\Files Directory. To SE, SE SE Once the SE and the interface appear as below the
This section the operation of the SE Interface with of the SE of the preview, and search of each It incorporates interface ease of and as illustrated below. SE the the back the recording Scan Searches the LAN. (At this function that the HCVT located beneath the UPC the or within the that appears the white of the this function to other the LAN that this Combine Combines About information about the SE Scan About Combine
to Click to appear, as illustrated below. You the IP of the the specified field and the to If to the physical IP Address. the the router/gateway and the of the of the router/gateway function the Gateway IP with the as below:
At the the Gateway IP URL as below: If incorrectly input the IP to appear to of the If of the IP the and the appear with as illustrated below. You the and the to The appear once this with the IP Click the and the SE
If the appears, to the and and the OK and the SE If the and incorrectly, the SE. The appear the already the and the If to highlight the to appear to of the to to the information updated. You the user the four appear: Assign IP to Disconnect, Information
Assign IP to to Assign IP of New To the Assign IP of Assign IP of appear as illustrated below: You the and the to Information Motion
to the the the and the appear with the the of the the of the the of the top The top of the the when closed. the of the the Snapshot Commands the to the of the Click to and the The HNC300 and HNC320G
Disconnect the Click the to the How to To the to from the SE Then the the SE appear as below.
Information Information information. to the Property The below appear. HDD The HDD memory from MB to MB.
Recording From the Recording the recording the (The recording 5MB). If the recorded reach the recorded another automatically. recording memory from MB to MB. This the to the The software as the which allowed to to four Paths. Recycle, the recycle the HDD once the becomes than the The from MB to MB. Proxy This selected to Proxy Scan This allows each The each from to seconds. Click this to the Motion and icons. to the section. Motion
Motion the and selects the options to with the motion function with the function when motion detected. The the to IP or of To: of receiver. Subject: Can information the user chooses. the this field. the user this to the receivers The to the (the seconds).
Click the and the Path The firmware then updated automatically. If of the path, the The appear with as illustrated below. Warning the firmware process, please interruptions as serious to the
to the Recording There three to recording the Motion Record, Record Record. Motion Record Recording when motion the motion You the and choose the options when motion from the motion Record recording as scheduled. The or Record recording.
A. Q: What A: The HNC300/HNC320G that directly to Ethernet or Ethernet The HNC320G wireless based the IEEE It from PC that the HNC300/HNC320G all-in-one with built-in CPU and web-based that which high The HNC300/HNC320G remotely, and and from the or What the of users that allowed to the HNC300/HNC320G A: The of users that the HNC300/HNC320G the Please that the performance of the when users What algorithm to the A: The HNC300/HNC320G the JPEG thereby high users. JPEG and to software without the to software. the HNC320G only: Q: Can the wireless that to the HNC320G? A: The wireless such as the wireless However, please that the of the of the SMA type. of high performance that to the that included with the HNC320G, please the www.hawkingtech.com Q: What the wireless the HNC320G? A: Generally, the wireless reach to and to The the of walls, or other that the wireless through. Typical the of and background (RF) or business and the of HNC300/HNC320G Q: Can the HNC300/HNC320G A: The HNC300/HNC320G weatherproof. recommended. the with weatherproof to to when choosing this option. What cabling the HNC300/HNC320G? A: The HNC300/HNC320G UTP Base-T and Base-TX
Q: Can the HNC300/HNC320G as PC the A: the HNC300/HNC320G and Ethernet and Ethernet The HNC320G wireless Can the HNC300/HNC320G connected the consists of IP A: The HNC300/HNC320G connected to LAN with IP Q: Can the HNC300/HNC320G and function properly firewall the A: If firewall the ordinary the HNC300/HNC320G the required. Therefore, to the users to the HNC300/HNC320G. B. IP The PING whether IP to the and reply. It to the IP conflicts with the HNC300/HNC320G the Follow the below to the PING command. first the HNC300/HNC320G from the DOS where the IP of the C. Troubleshooting below helpful to the of that might with the HNC300/HNC320G. Q: the from A1: The might the IP conflicts with another To the to first the from the Then the PING (follow the instructions PING IP Address). A2: Another reason the IP located To the the PING (follow the instructions PING IP Address). If the or the correct, then should as follows: and NT, that the IP of the within the as workstation. Click and the Network Select TCP/IP from the and from the TCP/IP Specify IP
If the than workstation, to the IP from this workstation. To the first three sections of the IP of the to the first three sections of the workstation. the IP of the from workstation the A3: Other might to the the interface of the connecting to the to If the the faulty. Q: the LED continuously? A: The supply the of the Confirm that the DC 5V supply that with the HNC300/HNC320G and that the supply connected. Q: the LED light properly? A1: There might with the To that the PING the of know the If the cabling OK and reachable, should to the following A2: The the functioning properly such as or switches. Confirm the the connected and functioning. the HNC320G only) A3: The wireless might the HNC320G wireless and SSID to match the wireless and SSID the SSID the and the HNC320G match with the Access SSID. Q: the HNC300/HNC320G locally externally? A1: This might caused the firewall protection. You to the firewall with A2: The router might reason. You to the of the router required. Q: of broad white appears throughout the A: that the CMOS Specifications) becomes overloaded when the light too bright, as from to sunlight or light. You to the immediately, as prolonged the CMOS Q: The What to this? A1: The might correctly the of sight. You to the manually, turning the the clockwise or counterclockwise A2: There with C-type If the CS-type C-type without the first.
Q: What to this? A1: The might the HNC300/HNC320G light To this the location with lighting. the HNC320G only) A2: There might wireless interference. there other wireless the network that the wireless Q: The the A1: might that the incorrectly You to the and to least least or dithering artifacts the A2: The of the HNC300/HNC320G incorrect. Through the section, to the related such as brightness, and light Please to the section information. Q: There through the browser. A: The ActiveX might If the from ActiveX the Alternatively, the Applet the D. the firmware the SE Select and the Property appear. Select the and the of the firmware the field, or the to the Once the firmware the to with the process. Once completed, the OK as illustrated below. Warning: the process, please interruptions as this serious to the HNC300/HNC320G.
E. Table
F. To Information It highly recommended to the to the IE It to with IP Installation: Copy the to WEB From the and the Loading ActiveX input location location.com/ Once the completed the to the from the selecting the ActiveX
To PC the CD-ROM the CD-ROM to initiate the Once completed, appear, as follows: To the (ActiveX the to the the Once executed, appear and the input of the selection. the selection and OK to
The appear. Click the Next to with the The appear as below. the and the to with the Click the to the of the the
G. the The HNC300/HNC320G features exchangeable CS-type that as necessary. It the to and to the of the To the of the to the the clockwise or counterclockwise the reached. the of the as of to the the than from the Assembly. You further the the Administration Please to the section further Warning Direct to sunlight to the CMOS Therefore, the directly to sunlight. operation with or excessively bright light, recommended to The and prolonged to sunlight, recommended to the
H. Specifications HNC300 Specifications CMOS White 3000K Length: F=1.8 ratio JPEG QCIF, CIF, VGA Rate selection: the Supported Interface LAN Connector: One RJ-45 to to LED LED LED There three the (Normal Dummy), which the software. Supply: DC 5V, switching type Communication: 5V) Communication Communication: Ethernet Communication HTTP, FTP, TCP/IP, UDP, ARP, ICMP, BOOTP, RARP, DHCP, SMTP, DDNS, RAM: 8MB ROM: 2MB
CPU: II, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or or (ActiveX JAVA with OS; JAVA with other OS) or (JAVA SE Application OS: SE, ME, XP CPU: III, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or 5C 40C -25C 50C Humidity: EMI FCC, CE
HNC320G CMOS White 3000K Length: F=1.8 JPEG QCIF, CIF, VGA Rate selection: the Supported Interface LAN Connector: One RJ-45 to to Ethernet, Wireless LAN: wireless LAN LED LED LED There three the (Normal Dummy), which the software. Supply: DC 5V, switching type Communication: 5V) Connector: Communication Communication: Ethernet and wireless LAN. HTTP, FTP, TCP/IP, UDP, ARP, ICMP, BOOTP, RARP, DHCP, SMTP, DDNS,
CPU: II, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or or (ActiveX JAVA OS; JAVA other OS) or (JAVA SE Application Supported OS: SE, ME, XP CPU: III, or Memory MB MB recommended) VGA or 5C 40C -25C 50C Humidity: EMI FCC, CE
I. to the The outlined below router: the its IP and If directly to the If to recommended that each and Location the provided. that the IP You IP to the and to to within the (LAN). If the then already obtained IP the or You back to the or the to the IP On the the IP the heading the section. The with existing Please that the Gateway routers IP Address.
You to each to to them the The HTTP option the of the section reasons: to other than the and when than the Please that the without to Please that when the router, to the as the the router the instances when router, please or with ISP to the section of the network section, the HTTP field allows the of the Select and then type the field This users routers to network the router) access. each that to to to the HTTP option and that that to and they the following IP You the each from to as illustrated below: IP HTTP IP HTTP IP HTTP IP HTTP IP HTTP
choose to the IP of recommended that to the This conflicts the IP To the the to router The routers user include instructions to this. The of I. include instructions to the the Please that to router: the and the that the section correct, the to the the You alternatively the to to the to or from the and to router of Routers WAN IP You to to the routers its IP the and the (or On this should to the routers IP This IP the routers IP and from its IP You this IP
when to the To remotely the recommended required) that assign IP to router. You to ISP to IP the attached to the router, the IP allow to the the If to from location, recommended that, location, of this IP reference. It to the with IP (using DHCP) router, this the With the option, routers IP Therefore, when the routers IP to the routers or (and authorized know the routers IP to the the (With the option, the routers IP The IP the Therefore, to the and other the from within the to Assign Typically, there Advanced (or section the routers where or sub-section. To the to router. The outlined below should routers: Once located the (or section, the this option TCP the field. Next, option This that rather than of them.
the field, to to the earlier this If to the or to The field, then to this the as Please that the and match to Please that to each (as earlier this Therefore, the which to such as the field, to each previous the from the Network Once the correctly and authorized the from the as as from within. To the from the location the type the routers IP and the assigned to the the of router IP of type the following the assigned to the From within the the IP to the to the IP the from within the type: (Although, the routers IP followed and would as
J. of Terms 10BASE-T 10BASE-T UTP III,IV, or twisted-pair 100BASE-TX The two-pair twisted-media of 100BASE-T 100BASE-TX IEEE wireless It offers of to the band. Access that acts as the interface wireless LAN and wired LAN. The attaches to the wired LAN through Ethernet Applet that HTML The the that to the from which the ASCII American Information It the characters as of numbers, allowing of characters. ARP ARP that the TCP/IP which the IP to physical AVI Interleave. This platform and type, and BOOTP that workstation to its IP C Communication Communication four receiver, and and to each other They the and receivers. The they the The cabling or they the establish to with each other.
DHCP Microsoft and assigning IP to With IP every to the the IP while connected. DHCP of and IP This simplifies the because the software track of IP rather than to the This to without the of manually assigning IP DHCP allows the the service router, or other that assigns IP to that DNS service that IP alphabetic, they're to The however, really based IP Every the DNS the the IP the www.network_camera.com might to consists of of connected to each other geographically The the of distributed and operates the Ethernet The LAN There of of including and cabling to information, the of Ethernet of CSMA/CD that operates or Ethernet 100BASE-T, operates or UTP, STP, or Firewall firewall the first of protecting information. security, encrypted. firewall to unauthorized to or from to unauthorized from connected to the Intranets. or leaving the through the firewall, which each and those that the specified security Gateway that together.
of that characteristics, such as the HEX Short HEX to the base-16 which consists of the to and the through F. the as the The as It to than numbers. IEEE of and This or that the software the The that internal only. The of that connected, based the (IP). The to and information To and Protocol-based that to the other IP IP The the that the of the basic of information the (the and the to the information. service the IP of to the The IP to IP people allow the DHCP function of router or to assign the IP internal IP IP that each or of information that the IP It the thing the to numbers. that connected to the that owns that IP ISP Service that that to the of ISP offers the of its to or who cant the high monthly
JAVA that specially writing that to through the without the fear of It oriented multi-thread creating and the and other distributed LAN Network. that relatively to building or of NAT Network Generally router, IP internal appear to the as routing properly within each IP the NAT the within information from the the to the the router's IP NAT the to the IP within Network consists of of or people, or that with each other physical or The of and WANs. LAN to another. They usually the office or WAN the geographic locations and connected telephone or waves. that the highest PING to whether IP It to the specified and reply. It to troubleshoot connecting the users Ethernet to the through broadband such as DSL or the users the Ethernet
Communication the of the to with each other, and they formatting and that from memory to the Others information and to its other the and to workstation and Common the and formatting of network operating the Internetwork (IPX) or the (IP). that the of the include and with Detection (CSMA/CD), implemented as ARCNET, FDDI, or The Router Information (RIP), of the (TCP/IP) forwards from to another the RARP TCP/IP that allows physical such as Ethernet to translated IP RJ-45 RJ-45 Ethernet Router router the software or with routing that such as or other information. SMTP The SNMP Network SNMP to foundation network Station consists of that the FDDI, includes both physical and Workstations, stations, stations, and FDDI stations. TCP/IP, the to the the TCP/IP that of It to and to the of the
together. to that to that On 10BASE-5 the the or other to the 10BASE-2 or 10BASE-T to with AUI UDP The that IP the TCP/IP ULP The upper-layer to Application such as FTP, SNMP, and SMTP. The USERNAME the assigned to each who to the LAN. It that UTP Unshielded twisted-pair. UTP of It consists of of wires sheath. WAN Network. wide-area consists of of interconnected that and with each other graphical interface workstations that DOS. Workgroup of users who physically located together and connected to the LAN, or of who throughout logically connected and connected to the group. Workstations Workstation to the the This Intel-based PC, or UNIX-based workstation. The workstation from.