GS108T Switch NETGEAR Inc. Great America CA USA March
Inc. Rights NETGEAR, the NETGEAR and or of Inc. the United States and/or other countries. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. Other and of their respective Information to without rights of Conditions the of internal function, and/or reliability, NETGEAR the right to to the products this without NETGEAR that to the or of the product(s) or of the It hereby that the GS108T Switch with the the and The operation of with the regulations however, to Please to the the operating instructions. The Office Telecommunications of the of this the and the right to the with the regulations. Council Interference (VCCI) This the first (information to and/or areas) and conforms to the the Council Interference Processing and Office that interference and/or areas. Consequently, when this or thereto, interference caused to such as and TV receivers. (FCC) Notice: Notice This with of the FCC to the following This interference. This interference received, including interference that operation. NOTE: This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. March
the outlet from that which the connected. the or EU of The NETGEAR GS108T Switch with the following EU Council Directives: 89/336/EEC and LVD 73/23/EEC. testing to the following EN55022 Class A, EN55024 and EN60950-1. This Class this interference, which the to of Interference Regulations This (NETGEAR GS108T Switch) the Class from as the Interference Regulations of the of (NETGEAR GS108T Switch) Customer with and NETGEAR or or following installation: the NETGEAR Technical North America 1-888-NETGEAR. If North America, please to the the Information Card that included with switch. Technical Defective or merchandise to point-of-purchase Internet/World NETGEAR World that the (URL) to the and such as or required. FCC the United States FCC Information to This user-serviceable and to with only. or and March
FCC This with FCC forth This should and operated with of the and This or operating with other or FCC Declaration Conformity NETGEAR, Inc., Great America CA responsibility that the GS108T: Switch with and with of FCC to the following This interference and This interference received, including interference that operation." Product and Publication GS108T Publication March Product Family: Switch Product GS108T Switch or Product: English Publication Publication March
The NETGEAR GS108T Switch Installation to and troubleshoot the GS108T Switch. The information this with intermediate and and The and of this the following Typographical This the following typographical Italics Emphasis, CDs, and input, IP GUI text Command CLI URL This the following to highlight This to highlight information of or This to highlight that or Warning: this type of malfunction or to the This warning. to of this or death. March About This
GS108T Switch This written the GS108T Switch to these specifications: Product GS108T Switch Publication March Product the NETGEAR, Inc. to This The HTML of this includes the following: and browsing forwards or through the that displays the of and Double-click the of or to directly to where the topic the to the NETGEAR, Inc. knowledge the to PDF of the and chapters. to this To this choose of the following from HTML Each the HTML of the to topic. Select from the to the from PDF the to and PDF The the PDF Chapter. March
Click the PDF of This the top of the chapter to The PDF of the chapter Click the the of PDF of the Complete Click the Complete PDF the top of the The PDF of the Click the the of If of and selecting this Revision History March Product created March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch March
Congratulations purchase of the NETGEAR GS108T Switch! NETGEAR Switch state-of-the-art, high-performance, who of and the of to performance, and increase productivity. There twisted-paired the front of the switch which To simplify installation, the switch shipped ready of the This chapter as the introduction NETGEAR GS108T Switch and the following information: Switch NETGEAR GS108T Switch twisted-pair that these high-speed to or backbone. switches to each other with high-speed March Introduction
GS108T Switch to high-speed GS108T Switch the of with of the observation, and of With Web-based Graphical Interface (GUI), the switchs and and There easy to switch that PC. The switchs features include and switch information, VLAN increased and Class of Service (CoS) These features, and to and NETGEAR GS108T Switch free-standing or rack-mounted or It and offers latency high-speed It includes Ethernet to the highest This the switch that of and Ethernet half- or increasing the of each to or respectively. The twisted-pair (UTP) The following the features of the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. Gigabit-Ethernet switching Factory switch IEEE tree IEEE Security IEEE LLDP Discovery SNMP Network IEEE 802.1Q VLAN with to to 4K IEEE four Port-based VLAN with to to VLAN IEEE Introduction March
HTTP Web-based Supports function, to each and and Auto-Discovery with and the switches the backup/restore, and factory with IEEE IEEE (10BASE-T) IEEE (100BASE-TX) IEEE (1000BASE-X, 1000Base-T) IEEE flow and the right Integrated 8K MAC and half-duplex Store-and-Forward to from the Active flow to back-pressure IEEE flow LED LED on/off Link/Act LED and activity installation: Introduction March GS108T Switch
This chapter the features of the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. Topics and back RJ-45 LED Factory and and the the front and back of the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. GS108T SwitchFront GS108T SwitchRear The front RJ-45 with The DC the March Chapter Physical
GS108T Switch RJ-45 The RJ-45 of the GS108T Switch of these the switch the or or and the (half- or of the attached twisted-pair (UTP) with RJ-45 To simplify the attaching RJ-45 This to to the RJ-45 straight-through or of these the switch automatically: whether the of attached and network or (such as when connecting the to PC) or (such as when connecting the to router, switch, or the RJ-45 to with the attached without intervention. LED The front of the NETGEAR GS108T Switch that of and activity. The following the function of these Activity ACT LED LED) Physical established the On established the On or reception occurring the March
Table (continued) ACT LED (Right LED) ACT LED (Both The of the GS108T of the switch. shows its location the front This action to switching the off and back The the switch as To the button, such as the to the recessed The should extinguish and light as the switch its On (POST). Physical established the On established the On or reception occurring the established the On established the On or reception occurring the March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch of the GS108T Switch Factory The Factory of the GS108T Switch to clear the and the switch to its factory This function clears including the VLAN and To this operation, such as the to the recessed Physical March
Factory of the GS108T Switch Physical March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch Physical March
NETGEAR GS108T Switch to It as or with and and switches. This chapter shows the switch Switching NETGEAR GS108T Switch as switch that to With the switch connected to the or PC throughput. of Switching March Chapter Applications
GS108T Switch Applications March
This chapter the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. Switch the following the footpads and mounting Checking the Connecting to the switch Applying Switching through or the switch, that operating the Table Characteristics Mounting or Access the switch that the front RJ-45 the front and (included) that the AC outlet switch, which off to the and the switch. the switch shown B, Technical Specifications Wall-mount: location Access You the mounting screws with switch. March Chapter
GS108T Switch Applying and Wall Mounting foot each of the four the of the switch. (The switch with four self-adhesive footpads.) These footpads cushion the switch shock and They switches. To mount the switch (optional), the screws that to the the of the GS108T, then mount the switch. Checking the apply inspect the thoroughly to: that correctly. that and that routing with to that mounted properly and securely. Connecting Devices to the Switch The following to to the switchs RJ-45 NETGEAR GS108T Switch technology, which to straight-through or March
Connecting Devices to the Switch each to RJ-45 the switchs front twisted-pair (UTP) with RJ-45 Ethernet the the switch and the attached to the NETGEAR GS108T Switch ON/OFF switch, AC of the Select unswitched, grounded AC facility outlet as to interruptions. the following to apply AC the of the IEC AC to the the back of the switch. the AC to the DC apply the LED the switch front March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch If the LED light, that the correctly and that the AC supply If this the to A, Troubleshooting Switching Through or (Initial NETGEAR GS108T Switch software and its activity and You this software to function as switch. the software to advanced such as and and to the switch efficiency and performance. the performance of the switch the first or Discovery. information about the switch, the the Switch CD. March
This chapter information about troubleshooting the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. Information Troubleshooting chart Additional troubleshooting Troubleshooting Chart Table A-1 and of Table A-1. Troubleshooting Chart Symptom LED off received the the switch the switch and the connected and comply with specifications. LED off or performance Troubleshooting A-1 Half- or the switch and the connected the March Troubleshooting the the and that the properly and the both the switch and the and comply with Ethernet specifications. D. or testing them where products functioning. the attached to
GS108T Switch A-1. Troubleshooting Chart (continued) Symptom or as of the LED flashing continuously connected and the Additional Troubleshooting If the A-1 to the troubleshooting this section. Network Cards that the the and their software If the the and to isolate the the that and other physical aspects of the the Ethernet Switch Integrity If the of the switch To this, the Chapter Physical or AC from the switch and then reapply If the NETGEAR technical North America, 1-888-NETGEAR. If of North America, please to the information included with A-2 Troubleshooting One or properly connected, or cabling Ethernet path) created March that the cabling correct. securely the Break the that there path from to other
This technical specifications the NETGEAR GS108T Switch. Network and IEEE 10BASE-T IEEE 100BASE-TX IEEE 1000BASE-T IEEE IEEE IEEE tree IEEE Security IEEE LLDP Discovery SNMP Network IEEE 802.1Q Static VLAN to Port-based VLAN to IEEE Class of Service (CoS) Port-based priority; High/Normal/Low/Lowest) as Interface RJ-45 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX, and 1000BASE-T Specifications B-1 March Technical Specifications
GS108T Switch Speed/Link/Act Performance Specifications Store-and-forward Network latency: than store-and-forward to memory: KB memory (MAC) Mean (MTBF): hours years) 100240VAC/5060 input Physical Specifications (H D): Specifications to C to F) to C to F) humidity: humidity, humidity: humidity, CE B-2 Technical Specifications March
FCC Class VCCI Class C-Tick Immunity EN (CISPR Class CE Technical Specifications B-3 March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch B-4 Technical Specifications March
Table C-1. 10BASE-T The IEEE or twisted-pair 100BASE-FX The IEEE Ethernet fiber-optic 100BASE-TX The IEEE Ethernet twisted- 1000BASE-SX The IEEE Ethernet fiber-optic 1000BASE-T The IEEE Ethernet twisted-pair that allows twisted-pair to their and flow connected to that the to the that allows twisted-pair to (MDI-X) or (MDI) and the right It straight-through or Backbone The of as The information capacity, measured that include Ethernet, and (I Gbps) The of that the of or second. known as Class of Service to treating of with of service priority. Higher treatment of switch Collision to Ethernet Collisions of Ethernet operation, prolonged increase the of with increase traffic. or that connected to C-1 March C
GS108T Switch Table C-1. Ethernet LAN and Corporation. Ethernet of Ethernet Ethernet that to Ethernet Ethernet that to isolation and about (such as those associated with switch that or or exceeding threshold. The of its The of characteristics, such as or to whether to and unauthorized to or Flow Congestion caused to already overloaded switch. Flow and temporarily from the of that allows to and the and, the throughput of that allows to transmitted and received, the with IEEE of and This American founded and and IETF Force. TCP/IP the this the of the SNMP IP IP that the through IP of the TCP/IP of that the routing of to IP attached to TCP/IP. The written as four with (full-stops), and of section, optional section and section. LAN of (such as and and switches) that cover relatively geographic than or C-2 March
C-1. that when connected than path, thereby causing to repeatedly around the and reach their MAC Access specified the IEEE which to MAC Access or physical that to LAN MAC assigned to them, as they to other The to the through to characteristics and troubleshooting. The that to with another or the The to to high- of Quality of Service to throughput, and other factors that the service to section of LAN that connected to the of the using switch, or repeater. SNMP Network IETF TCP/IP Switch that to LAN that of LAN Switches to that they of type; however they than and sophisticated. TCP/IP This the of the well-known the of Originally UNIX TCP/IP platforms, and the of the TCP to the of the through that the information arrives when reaches its IP relates to the of the to which as as the of the Traffic higher of service other, traffic. VLAN LAN. that allows to as they physically connected to LAN, of the physical of the C-3 March GS108T Switch
GS108T Switch C-4 March