without to or entity. Please to: the right to or its products, software, or and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or warranty or expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILTY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT clearly the of the and include of purchase. PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE Authorization Warranty or only. this one-year warranty Customer Service to physical and workmanship from the of purchase. If the HNC290G Wireless-G Network free from TM that every Specifications to without and the property of their respective to This Class this interference, which the user CE Warning operation. interference, and This interference received, including interference that This with of the FCC Operation to the following This authority to the You that or the interface to with the or technician the outlet from that to which the connected. Increase the the and receiver. or the off and the to to the interference or of the following installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the interference to there that interference and and, and with the instructions, These to reasonable protection interference This This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC FCC of transformation or without the written of the as the United States Copyright of this publication or or to (such as translation, of their 95/98/ME and NT/2000/XP of Microsoft other and Copyright HAWKING LIMITED WARRANTY
About Recording Recording Introduction the About Advanced NTP Motion Detection Wireless Network the Software Procedures and Focusing Introduction
B: XP A: How to the Technical Specifications Network and
features, and as as and Please to this as the offers broad of and to office, and other locations. and software playback, recording, and The and HNC290G the included with the security and other features, as as the high-quality to second. of the with The HNC290G both the wireless and the Ethernet from anywhere the as as from anywhere the web-based access. operation, the HNC290G directly to the and its IP thereby allowing to the (LAN) and from the the which attached PC that and of from both within Wireless-G Network high performance TM purchasing the HNC290G. The
please Please to that the and that items If One Hosted One Stand/Mounting One Wireless One DC One One CD with Easy-Installation and HNC290G Wireless Network TM One the and items. The consists of: Unpack and Inspect
CPU: III or or or The PC or PC users to the HNC290G VGA Card or Memory 128MB (256MB recommended) OS 98SE, ME, NT, XP,
transmitted or the wired the to wired the LED The LED when LAN The LED when or received the wireless the to wireless LAN or wireless station, the LED WLAN the the or becomes sharp/clear. The head and its allow to the and of the To the LED: LAN LED: The LED when the and ready access. LED: WLAN LED: the the LED There four that and and Focusing
(warning: the factory than seconds and the to the factory If or the re-boot and the than seconds or or something and the If with the to to its This with connected to the Connector The where the network The back of the includes three and LAN The LAN where the network LAN
NOT from other It recommended that the that shipped with the Please chapter included. Unpack of the from the and that the items the to that the LED or flashing.) to that the (To please that the LED located to the of the (front supply. Then, the Please to the input the and the wirelessly. completing the and using wired and to Please Ethernet to the the other of the to the the (RJ-45 the of the (included with the HNC290G) the the the of the Screw the Procedure
clicking Click Utility. the Utility, the the to the The following the the Utility. The items the right Please the would to or automatically, the manually from the the CD. should and the following appear. If the the CD that included the CD-ROM The procedures 98SE/Me/2000/Server The following XP. The Please follow the below to the which through the and
to the If to the software location, otherwise, Next to The the process. Click Next to with the
The the automatically. Click to the
and to proceed. that found the the of the Select the would to the completed, the the Utility. On the first the Click to the software installation.
this the option. To the follow the to the Please Please the of and OK to to the IP
immediately. Select OK to the This that to the and the How to the IP Manually.) Click to apply the with those of to the section the titled and PC. (If would to learn about to that network IP provided. If the manually, please that the the both the the You the or manually the the within the the IP of and free IP IP with or to The and functions through the (using the TCP/IP Therefore, the to the the the The
from this The the automatically. You the through the
please to the the sections that follow. Once the search To HEMT and found the right or of the or the the of the the of four the of its This only the that included with this with that the network the that located the CD.) Please remember that users through the of the that From the users of the selected information. It which easily The allows users to search and the located within the or the Click and then Utility to the to the Click the IP There to the utility:
This the This the its The displays the and each within the Discover Click this to the search and exactly the HNC290G the the only and This HNC230G and HNC210. the This shows LAN
Click to the IP the such as IP firmware Click to the selected and DDNS and Wireless to expand), Network Information to and IP Address, information. The information includes: Information This of the displays of the selected the This the disconnected or of the that the Click and appear to the IP This that the connected. This displays the and its Click to the from the Information of
the then the the field. If already the The as follows: the to the and If the and correct, the
LAN. The DNS the as the the DNS The DNS to IP the as the the LAN. to the The Gateway The Gateway the router LAN) to The field match the LAN. within this might from to of IP LAN. If the IP of LAN IP IP that with and the IP location, the that easy to such as Network The HNC290G. It recommended that Network Network
IP factory assign the the DHCP function this IP this, the when initially the the assigns IP or manually the Network of the UI, once finished the the LAN IP of the as the DHCP Function (which change, when the off and To this, If DHCP router, the LAN IP of PLEASE NOTE to the through the the to type the If the from to the This The the from the the correct. the The If to The to or the streaming Network
the wired Ethernet the wireless LAN correct. If the wireless the first please the and the to the You this and the the wireless LAN when the Ethernet other immediately Ethernet and using the the wireless LAN. (Please If the directly to wireless LAN correct. the wireless LAN the If to the wireless LAN, please using wired Ethernet first and Wireless
to Profile the selected to the Profile and PC. Click the to to the selected wireless Refresh Click the Refresh to information of the to the selected the or the item and and the to to of the the the item from these including the SSID and If It displays the information Network This shows wireless within the function disabled. Wireless or the wireless function. Network Wireless
Router. this option the to the Wireless LAN without Access or Ad-Hoc: Select this to to another wireless Access or Router. LAN Access or Router. the Network This the of Wireless the as the of the connecting to. the The should This Select the of listed. of them to the to the the and of the SSID to the If to of the You specify SSID the and then only the with the of WLANs. to wireless LAN (WLAN). The ID the SSID The SSID to ASCII characters) the the profiled Profile Allows to that activated, the initially connected to the Click to to the selected then to the selected or the and The to to of the the the including Profile SSID, If frequently. The displays the and their Profile The Profile allows to the to Click these buttons to the selected the Profile Profile
BSSID to the MAC of the wireless SSID, BSSID, Encryption and Strength. the Network The information includes: Network Network Information This shows information the selected (Hex) or (ASCII). 13-character ASCII and 26-character A-F, a-f and or (Hex) or (ASCII). 5-character ASCII and 10-character (using A-F, a-f and or WEP to the wireless WEP This the option users. ASCII: characters or this WEP this A-F, a-f and Format You only the following characters to the security, the throughput lower. higher of You the or option to this field. If wireless WPA type WPA to routers or about the type of wireless Select the type of that wireless network If and WPA-PSK. Allows to Shared the text following below. Select of the as the Network Information WPA Pre-Shared Encryption Authentication the Profile
Accounts, then and then finally Servers. this Microsoft clicking the the top of Once the SMTP authentication account (or user and You PLEASE NOTE: authentication, please account SMTP If of whether or SMTP (Please that this information to the Then type the Username and If SMTP authentication, please the the SMTP from which to the where would to the and the the Account This the Snapshot function. You the of the this field. SMTP Authentication SMTP
the to motion continuously. seconds Please that this would motion The field this field, the the of seconds, field to instance of motion. The this field, the user the of snapshots the motion function. Motion Detection Motion Click to as as the with which to detected. Please the instructions below. previous this The user the of to each from the Section or specified the Address field, as Utility, as shown the below. Once the to the the Network section of the UI, or the Motion Detection section of the The HNC290G built-in motion with to this to Detection Detected Motion Detection Motion Detection
following the field: the as the below the would the the the following the field: If the shown below, the IP Therefore, to the the IP the Address of browser, and the to the the UI, or the section of the Utility, as shown the below. If the the field the Network section of the to: Hosted account (included with the purchase of this to this or when establishing This when trying to from the HNC290G from of the The the Refresh to the The allows the to isolate the its Please that this
scroll-down Select the from the scroll-down and then the the NTP this function, the clock with of the the NTP scroll-down The the NTP (Network function clicking the activating NTP
CIF QCIF VGA Select the that
the DDNS service. of the instructions) to Please the UI of this or the the DDNS service. of the instructions) to Account Please the UI of this or the the DDNS service. of the instructions) to Please the UI of this or the The DDNS service the HNC290G the DDNS service. of the instructions) to Please the UI of this or the DDNS service to Similarly, users type: Rather than this its IP the of that to IP rather than IP The instance, this allowing users to to their the from his/her LAN). DDNS to his/her IP to to the IP to know whenever the established. This that the What DDNS? IP where the IP allocated DDNS directly to the through the Network Neighborhood, within XP, the such as XP. The the function the Advanced Advanced
Confirm New Retype the to the New the to the the
that when, fact, to the noticeable or to the this to off the LED lights. This The of the as follows: If to the to its this interface. of the Please the firmware the user the to the this IP Address: the of the firmware. LED Light to
the of the Utility. About About
The as follows. the to the and If the and correct, to the
to the with the to the immediately or This the The to the Gateway. Gateway The search the Gateway and the the to the The search the and and and assign the IP the search IP the IP IP The IP the the that easy to The HNC230G. It recommended that Click to the Click to the You another Gateway to the You another to the You another IP to the
the and with four such as received, recorded users to manually or and playback recorded items of the selected The allows users to and from to four It allows Click from and follow the instructions the Click to the to the There three to the Utility: Introduction Click the IP
This that the connected and The shown of four to the of each connected please right the and and If to the to the from the please right the to the selected that to and If If of these four buttons, the This that the recording. This that the currently connected. This that to to.
immediately. button, recording Record clicking the Section learn to the directory these of the and as the (You the Snapshot Clicking the increase the playback when the recorded of the allows the to the of playback The the to the the with to the while The the Stop clicking the the from the playback Stop the connected, clicking the interface. the Stop The the the the to the playback clicking the disconnected, clicking the interface. the The the the Record Snapshot Record Snapshot Stop
that the recording the of recording. the Please to Section to to recording The of the recorded You assign and the the that the to the to the that would to from. You to recording, to the Section to recording, Stop. to to and The then to the If Click Record, and the Record to appear. Assign the and that You manually the assigned Recording. This allows to AVI There to Recording, and Recording Recording Recording
the with the button. If the of of the other that the the to the first clicking its of each connected clicking the The (VGA), and (CIF). You the the to (CIF) the to (VGA) CIF VGA
allow to to four Clicking the
to select. the the LAN Discover Click and the appear. The The the the user The the the seconds. user to the of this recording. The recording. The motion, Motion Record this to recording. Whenever the Select MJPEG (This only Motion JPEG). the It users to the It that to to button. Stop the clicking the to such as the IP Address, the option, first The of the service the IP IP of the The then appear. Click the
The and should or the recording the of the The to the when this and connecting to the to the The recorded AVI You the recording This the the assigned Recording
the existing the and to the existing the and to It this recording every the the specified of that would to the The You assign of the and the those of the the the specified of only. The One-Time You assign of and the and the to recorded streams. the the recorded and the already reached the Recording Select this item to recording. Recording New Click New to recording One-Time
of This displays the of the from the to the Rate This displays the (KB second) of the from the to the Rate This displays the second) of the the This displays the KB) of This displays the of the the and the Stream Started At This displays the which the and displays when the connected to the Connected It displays when the connected to the You the information of the the and the
bound this GB This assign each The recorded Used This displays the amount of that currently to and the approaches its Recording You amount of to recorded assigned to recorded This displays the free the that The where the software Record Directory This assign the directory where the recorded where the software when the Snapshot to The Directory This assign the directory where You this
Click the and appear. Select the that to the of the Utility. The the selected About About
the speed. If the to to and the the If the to the when the the from the and the the to to the playback. If Stop the playback. If the to from the to the recorded to the from the the and the the playback the the from the the and the Stop the playback the Stop
screenshot of counterclockwise With this function, and The allows to the counterclockwise each the
as follows: the connected, the directly the The options the the IP of the to establish The IP You the to to the and the and to four user-name and created the to to wireless Wireless the functions from the Network and the from the the appears, the and The
Apply Click Apply to the and account the this The immediately the to the E- If to of the Only, Only, and and and The the of the The OSD On-Screen This to the and CIF The CIF VGA Select the Please that light. Select the or to the the to the Click and the the of the the to the This allows to the or Click and the to mount the Click Apply to the This useful Snapshot OSD Format
Apply. Apply the section, Confirm the confirmation. New the would to the Network
Accounts, then and then finally Servers. this Microsoft clicking the the top of Once the SMTP authentication account (or and You PLEASE NOTE: Apply. the Account section, Apply where to the and the the Account This the Snapshot function. You authentication, please account SMTP If of whether or SMTP (Please that this information to the Then type the Username and If SMTP authentication, please the the SMTP from which to the where to the and the the Account This the Snapshot function. You the of the this field. SMTP Authentication SMTP Account
the Motion Detection section, Apply. the to motion continuously. seconds. Please that this would motion The this field, the the of seconds, field would to instance of motion. The this field, the user the of the motion function. Motion Detection Motion Click to as as the with which to detected. Please the instructions below. this The user the of to each or specified the field, as the Account section from the Utility, as shown the below. Once the to the the Network section of the UI, or the Motion Detection section of the The HNC290G built-in motion with to this to Detection Next Detection Motion Detection Apply
IP factory the the DHCP function this IP this, the when initially the the assigns IP or manually the Network of the UI, once finished the the LAN IP of the as the DHCP Function (which when the off and To this, If DHCP router, the LAN IP of PLEASE NOTE Apply the IP Address section, Apply. to to the through the type the If the from to the to This The from the the correct. the The If to the The to or the streaming the DNS as the LAN. DNS DNS to IP the LAN. the The Gateway the as the Gateway The Gateway to to The match the LAN. the IP from within this LAN. If the IP of LAN and IP IP within the IP IP
Apply the DDNS section, Apply. completed, and other information DDNS This DDNS service expired, DDNS TZO or account information the of service (account There to service. If to DDNS service, TZO fee, the DDNS TZO free DDNS account from the and to and other information. DDNS account. This to DDNS Please the to with myhawking.com, myhawkingcam.com, and hawkingcam.com, from the of The or phrase that easy to The of choosing. It recommended that choose of the shown the as The first homecamera.hawkingcam.com this field. of If the TZO The DDNS service the HNC290G or the DDNS function. service to assign DDNS type: its IP the users that to IP Rather than this instance, of rather than IP The this allowing users to to their the from his/her LAN). DDNS to every to to the periodically. to his/her IP established. This that the IP allocated whenever the What DDNS? IP where the IP DDNS Apply the section, Apply. the that easy to The HNC290G. It that This displays the of the DDNS
field: the below the would the following the the field: If the as Therefore, to the the would the following and the the shown below, the IP the IP the Address of shown the below. If to the the section of the UI, or the section of the Utility, as the the field the Network (included with the purchase of this to this to: or when establishing Hosted account the HNC290G from Refresh to the This when trying to from this of the The the browsers The allows the user to isolate the its Please that Apply the DHCP section, Apply. DHCP within the the IP from or the DHCP function. this function the NTP section, Apply. scroll-down and then the the NTP the NTP Select the from the activating this function, the clock with of the The the NTP (Network function clicking the Apply the section, Apply. or the function. the section, Apply. DHCP NTP
the firmware. that the the Select the and to Clicking the and Apply buttons to the LED lights, LED Light ON and then Apply. clicking LED Light OFF and then clicking Apply. To turn the from noticed, off the LED lights LED Light OFF/ON There four to the of If to To the and then Apply. IP Address: HNC290G factory as follows. follow the instructions the to the process. The To the to its factory Apply. Then,
the the and of them to to the the with the SSID to the If to You SSID the wireless and then only WLANs. WLAN. The ID the of SSID The SSID to ASCII characters) the or Router. This the Wireless LAN without through Access Ad-Hoc: Select this to to another wireless the Access or Router. LAN (WLAN) or Router. This the of Wireless function Wireless or the wireless function. the
to the Apply the Encryption section, this or or 13-character ASCII (including and as the 26-character the A-F, a-f and or or 5-character ASCII (including and as the 10-character the A-F, a-f and the following the below: or WEP WEP64 The WEP to transmitted the wireless This users. ASCII: characters or ASCII or WEP128) HEX WEP64 HEX: the characters A-F, a-f and You type this field. Shared field appear below the Encryption If wireless WPA WPA WPA Encryption this option, of WEP128 appear below the WEP128: the function. If option, of WEP64 appear below the Encryption WEP64: the function. If this Encryption the function the wireless the of the Click the Survey to search the wireless LAN the as the to. the the The should This Select the of Select of the as the Encryption Encryption
to the right of the Wireless heading. Once finished the the Wireless section, to the Apply wireless Refresh Click the Refresh to information of the Network SSID, BSSID, Encryption and that the of the The information includes The displays the information of the wireless To the this Click to to the selected
to the the account. user to the to the to four of and the These users, allowed to the The allows users to four accounts who to from and Apply Click Apply to the account. Confirm the to the
the following (Select the Advanced option and then Microsoft VM.) To the free software, please to If the from the Applet the The Applet might This XP Service and A1: Q8: There through the You the manually rotating the Section and Focusing). A1: Q7: The wireless The UTP Twisted-pair wired Ethernet or Ethernet A: Q4: What cabling the HNC290G? to or with the function from the A: Q3: Can or from the and to and software. The HNC290G JPEG to high JPEG A: Q2: What algorithm to the or or (within the only). remotely, and from the the directly to PC. This that high CPU and thereby allowing the to directly to the The user to or from PC or that with built- that directly to Ethernet or A: Q1: What Internet/Network the connected to LAN with IP A: Q6: Can the connected to the consists of IP the or wireless A: Q5: Can the HNC290G as the
Supply: 12VDC, 0.5A LED LED LED LAN LED WLAN LED Connector: One RP-SMA to to LAN Connector: One RJ-45 to to Ethernet Supports 98SE/ME/NT/2000/XP/2003 Supports DDNS and Snapshots Supports four accounts Manual/Schedule Recording, Playback/Stop/Forward/Pause to Includes easy-to-use Color: Motion-JPEG F=1.8 Length: White 300,000K CMOS EMI Specifications FCC, CE
IP routers with existing Please that the the IP the heading IP the Network section. The the Network section) to the IP On the IP or browser. You back to the or the (LAN). If already the then already obtained IP the IP to the and to to within the You the field to recommended that each the its IP browser, and Network If The outlined below router: that the IP
that to to to and the router) access. each the of the This users routers to Network section of the the and allow please or with ISP to confirm. the IP section within the the instances when router, router router, to the as the the without to Please that when the the Please that the to other than the and and when than You to these the Network section of the reasons: You to each to to them the
to the the Apply correct, the that the Network sections of the to router: the and the instructions to the the Please that include instructions to this. The of this section include To the the to router The routers each The below might the and to the If to to the The the You the each from to as below: that network that to and they the following IP and to router IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP IP
DNS service. the from within the You the of IP IP the Therefore, to the and other IP The the (With the option, only the routers or (and authorized know the routers IP to the Therefore, when the routers IP to the routers the With the option, routers IP periodically. to the with IP (using DHCP) router, this recommended that, location, of this IP reference. It allow to the the If to from location, ISP to IP the to the router, the IP recommended required) that IP to router. You to when to the To remotely the from its IP You this IP IP and the routers the (or On this should to the routers IP This IP IP the and You to to the routers its of Routers WAN IP
each to such as the field, Therefore, the which to each (as this to Please that to and match this the as Please that the The field, then to or to earlier this If to the the field, to to the rather than of them. Next, option This that Select TCP the field. this option Once located the (or section, the routers: router. The outlined below should to or sub-section. To the Typically, there Advanced (or section the routers where to Assign
and as then type: (Although, the routers IP would type: If using other than the the using the IP the from within the From within the would the IP to type the following the assigned to the to the the of router IP of location the type the routers IP and the assigned as as from within. To the from the Once the correctly and authorized the from the the from the Network
the Properties, the Advanced option and Right the and to Start\Settings\Network below to the to the function firewall. Please follow the If the Network XP SP2 or the following when right-click the and to the through the Network XP, and the directly or the function the such as XP. The XP SP2
The Firewall appear. Select the option
the from the and Services and