(EN) ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (B) BBC OWNERS HANDBOOK CODES 493F 563F
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Precautions Preparation Assembling the First Assembly The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Clutch Non-Grassed Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the ance with and to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please www.hayter.co.uk of or this of or injury. constructed and ance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this references to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES type type Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE Cutting height Lead. Cleaner. and Dipstick. Start-Grip. BBC Stop Clutch Throttle Stop. Assembly. Rear Deflector. Height Battery Guard. Item should only operated whilst the or the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the the of the while people, or that the user or occurring to other people or their property. HAY-G00388-A Stop and the to the of Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the to the the from the of and creating of the and securely. or fixing inspect the to that it immediately with HAY-G00390-A the using the of thrown the where the Then the to and or or light. using the where feasible. of footing excessively of than and the of and when when or the towards or with This which when and reassembled. should authorised from the of or mechanism.
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the with guards, or with and/or the or the the with from the and the clutch the the when the the when front of the or or rotating or the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the clearing or the charge Height of cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and necessary repairs and If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the the throttle to the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. Inspect the and or the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool STOP Throttle To reduce the fire the and the surrounding of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE FIRST USE the from the and that the following items correctly. If items of C. Warranty Card. To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the from the to and the to the operating both to to that the become the Assembly first the and the the that the the as shown. (A), (B), (C) and (D) to the the rear the and the to the To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase C that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the FULL ADD
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. IMPORTANT: To to the the should operated whilst the Starting the the together and the throttle to the With right the and release, then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The this To the when the the throttle the back the the and To the (BBC) first the and clicks Release the and to its Emergency Stop. If the the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. operating the to and back to the with the to If the released the To the the throttle to the tion. Release the ground clutch and the with both to the Turning To the with the the required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and release the throttle shutdown Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the
OPERATING THE MOWER To the than Height To the height of the and to from the locking notch, then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notches. height of to operating to and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the and the and the to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height Clutch the clutch to the when obstruction or encountered. the obstruction or the the when or encountered. the and the ALWAYS to Non Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE MOWER MAINTENANCE Follow the hourly or whichever first. service prolonged or when airborne or operation the first hours the the clutch the from around the the top of the housing and from the and of the of and of Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from fill/Dipstick Lead their outer the clutch the Every Season the Hours Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. Service the the and that the to- Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE ity to-Before Starting the Service To service the cleaner, screw and cover and clean If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and
MOWER MAINTENANCE Service only to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surrounding the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cooling and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised Service from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately.
MOWER MAINTENANCE Clutch At the that the Stop the the backwards the progressively the clutch the lock, this the clutch should from the If the the clutch and than the with the To the this temporary and the service should to the the clutch attached to the clutch correctly. This should the the with the wound the the to the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the of the the head screws and BBC and plate BBC To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT Clutch Clutch Tighten the when the that the the to the specified of the years of excessively or To to when turning the its Assembly the head screws BBC and Plate BBC Tighten to of
MOWER MAINTENANCE slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and and spect the of both with to formance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. To the the sufficiently to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the Disconnect the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top around and and that the clean. the and with the with protective sheet and
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with selective or combined the should It should to the this month as the combined action of Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the previous If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION released Incorrect Obstruction Battery fitted) or then Incorrect/contaminated released Battery fitted) becoming Incorrect/contaminated rough Mounting of ground of Charge Service Clean height of and with Clean and the or Charge Clean and or Service and with Tighten Tighten of the Insect as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the restricted Increase height Clean the height too through the restricted Increase height Inspect and as Clutch of clutch Clean the Empty clutch
WARRANTY NOTES LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone
NOTES NOTES
NOTES NOTES
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. of Bishops CM23 4BU, DEALER STAMP ear months hat this service as Authorised Service ear months hat this service Authorised Service ear months Please this records. ear months Please this records.