(English FROM SERIAL NO: 005C001001 HANDBOOK: (REV ISSUE CODE 005C OWNER'S HANDBOOK
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Decal of Decal Lead Throttle Height of Specifications 005C XTS 12F802-1325-01 Unleaded Capacity SAE Capacity Cutting Height
1ST Year months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) that this service Authorised Service Please this records. Please this records. 1ST months) months)
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Growth Non-Grassed Throttle Service Service Service Clean Housing and Assembly Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Notes Customer Info CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the Compliance with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other regulations to this of or constructed and performance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear wheels, brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to statutory rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow or people with these instructions to the while people, or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: highly specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that with the where and while the Then the to and hand or injury. or light. using the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the Stop the the other than the the securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or near or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the lead: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the Stop of Throttle STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the Decal of thrown from the CS198
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER CS152 the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the from the to and the to the operating the assembled to the of the and to to that the become the the the and the from the there the to to threaded the Release the the as shown. Finally the to the
BEFORE STARTING THE MOWER To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified service SE, SF, SG SAE additives with recommended SAE 10W-30 used, this higher operating with high tion. It that the this of to serious To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting CS177 CS181 and that the freely. that the freely to when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
and the with both to the forwards. and the with both to the To the with the the tion required. To tight apply the to the front wheels ground and the To the front of the when turn. the rear of the when the Release the and ground clutch and the throttle to the If the to the throttle to the tion and the lead. To the than OPERATING THE MOWER Turning STOP CS146
OPERATING THE MOWER Height of CS287 CS284 the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these and that around them.
of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height C type cranked to this They to the shoulder of the when encountering and they correctly. the areas, the and the to the height of to the OPERATING Growth Operation Non-Grassed THE MOWER CS287 CS284 CS126 STOP CS146
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when necessary and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the previous If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height CALENDAR LAWN CARE October November 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season To the the to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or operation the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. the of and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged whilst the
To the and the to procedures the Lead Throttle the screw and the to the as as screw the the the shown. the to the right the screw the throttle to the fast the and re-tighten the outer screw. the Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE 3D319R08
MAINTENANCE MOWER Service Service the the and that the to-Before the and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and securely the screw to the base.
only to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and MOWER MAINTENANCE Service
MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing 1CG480V36B from the top and of the housing immediately To and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. Apply grease to the every operating hours the of and from their outer IMPORTANT: ALWAYS the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer
WARNING PREVENT ACCIDENTS: the the The ALWAYS wear to tect when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and the mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that the the and fric- tion the to of and which to DO NOT the years or or the the empty. the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the of the the and to the four WARNING- PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS four to the balanced, NEVER individually. ALWAYS and washers when Assembly the such that they below and from the the and to of MOWER MAINTENANCE CS288 Item QTY Washer CS121
MAINTENANCE MOWER To the the to allow to to the to that the become the and the to aged through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the Disconnect the lead. the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and guard. Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released the then height of rough becoming TROUBLE SHOOTING Incorrect Obstruction obstruction Service Clean Incorrect/contaminated and with throttle to released Clean and or Clean and or Service Incorrect/contaminated and with
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height of crankshaft of Inspect and as Inspect and or as
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 005C Category: Rotary of rotation: of of of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the regulations Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Authorised Declaration and Technical HAYTER LIMITED, S.A. Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with CODE 005C
PARTS LIST NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Washer Screw Decal 305145W Throttle Screw M5 M8 005121W Footguard 005139W M8 Washer M8 M8 Washer M6 M6 O/D Washer Bearing Bearing Block Rear Assembly Bearing Inc item UNF Connecting W/A L/H of Inc items W/A R/H M8
NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Black Washer S/C Screw UNF UNF Decal Decal of Decal Decal Screw UNF 005140V C of Washer UNF Plate LIST PARTS
PARTS LIST 1C005A02B
Notes:- NOTES
NOTES Notes:-
Notes:- NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 12F802-1325-01 XTS of