OWNER'S HANDBOOK (English FROM SERIAL NO: 398C001001, 399C001001 HANDBOOK: (REV ISSUE CODE 398C 399C
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Cowl Height of Start-Grip. only) Ground Clutch only) Throttle Assembly. Specifications 398C 399C XTS XTS type 12F802 12F802 type Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE Cutting Cutting height Rear Deflector. Height Height Fixing Screw. and HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON 4P399C01A
1ST Year months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service 1ST months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Throttle Service Cleaner Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Notes Customer Info CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other to this of or injury. constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of gearbox (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear sweeper/brushes, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow children or people with these instructions to the while people, or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and hand or daylight or light. using the where feasible. of footing the of and when excessively of than when or the towards the the other than the the guards securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the rear while the the or cooling when the the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner the with the within where reach or
Allow the to To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of the the Height of Throttle STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the of thrown from the CS198
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER CS089 of CS275 HAYTER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. Tighten both to to that the become the or the the of the Unscrew the sufficiently to allow to the and re-tighten the and the fixing screws the of the the the through the and the to the
BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the MOWER THE STARTING FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast the and the together with the with hand. With right hand the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
MOWER THE OPERATING Only) the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the Only) selecting of the four ONLY the when the to to the To turn the with the the tion required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch reduce the throttle and release the Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the throttle to the tion and the Turning STOP CS146
OPERATING THE MOWER of CS284 To the than the and to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notch height of to operating to overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the rear and the through the and the rear to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting it that the to and overloading.
MOWER THE OPERATING Without Collection the and the with the the closed of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when or tion encountered. the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the Growth Friction Non-Grassed CS086 STOP CS146
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as Treat with or combined feed the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season To the the attempting to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or operation the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of and and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the clutch the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged whilst the
To the and the to the Lead Throttle the outer screw and the to the as as screw the the the shown. the to the right touches the screw the throttle to the fast the and the outer screw. the Should only authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
MOWER MAINTENANCE Service CS085 Service the the and that the to-Before the checking and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and securely tighten the screw to the base.
to as shown the the every hours or season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service ER RIGGS STRATTON
MOWER MAINTENANCE Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately To and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. Only. the clutch every operating hours and necessary. The clutch correctly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as Tighten the when correctly
If the the the to too or to the the the If there the the the locking and the screwing the the the the locking X. the than necessary, should the without Too the to or to other of the with the screwed the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer MOWER MAINTENANCE
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT towards the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every of or To to when turning the its the with the turned facing the the the washer and and to of
slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG480V25B
MOWER MAINTENANCE To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released then height of rough. becoming lead. TROUBLE SHOOTING Incorrect Obstruction obstruction Service or Clean Incorrect and with disconnected. lead. released. Clean and or Clean and or Incorrect and with
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively. Mounting Tighten ground of to Height of too Increase height of Clutch of clutch only). through the Clean the of worn. the of Inspect and as necessary. height too Increase height. through the Clean the Inspect and or as necessary. Empty
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the lawnmowers: CODE 398C CODE 399C Rotary Rotary of rotation: of of of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN2921, EN836 and ENISO14982. Declaration and Technical HAYTER LIMITED, S.A. Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION The the with 398C CODE 399C
PARTS LIST ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. 398C 399C ITEM NOTE 397039V 399020V Height Cover Black Black XTS Decal Washer Screw Screw Assembly Assembly RH 397004W LH 307003W M8 Washer Throttle OPC Throttle OPC Screw Washer Screw PT 340183W 399026W W/A 397005W W/A 399005W Black Black RH LH Battery QTY.
DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 398C 399C ITEM NO. Rear Coach Plate Screw Cover Plate Screw M8 Seal Screw Friction W/A 397042W Washer Screw Height Rear Bearing Assembly item Washer Black Black Black Washer Washer Gear LIST PARTS QTY.
PARTS LIST ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 398C 399C Washer Clutch Tension Bracket Assy 399025W Bracket Clutch Clutch Bearing Screw Screw Tension Tension Arm Decal Decal Decal Height of QTY.
PARTS LIST 4P398C02B HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
4P398C02B LIST PARTS HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
NOTES Notes:-
Notes:- NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION 127F802-1382-01 398C) XTS 127F802-1382-01 399C) XTS of