(EN) ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (B) OWNERS HANDBOOK CODES 560G, 561G
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Preparation Assembling the Assembly The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Service Service Service Housing and Clutch Assembly Battery Charging Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. Read and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the ance with and to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please of or this of or constructed and ance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES type type Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE Cutting Cutting height Lead. Cleaner. and Start-Grip. only). Stop Ground Clutch Assembly. Rear Deflector. Height Battery only). Guard. Item should operated whilst the or the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. Training the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the the age of the while or that the or occurring to other people or their property. HAY-G00388-A Stop and the to the of Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: highly specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the to the the from the of and creating of the and securely. or fixing inspect the to that immediately with HAY-G00390-A the the of thrown the where the Then the to and or injury. only or light. the where feasible. of footing excessively of than and the of and when when or the or with This which when and reassembled. should authorised from the of or
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the stopped, releasing the the or crossing other than the with guards, or with and/or the or the the with from the and the rear clutch the the when the the when front of the or or rotating the or the while the the or cooling when the only) STOP Stop Height of Stop the and the lead: clearing or the charge cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs and If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. Inspect the and or the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the rear and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE FIRST USE the from the and that the following items correctly. If items of C Charger Warranty Card To off the attached to the and Only) to first please charge the hours. to Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. only) Tighten both to to that the become the Assembly first the and the the that the the as shown. (A), (B), (C) and (D) to the the the and the to the To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the removing. With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the C The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the FULL ADD
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. IMPORTANT: To to the the should operated whilst the Starting the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the To the when the only) the and the together with the Turn the clockwise and to crank the the release the the than seconds the If the manually with- using the switch. To age the when the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. Ground operating the to and back to the with the to If the released the Release the ground clutch and the with both to the Turning To the with the the To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the excessively when turn. the of the when the
OPERATING THE MOWER Release the ground clutch and release the Emergency If the to the lead. To the than Height To the height of the and to it from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notches. height of to operating to and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the and the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height
OPERATING THE MOWER MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE Friction The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when or encountered. Disconnect the and the ALWAYS to Non Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or First the first hours the the clutch Check the from around the the top of the housing and from the and of the of and of Hours Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their the clutch the Hours Every Season the Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the fill/Dipstick Lead
MOWER MAINTENANCE Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. Service the the and that the to- Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE ity to-Before Starting the Mower) Service To service the cleaner, screw and cover and If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and curely the screw to the base. Service to as shown the the hours or season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surrounding the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The internal cooling and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised Service from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the treated and from
MOWER MAINTENANCE that and tight. or items immediately. Clutch At the that the Stop the the backwards the progressively the clutch the lock, this the clutch should from the If the the clutch and than the with the To the this temporary and the service should to the the clutch attached to the clutch correctly. This should the the with the wound the the to the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the of the the of the with and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS Clutch Clutch Tighten the when the The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the years or or To to when turning the its
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly the with the turned facing the the the washer and slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the hours or the from the and clean and spect the of both with to formance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. To the the sufficiently to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to it through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the Disconnect the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top around and and that the clean. the and with Cover the with protective sheet and
MOWER MAINTENANCE Battery Charging only) PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity supply the from the battery. ALWAYS the with the Battery charging should necessary The the battery. If the recharging the to To recharge the battery: the from the and then the to the the charger to the electricity supply and switch to the fourteen hour the from the and then the to the IMPORTANT PREVENT DAMAGE: NEVER the to the as this the charger to permanently Chargers this warranty. CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. The and charger This that the and they to authorised They of with EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies these products as or These products should of as It should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of the from the the that high of
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with selective or combined the should It should necessary to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when necessary and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the previous If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION released Incorrect Obstruction Battery fitted) or then Incorrect/contaminated released Battery fitted) becoming Incorrect/contaminated rough Mounting of ground of obstruction Charge Service Clean height of and with Clean and the or Charge Clean and or Service and with Tighten Tighten of the Insect as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the restricted Increase height Empty Clean the height too through the restricted Increase height Inspect and as Clutch of clutch Clean the Empty to
WARRANTY NOTES LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear sweeper/brushes, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to statutory rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone
NOTES NOTES
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. of Limited, Bishops CM23 4BU, DEALER STAMP ear months hat this service as Authorised Service ear months hat this service Authorised Service ear months Please this records. ear months Please this records.