FCC Warning This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from the that the connected to. or Shielded interface to comply with or to the which the the authority to the CE Warning This with the relating to EN ITE, the protection of Council Directive 89/336/EEC the of the of the States relating to LIMITED WARRANTY that every HGMS224 10/100M Switch from physical and workmanship from the of purchase. If the this two-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization The warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILITY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION.
warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without obligation to or entity. Please
Introduction Initial Out-of-band through Ethernet Statistics IP Address/Subnet Switch Info Advanced Information Information State Activity IGMP Static MAC MAC VLAN Port-based VLAN 802.1Q VLAN Tree
Out-of-band Switch Static VLAN VLAN VLAN Sorted MAC Broadcast Bridge Bound Security Collisions Retry Administration Information IP Mirroring Priority Static Priority Priority SNMP/Trap Security TFTP TFTP TFTP
MAC Static MAC MAC Related Spanning-Tree STP STP SNMP Community Trap GVRP IGMP LACP State Activity LACP and Counters Counters Information Switch TFTP TFTP Application VLAN Application Used with Switch Application Used with Switch
HGMS224 Switch high performance, SNMP switch that users with Ethernet and The switch features SNMP and such as The or the 1000BASE-SX, 1000BASE-LX or 1000BASE-T allowing to increase to as as flexibility. RS-232 easy installation and of and performance. The HGMS224 and switched RJ-45 and both both and The function the of or with other The switch to The allows to easily learn, and the switch. It only SNMP function, RMON to the switch easily and efficiently. this tool, switches switch. The HGMS224 both port-based and To increase the switch with to These the function to back when or malfunction. Complete front and LED simplify installation, inspection, and within mount of over-heating
The HGMS224 consists of: One HGMS224 Switch mount mounting and screws with One AC One RS-232 One One CD to that the and that items If please Please this thoroughly, and follow the and the following
Please follow the below when choosing location to the switch: The least heavy the switch. inspect the and AC that there heat from and around the switch. or Shelf Installation: the switch or shelf, recommended that to the the four that included with the these cushioning to each of the four corners the of the Allow the and the around Installation: The switch mounted standard-sized, 19-inch that with other To the mounting to the of the switch and them with the screws Then, the screws with the to mount the switch the The switch features built-in AC supply and operates within the following 90-260V AC, The AC located the of the The switchs to the and turned without or LAN connected. the switch turned the LED should as follows: LED The of the The LED while the switch its onboard software and seconds, the LED light to that the switch ready The 100M and Link/Activity LED or the of and activity of each
If the properly, the If or both of the or the red. LED LED The N/A Performing FAN1 cooling N/A Cooling FAN2 Right cooling N/A 100M N/A (Optional Ethernet Top LED N/A (with LED off) Ethernet LED N/A (with Top LED off) TX/RX activity or LED N/A Top N/A Ethernet N/A
There to the the Switch: Out-of-Band to the switchs with the included RS-232 and the PC to the switch and or The sections below the instructions to both operations. Out-of-band If using Microsoft the to Accessories, and the HyperTerminal. that follow the instructions below to the switch. If other software, please the COM and the to below. the SNMP Switch), the and OK. Select the COM that using this and OK. the COM the information below and OK. Rate Parity Stop Flow the included from the COM to the switchs the switch and the HyperTerminal. The switchs On (POSD) about seconds. that, the If the switch already and finished its the and then to to the the field, type and the field, type and You to the switchs the of the of the and these to through the
through Ethernet to the switch in-band browser. than the the network-ready PC to the switch, the to the switchs the switchs IP and the switch clicking the the the switch the that to the switch and the TCP/IP (with IP bound to the that, IP to the as the switchs IP or the Switch with the out-of-band the previous section and the Switchs IP to the as IP the Switchs IP information: IP Address: Gateway:
the Switchs IP the Out-of-Band the username: the to (highlight) Switch Static and the to Administration and the to IP and the to and the to highlight IP the IP and The highlighted. the and the and Press and the Ctrl and then A to to the Action the to and The to the Turn off the switch, seconds, and then the switchs back the switch finishes the and the switchs IP the field. Then or and the switchs to and to that the and the the Network IP You the IP the section this that the IP to the following: IP Address: You to the Gateway this If necessary, the the finishes the and the Address field, Then or and the switchs to and to that the and the
to operation, the switch through the or the browser-less this the to the IP as browser. the them and Ethernet from PC to the switch. Then, to the switch, follow the the command IP the Switch The following below appears. the and to proceed. Please to chapter of this to instructions operation this
From this the of every the switch. If within the switch the top of the the the of the the function to and the switch. The functions below and their the sections immediately following the Statistics TFTP
This of the of every the switch. The the and the or treated as off Down that the that the the to the PORT6.) the auto/force/n-way force. or as to the or half-duplex Flow whether flow Half: whether back half-duplex
Rate (100K): the the effective the effective Security: the security or (located beneath the Flow category) the of the the Counter and as You directly the of the front located the top of the this, the of each below).
Statistics This of the of the Press the to clear counters this
of the or clicking the of the Once clicked that includes the following IP Switch Info VLAN Tree SNMP Security You the IP and then clicking Apply to the You the switch the IP to activated. (Please that of the this field, the switch.)
Switch information the section read-only. Therefore, to its what type of MAC Address: The assigned the the of the switch. the of the switch. the EEPROM (Electrically Read-Only Memory)
Info information the Info section only. Therefore, to its Its to the information. Advanced MAC Table Entry: the of seconds that inactive MAC the switch's The seconds. The seconds. bound You the of the the switch. If and the the that they The and The second. NOTE: that bound this function only operable when bound
Broadcast To and the threshold The threshold the of the traffic. the threshold becomes active. The threshold and Priority Service First Serve: The of the which they received. High The high WRR: (Weighted Round Select the to the switch's high- These options the of high-priority low-priority High/2 that the switch high low-priority
Bound: the of the switch. The If the the switch than the The High Priority Priority from to high or Collisions Retry half-duplex, the which the half-duplex, You or the
Information The UART interface to with the You the HyperTerminal to establish to the switch. To seconds: Parity: Stop Flow
or operation this You or the each Negotiation: You the to (specify the speed/duplex and or Force each You the or You the or the You each to or half-duplex Flow You or the flow function Half: You or the backpressure function half-duplex
Rate and each that You its effective and The or to the to the specified Priority: This field You the of to High or Security: security locked without of the learning. the with SMAC already existing the normally. You the from learning MAC then the MAC to of MAC that the the and then the Apply Ingress: the effective The The 100K. the effective The The 100K.
The (LACP) allows to to This other the LACP operation Please to the IEEE Priority: to the active LACP. The switch with the lowest the highest and selected as the active LACP. information to allow their instances to reach the identity of the to which the the to that Group, and its and reception functions
ID: You to Choose the ID" and LACP: If the LACP group. If the group. LACP If to that LACP, the LACP created automatically. Work Allows of four to each group. If the LACP the and to If the the of the as the Select the the group. the of If LACP LACP Active/Passive each This the State Activity section. Click Apply. Information LACP the information this section. The shown below displayed when there active
The shown below displays the The shown below Actor and
State Activity Active (select) The LACP N/A selected) The LACP and LACP from the that active LACP or active LACP that N/A LACP LACP both LACP from the If the active LACP actor, the active created when
IGMP The switch IP multicasting. You the IGMP the IGMP section. IGMP information displayed this You and this section. IP from to
The (IGMP) internal within the (IP) The IP switches, routers, and that IGMP. IGMP allows the to IGMP and and IP through the switch. IGMP three of shown below: from the (IGMP router or switch) from each to the group. to the to that the to or already of the to the to that the of group.
Static MAC MAC the switch's of whether or the physically connected to the switch. This the switch from to MAC when the or powered-off active the Click the Static MAC the MAC the MAC to and from which the should permanently traffic, of the activity. the
If (IEEE 802.1Q) the switch, associated with the VID VLAN ID) to with the MAC Click the MAC MAC allows the switch to traffic. based the the MAC the MAC that to If (802.1Q) VLAN the switch, type the VID the VLAN ID to with the MAC Click the Choose MAC that to and then the
VLAN LAN (VLAN) grouping that the It allows to isolate network of the VLAN from the VLAN Basically, creating VLAN from switch logically to reconnecting of to another switch. the physically the switch. The switch port-based, 802.1Q and VLAN through the VLAN
Port-based VLAN of the VLAN group. that treated as to another VLAN. If the port-based VLAN the
VLAN (IEEE 802.1Q VLAN) VLAN IEEE 802.1Q Therefore, to VLAN from switch IEEE 802.1Q VLAN to the Ethernet VLAN (VID) that the VLAN numbers. Protocol-based VLAN to to of with VLAN or attached to that of classifying and the with VLAN IDs based only PVID other information about the such as the The switch protocol-based VLAN of both, built-in knowledge of selected such as IPX and EtherTalk, and of
Port-Based VLAN Click to VLAN group. the VLAN and ID, and the the VLAN. Click Apply If there than the Next to other VLAN NOTE: If the already them TRK1, TRK2) the of the section titled, the that follow), and them as the of VLAN.
(IEEE 802.1Q) VLAN This VLAN, and or GVRP There VLAN to 802.1Q VLAN, the the switch to VLAN, VID The VLAN cant GVRP (GARP Attribute VLAN GVRP allows VLAN the switch and If the switch connected to with GVRP GVRP the VID of VLAN the switch. The switch the to the existing VLAN.
VLAN and to Click the and then click to reach the shown below. the VLAN. VID The Choose the type. From the the that displays the the would to If the them TRK1, TRK2) and them as the of VLAN.
Click Next Then the as follows: this to the outgoing as necessary. Then Apply outgoing that outgoing that
VID VID From the (IEEE 802.1Q) VLAN the VID VID (PVID) the VLAN ID that assigned to This that to the VLAN that Each allows to PVID; the and the PVID The PVID the as the VLAN ID of the that to the VLAN group, or the
allows that to VLAN to the to that VLAN. The switch They as follows: with matching this VID. Ingress Tree The (STP) (IEEE 802.1D) switched STP that active the You the the Switch the Advanced section. Select Spanning-Tree that STP switches to active the You tree information about the Bridge. shown below.
You the tree of the switch. shown below.
You the the STP Then Apply Priority You the which to the The with the lowest the highest and selected as the and You the age which the of without and You the which the of seconds the of and You the which the of seconds from its learning and to the forwarding and
The following each Click Apply the Priority You increase the to become the The and the The lowest the highest priority. Path The switched through or of Press to the \Both. The to traffic. You the to LAN or This the of the that the switch to which the The with the lowest the The and the the IEEE 802.1D specifications:
The to to You the switch. choose which that they to If to the function, the
SNMP/Trap platform that the Network (SNMP) the switch, the Information (MIB) correctly the station. SNMP that the of information and You location, and the switch. the options and then Apply to the this to the switch. Location: the location of the switch. Contact: the of or organization. Community as and as of the following: RO: Read-only this to information. RW: Read-write this to information and to MIB
Trap Managers: that which the the switch. If issued. the IP of the and community Security On this the and as follows: the the Retype the Click Apply
of the physical characteristics of IEEE LAN to of authenticating and attached to LAN that characteristics, and of to that which the authentication and authorization To to Switch Advanced You the of the to the section to the authentication information. IP Address: The IP of the authentication The UDP the authentication to authenticate. Accounting The UDP the authentication to accounting information. Shared this switch and the authentication NAS, to this switch.
this and the authorization You from of four authorization each Forces to unauthorized. Forces to authorized. The of the of the authentication. The selected
this the the Used to of which to seconds). Used to when EAPOL PDU to seconds). Timeout: Used to timeout the the and authentication seconds). Timeout: Used to timeout the the authenticator and authentication seconds). Re-Auth Used to the of re-authentication that becomes unauthorized Re-Auth Used to of seconds authentication of the seconds).
This switch to of LAN switches through switch. It the function. This function allows the switch switch) to fetch the from the switches to the user The MIS information about to of other switches switch, and easily switch to the of the Ethernet switch without the IP of the host. the switch that the MIS switches of and the switch other switch from other brand. displayed clicking the item the
There the The top with the background, the switch IP and The other lighter background, with switches clicking Switches the there information about the switch: and their IPs. If the Cluster-supported switch, appear the The switch highlighted the You switch to another clicking and the to its this or There the section, indicating the Hosts supported. the IP and of the switch to If the switch Cluster-supported, the Support. The clicking the to the the the items to to refresh the pply the confirmed, Apply to The pdated. The information the switch. ote: Cluster-supported that, the switch, the aster switch the authentication and the item the hosts
TFTP The following options to allow to the and switch fi the TFTP (such as or TFTP) and then Copy the TFTP directory. the tool, TFTP Download the the clicking Apply completed, to the switch.
TFTP this to the FTP You the EEPROM from the back the FTP the switch back the TFTP this to the TFTP IP You the EEPROM from and then to the TFTP to the EEPROM
this the switch to its The shown this the switch software
1K to the the The only the to to the firmware. which to the 1K to the firmware: You "1K within seconds of the turned The "1K the firmware while booting. Press the Disconnect when 1K to the to and then OK
Press the and CCCCdisplayed the Then to Select 1K the and the directory the Then
downloading the downloading the and the switch the firmware automatically. If the firmwareok appears, the switch Please the to
Out-of-band The switch interface to and the switch. You follow the outlined the Info section of the interface using the HyperTerminal to the switch. You type and to The and the
The items, as shown below: Switch Static Allows to the switch. Related to the function. and Counters: the of the switch. Switch: Allows to the or switch to its TFTP Firmware: TFTP to the firmware. the The as follows this of operation: to the Backspace to the Selects the the items.
Switch Static the or Backspace to choose and then to the his section. The action shown below, Allows to the and of the items. Once completed the Ctrl to to the action of the <Next Allows to to the Previous to to the previous to
From this the of every to items. You the input (100K The of You the input (100K The of
Enabled: You or the that the that the You the to Force or Force each You the of to or You the of or the You of the or half-duplex Flow You the flow function Half: You the flow function half-duplex OTE: ressing only If the them TRK1, TRK2) and of the items as
of You group. allow to o four from to the Press the to the of group. You to the TRK1 and TRK7 to Static or LACP. Static the of LACP this of the (LACP). Press Ctrl to back to the action to If the items of TRK1-TRK7 to then the the
the treated as when the VLAN and they or off NOTE: VLAN of the of the VLAN roup. If
VLAN The below allows to the VLAN to port-based VLAN, 802.1Q VLAN, or
NOTE the VLAN to the switch. the VLAN to 802.1Q VLAN, as as and this section. If PVID VID: the PVID. as the interface. forwards with VID that matches VID. Press to choose to or whose VID match the VID. as the interface. Press to choose to or the
VLAN Port-Based VLAN port-based VLAN and to Select VLAN the VLAN. ID: the VLAN ID. The ID Press to choose the VLAN There options: the the NOT Press Ctrl back to the action Select to NOT E: If the the of and them as the of VLAN. already them TRK1, TRK2)
802.1Q VLAN 802.1Q VLAN and to VLAN the VLAN. VID The You to VLAN ID: VLAN VLAN: Press to choose types. Press to choose VLAN There three the of this VL the of this NO: The NOT of this VLAN group. Press Ctrl to back to the action Select to UnT AN and outgoing NO VLAN and outgoing
NOTE: If the already them TRK1, TRK2) the and them as the of VLAN. o VLAN or VLAN group. Press <E Choose the or and then You or VLAN that to the VLAN items the or and from the VLAN the VLAN, to
NOTE Pressing once when The VLAN and VLAN ID The VLAN Sorted this the VLAN by: VID
The VLAN the Shown below the
Shown below the VID.
MAC the of seconds that inactive MAC the switchs seconds. The seconds.
Broadcast This allow to Press to the Press to choose the threshold threshold and NO. The Bridge bound: the of the the switch. If the that the Press to the The and The Bound: the of the the switch. If the that the Press to or this function. The Disabled. Allows to the that the switch. The The
NOTE: bound Bound because Bound when bound Security security locked without of the learning. Normally the incoming with SMAC existing the the from learning MAC then the MAC to of MAC that the You
Press to choose whether to or the Press Ctrl to back to the action Select to You <Next to the <Previous to to the Retry Retry half-duplex, the C the half-duplex, the
Administration
From this the username. the username, and this user
Information From this the information. IP From this the IP
Mirroring Traffic through through ort. That or of the of switche Press to the of each Select Press to the to: \Both. This that the to of Press to Ports: The to to the You to to the switch. You choose which to Press to choose V the the Press Ctrl back to the action Select to On the action <Next to and <Previous to to the OTE: You
Priority Static Priority based the the to high, incoming from high
Priority assigned high/low from Select Press to the to high or High/Low Service Ratio H/L: You the ratio of high and Press Ctrl to back to the action Select to
MAC Static MAC MAC the switch's of hether the physically connected to the switch. This the switch from to MAC when the or powered-off active the this MAC
MAC Press the to MAC MAC the MAC to and from which the should permanently traffic, of the activity. Press to the VLAN ID: If (802.1Q) the switch, associated with the VID to with the MAC o back to the action Press Ctrl to to Then
Static MAC Press the Choose the MAC that to and then to back to the action and then to Press the to the items. Press Ctrl
Static MAC Press to Choose the MAC that to and then once MAC
MAC MAC based the s. allows the switch to this MAC MAC Press to MAC MAC Address: the MAC to VLAN ID: If (802.1Q) the switch, type the VID to with the MAC Press Ctrl to back to the action and then to
MAC Press the Choose the MAC that to and then
Press to the items. Press Ctrl to back to the action and then to MAC Press to MAC Choose the MAC that to and then Pressing once the
Related Spanning-Tree The Spanning-Tree (STP) (IEEE 802.1D) switched STP that active the
STP This allows to or the Tree function. Press to Enabled or Disabled.
STP You the tree information about the Bridge the On the right, the STP OTE: please Section
the tree each whether the or Select PathCost: the of the that the switch to which the forwarding Priority: This the of or to become the Press Ctrl +A to back to the action Select to On the action <Next to <Previous to to the NOTE: please Section
SNMP the Network (SNMP) sed to the switch. this to stations as and to SNMP community You location, and the witch.
Press to the switch. Contact: the of or organization. Location: the location of the switch. Press Ctrl to back to the action Press to the
Community this age to SNMP community Community The of Access: Indicates the rights read-only or read-write. Restricted: Read-only this to information. Unrestricted: Read-write this to MIB- information and to MIB
Community Press Community the community Access: Press to Community Press choose the item that to and then Community the Access: Press to the rights to Restricted or Unrestricted. right restricted or unrestricted.
Community Press the community that to pressing once C and then
ted the switch. the IP of the and Trap that the If issued. SNMP Press to the IP: the IP Community the community Press Ctrl +A to to the actions Press to
Press and then choose the item that to IP: the IP Community the Press Ctrl +A to actions to
Press the Choose the that to and then Pressing once
GVRP GVRP VRP allows VLAN the switch and the switch connected to with GVRP this to allow VLAN information to the switch. If GVRP the VID of VLAN the switch, the switch that to the existing VLAN. From this the GVRP (GARP VLAN Select Press to choose Press Ctrl to back to the action Select to GVRP network GA Attribute VLAN
IGMP The (IGMP) internal of the P) (I This the IGMP Select Press to choose Press Ctrl to back to the action Select to
LACP This and the LACP LACP If to that LACP, the LACP created automatically. This the within the group.
Select Group: the ID. LACP: the groups LACP LACP Work The of that the If the LACP the and to If the the of the as the OTE: this first to the State Activity Select Press to choose the Active: The LACP The LACP and only LACP from the Press Ctrl back action Select to NOTE: If to LACP of the of this to "Active".
LACP group, the Static LACP information
this and to previous Previous to previous to <Next to to this and the
Select Press Press Select to choose Ctrl back to the action to
ote: Forces to unauthorized. Forces to authorized. The of the the of the authentication. the function. The Press Used to of which to seconds). Press IP Address: the IP of the authentication Shared shared this switch and the authentication NAS, to this switch. The UDP the authentication to authenticate. Accounting The UDP the authentication to accounting information. Press Ctrl to back to the action Press to
when EAPOL PDU to the and authentication seconds). authenticator and authentication seconds). of seconds seconds). Press Ctrl to back to the action to Used to the of re-authentication that becomes unauthorized Auth Used to uthentication of the and Counters or Backspace to choose and then to the You the Used to Timeout Used to timeout the imeout Used to timeout the the
This displays the of every Indicates whether the or the input the output Indicates whether the or This the displayed as displayed as If the as Indicates the Nway_Force Force. the and lowCtrl: whether the flow or force force the displayed or the E
the and then to the previous Previous the previous <Next the Counters following information of the of the the and to the previous counters to <Previous the <Next the ious
Information MAC Address: The assigned the the switchs firmware SIC the switchs the the assigned the information: the information EEPROM of the type: or information: the information EEPROM of PCBA the type: or
Switch the switch to its please Section the switch software
TFTP his with the option to the firmware, the EEPROM or EEPROM
TFTP This allows to TFTP to the firmware. the TFTP and the to the TFTP Press this TFTP the IP of the TFTP Remote the Press Ctrl to to the action Press and the to successfully, the finished downloading as the switch. From this the EEPROM the from and the TFTP
the TFTP TFTP to ownloading as this TFTP the IP of Remote the Press Ctrl to action Press and the successfully, the finished the switch.
this the EEPROM to the Then to the to the EEPROM the TFTP Press this TFTP the IP of the TFTP the Press Ctrl to back to the action Press and the to successfully, the finished downloading as the switch.
VLAN Application Used with Switch formation and the complexity and heavy rocessing of IP based routers. protecting storming reating based Ethernet each of stations connected to olated The should to and ther services, such as access, that the stations connected to the o LAN, or VLAN, as It as of possibly physical which ith each other.
of Grouping performance effective broadcast which of connected Preserving investment and cabling. easy, and to when from the physical topology of the cabling. security completely isolating from each other the Network easily the users to characteristic, such as business nction or switch ithin On the following which R&D, and VLAN directly, they the such as MRP the Administration group,
Application Used with Switch allows to increase the switches grouping to to switches higher service You to the throughput this itch with function. of the of or the originally through that to other of the This the redundancy and greatly increases the of