PART NO: CODE SERIAL NO. 131E ISSUE HERITAGE TRACTOR CODE 131E INSTRUCTION BOOK
MAX 90N MAX 150N
warrants to the purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the and (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised to Engine/Battery Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty, the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops CM23 4BU. Year Service Record LIMITED WARRANTY Service Record GB
CONTENTS LIMITED WARRANTY INTERNATIONAL PICTORIALS OWNERS INFORMATION SAFE OPERATION PRACTICES ASSEMBLY OPERATION MAINTENANCE TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART INTERNATIONAL PICTORIALS IMPORTANT: The following cated or with the the learn and the each NOTE: and Warning WARNING IMPORTANT: This WARNING: Thrown Instructions This WARNING: Not This On Greater DANGER: People, From Unit. Assembled USA Swisher Corporation 131E DANGER: DANGER: From Declared airborne sound of with Directive 2000/14/EC. DANGER: Disconnect Servicing Unit. WARNING: WARNING: Loading WARNING: Crushed IMPORTANT: Follow Instructions To The WARNING: Clear Declared with Directive 98/37/EC. to BS EN Seat Right with operating when the operated stationary Declared airborne with Directive 2000/14/EC, VI. Sound ear to the specifications of EN ISO to BS EN Lights Stop Clutch Rotation GB
OWNERS INFORMATION If the and the operates, the performance. this the to the Learn the location and the function of the To follow the operating instructions and the this reference. WARNING: this to This indicates: Attention! At Responsibility The WARNING: This of and and throwing to the following instructions serious or death to the or The responsibility of the to follow the instructions below. SAFE OPERATION PRACTICES Rotary the instructions with the and the of the allow or people with these instructions to the the of the while people, or that the or or to other people or their property. should and and instruction. instruction should the and when with of the of the The reasons of wheel too fast; the type of its of awareness of the of ground incorrect hitching and tribution. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of ignition and securely. inspect to that the and sembly or or and to On as other to the where or light. to the clutches and of than there such thing as To or when or clutch slowly, when should and tight and hollows and other the of the the this when or heavy hitch to those sharply. when counterweight(s) or wheel when the struction Watch when crossing or Stop the rotating crossing other than attachments, of allow the while operation. the with or shields, or without the or the crease the of the the take--off and the attachments; and the the and the to attachments, the and the wire(s) or the cleaning or cleaning or the Inspect the and restarting and operating the the to immediately). to when or Stop the and to the catcher; height from the the throttle and, the with shut--off the off the of and when and when approaching corners, or other that and On as other to to or the mechanical used. and screws tight to the the with the building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and of or grease. the catcher wear or or If the to this should GB
ASSEMBLY the or the assembled. WARNING: sembly or to the the from the NOTE: this instruction and right the location of with the the seat. NOTE: and NOTE: To the following the shown To The NOTE: of about to the front of the tractor. If of found, another to the tractor. the the front of the tractor. of the tractor. the to the of the tractor. the front the each front wheel with washer washer and the of the to the front the the front the from the the tractor off of the If tractor the the washers the The NOTE: The inflated The shown the of the the the with too the to rough. Also, the the housing from The shown the of the The The Housing the of correct. the that If the housing the structions To The Housing the section of this instruction How To The Seat the from the seat the the seat to the the seat the seat to the seat with the and the operating of the seat If the seat to the wing the seat or the seat Tighten the wing To The the front the cover the the of the cover top. NOTE: of the wheel that the front and straight. of the the the the wheel to the with screw and washer optional the the to the of the wheel To The the top the the the top and the top. the to the INSIDE of the mounting with and the head of the and the the assembly the the top. the the through the and the the the to the assembly To Mount The To the assembly, the Mount the top of the assembly the mounting the top of the the of the slightly from the Then, the the the the rear locking the plate the of the assembly Battery IMPORTANT: the battery to the battery, the The the charged. the top and the of the the location of the If the service the the without charging the How To The Battery If the service the the To Charge The ance Battery. To Charge The WARNING: charge the battery, the tery from The from the the and the protective from the charger to charge the Charge of hour. If authorized service the battery. the and the the How To The Battery WARNING: To the to the the the protective from the the cover the the to the with the and the to the with the and To The NOTE: The shipped from the tory with the of the as NOTE: The operation of amount of This caused or or around the This and only expected operation. alsoincluded withthe this the instructions the type of and to the the information operation, and WARNING: Follow the instructions the type of and to when to the with the the cool You the the with the of the the of the hous- the the attached to the GB
OPERATION NOTE: and Location Rotation the to and the of the Clutch The The first function clutch. The function Headlight Switch The headlight switch the first of the switch. To the lights with the the to the the lights. Switch the switch to and the the to the of the the to the height of the to the when the Throttle the throttle to increase or the of the How To The Throttle the throttle to increase or the of the CAUTION: the with the throttle the FAST If the than the FAST the and overheat and The FAST with and when the throttle to the FAST charging of the and cooler ate the the FAST and to the throttle to the SLOW The the factory performance. the to increase the of the To The Rotation the rotation to the the the the DISEN- GAGE the to the ENGAGE to the NOTE: If the when the the seat switch or the switch activated. the to the DISENGAGE to the the the the or road, the to the DISENGAGE WARNING: and from the and the housing when the To The To the or the of the follow the below. CAUTION: the completely the clutch/brake to the If the the Completely the clutch/brake to the foot the the throttle to the SLOW To the to To backward, the to release the clutch/brake foot the the throttle to the FAST To The Completely the clutch/brake the foot from the clutch/brake and then release the the the To release the completely the clutch/brake The release. WARNING: the the to the (N) the the to the DISENGAGE Stop the and the To The Cutting To the height, or the as follows. the to the housing and back to the housing. or road, the to the highest and the rotation to the DIS- ENGAGE To Stop The Unit Completely the clutch/brake to the foot the the rotation to the DISENGAGE the to the NEUTRAL the WARNING: the the the throttle to the SLOW To the the to the OFF the off located the If the shut--off To The Unit To the follow the below. the to the DIS- ENGAGE the to the highest the throttle to SLOW and FAST. To the to speed. To With The Housing IMPORTANT: with the housing, with the throttle the FAST the the to height of high or thick the the highest first and then the housing to the throttle to the SLOW tion. the to the ENGAGE the clutch/brake completely the to of the NOTE: heavy or with the the release the clutch/brake the throttle to the FAST tion. If to or the and the to another the of correct. the that If the housing the instructions To The Housing the ance section. WARNING: of the To On WARNING: or that too to back straight the or hill, the to the or hill. If the clutch/ and the GB
To the the the throttle to the SLOW release the If or hill, enough the to when release the and the clutch. when hill. or hill, the throttle to the SLOW to To The WARNING: or that too to back straight the To with the follow the below. the the throttle to FAST the to FIRST To the the If the height of the than inches the with the housing the highest Then, the housing and the You to of the of the housing. To Clear The Connector The If the or the becomes with clear as follows. the to the DIS- ENGAGE the to the (N) tion. the Stop the the to and from the or the If the To The Connector Tube the section. To Empty The the rotation to the DIS- ENGAGE the to the (N) tion. the the rear of the Starting The the NOTE: The shipped from the tory with the of the as the instructions the type of and to the NOTE: the of the while the the Follow the the instructions. If necessary, the reaches the FULL the The of from ADD to FULL shown the too WARNING: when to the when the and the cool the to the FULL with the fresh and clean. Leaded increase and the of the off located the If the shut--off to the OPEN To The WARNING: The that includes switch the seat. These the the the seat. This the when the the seat. protection, this operates correctly. NOTE: The the clutch/brake or the and the to the DISENGAGE the clutch/brake completely foot the the to the (N) tion. the rotation the DISENGAGE the throttle completely to the CHOKE or FAST the to the CHOKE Turn the to the START NOTE: If the four or the throttle to the FAST to the If the the TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART. the throttle to the SLOW To the throttle to FAST and SLOW. to the of the housing. To The Housing the ance section. the housing to the the amount of The shown the of the Every the the If the or immediately the Also, the the tight. the sharpened. Worn the of the to turn If the high, to crease the the First with the housing the highest and then the housing the the with the throttle FAST and the first or performance and with the of the each clean the and top of the housing performance. Also, housing fire. MAINTENANCE NOTE: and The owners responsibility to this This the of the and to coverage. the the and the once the tight. Follow the section to the operating WARNING: spection, or to the the to the the from the to the from NOTE: measured (foot pounds). This tight or The measured with wrench. To The Connector performance, the and free from and and clean the as follows. GB
To the to the DIS- ENGAGE the to the (N) tion. the Stop the the to the tion. and Disconnect the from the the the the the through plate Clean the with and To and the of the through plate the of the the and the to the the the Inspect WARNING: inspect or the the to the If the hits the the The the or cloth to If the and inspect the the and to the cracks, or other the that the the tight. If the hits the Disconnect the to the the or the the with the authorized service Every three years, authorized service inspect the or the with To The the housing. the tions To The Hous- of to the from the that the To the from the and the and the to the instructions Inspect the or with author- service Clean the top and of the hous- Clean the the and the and with and Tighten the that the to of foot pounds). Mount the and the Mount the that the If the the correctly and the with the washers and the of the washer the WARNING: the tight that the or Tighten the that the to of foot pounds) the housing. To The Housing. To The Rotation the the performance or the of the following the throttle the FAST the to the DISENGAGE Stop the the from the the the that the of the to become brown. the from the the to the This increase the the the to the and the of If necessary, the to the the of If the of the To The If the the the to author- service the rotation to the DIS- ENGAGE Stop the WARNING: To injury, the correctly. the of the the with hand. the tightly the WARNING: If the tightly the the to authorized service the to the ENGAGE the the If the or the assembly. Correct and from authorized service the to the and the of the the rotation to the DISENGAGE within seconds. If there of the or the to and the tion to from If the to author- service If the the to the top To The If the NEUTRAL the match the gearbox, the as follows. Stop the Disconnect the from the shifter the the NEUTRAL the the To the with the the shifter the the to the shifter the NEUTRAL the matches the gearbox. To The Clutch If the motion the clutch when: hill, heavy or the the clutch as follows. WARNING: spection, or to the the to the the from the to the from the routing of the motion the correctly and the the washer and from the GB
Disconnect the from the assembly and the the the with the the the with or the clutch tight. Turn the the through the the the to the and with the washer and the or If the the clutch then the motion or and replaced. To The Motion To The Completely the clutch/brake the the to the (N) the If the or the the as follows. The location of the the right of the gearbox the and the (N). Turn the clockwise the rear when the Release the and the If the the counter--clockwise the the the If the turn, the correctly Release the WARNING: If correctly the the Correct and from authorized service To The Battery To charge or the the from the as follows. WARNING: To the from the the WARNING: The which to the and clothing. If the the or clothing, with the from the Disconnect the from the the and the of the To Charge The Battery WARNING: charge the battery, the from The from the the the To charge the tery Charge of hour. the WARNING: To the to the the the to the with the as shown. the to the with the as shown. To The Housing and If the housing the and the WARNING: spection, or to the the to the the to the from the the the If the incorrect, the housing The shown the of the the to the lowest WARNING: The loaded. the the lowest the and right each of the housing. both of the housing Also, the and easily or the and the Tighten the and right the tight. If necessary, wrench to the Tighten to of the If the height of the Where To with grease with grease Apply grease with to the shown. the shown with NOTE: Apply grease to the sembly. CAUTION: If the operated that graphite to the The the the with too the to rough. Also, the the housing from The shown the of the To The Motion the housing. the tions How To The Hous- Completely the and the the To the the and To The Battery. the the the motion from the the from the shifter the motion the shifter To the motion from the the front of the the and then back the and the the the screws that the assembly the wheel and assembly the motion the assembly the motion or from Authorized Service 12.To the motion the the routing of the motion the motion correctly the the assembly the motion To The the housing. the tions To The Hous- the from the and the the and the sembly from the and the or from Authorized Service To the the GB
the the instructions to The Rotation To The Housing the rotation to the DISENGAGE the to the lowest WARNING: The loaded. the locked the lowest the and the washers from the C and D. the and washers from the A and B. the from the E. Disconnect the front from the F. the from the G. the from the the off the the housing from the right of the 10.To the housing, the To The If the the the and with At the of each the as follows. the from the and the the the instructions. Clean the Charge the battery. To Charge The Battery. To The shown the back of this Instruction or authorized or The the of the the type of the C chrome, PA purchased assembly. It that include this when or specifically recommended this to supply the of from authorised If to or service the outlined then HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU. the following information required: The Quantity GB
TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART PROBLEM: The Follow the To The this Clean the the wire. Tighten the switches. the the Clean the the the the throttle to the SLOW Turn the to the ON to the the the the PROBLEM: The Follow the To The this Charge the battery. the the or the wire. the the PROBLEM: The to the the the PROBLEM: The smooth or of the Clean the Clean the the The too the the PROBLEM: The smooth the the throttle Clean the the PROBLEM: The when the the or the wire. only to with rear PROBLEM: On the and PROBLEM: The the Clean the the the throttle the Clean the the PROBLEM: crease Clean the the the the PROBLEM: the Decrease the the the or pulley. the PROBLEM: The charge correctly. the Clean the housing. the height of or the the to the throttle to the FAST tion. the the Clean the and the only to with charge PROBLEM: The housing the the the of the housing. the front If the front freely the PROBLEM: The the the correctly. the PROBLEM: The when the clutch the motion the correctly. the clutch. the motion PROBLEM: The or when the clutch the clutch. the motion PROBLEM: the clutch/brake released, heard. Temporary the of the If the routing of the the If the the clutch. PROBLEM: The terrain. the front If the front freely the PROBLEM: The to with the and the clutch depressed. the clutch to the when the clutch with the (N) the around the pulley. the the pulley. GB