(English FROM SERIAL NO: 422V001001, 423V001001, 424V001001 HANDBOOK: March JUBILEE CODES 422V 423V 424V OWNERS HANDBOOK
MAIN FEATURES SPECIFICATIONS and Dipstick. Start-Grip. Stop Clutch only). Rear Deflector. Assembly. Decal. of Lead. XM type 127802-2005-E1 (422N/423N) 127802-2004-E1 (424N) type Unleaded capacity type SAE (422N) (423N/424N) height (422N/423N) (424N) (422N) (423N) (424N) 1D42205A Specifications
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Non-Grassed Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Assembly Trouble Shooting CONTENTS Declaration of Conformity Customer Information/Notes
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other regulations to this of or constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the furnish their warranty and services through their authorised to Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and statutory rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised or Freephone Service Record Service Record WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow or people with these instructions to the while or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this and while the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where the Then the to and or injury. or light. using the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the Stop the the other than the the securely and the or the the ground clutch the only) the with from the SAFETY Preparation PRECAUTIONS
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or near or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). the the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the Height of STOP SAFETY Stop and the Decal PRECAUTIONS of thrown from the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Warranty Card. To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the to the operating Tighten both to the to that the become the the the through the and the to the
THE STARTING BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with this To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the MOWER FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting and that the freely. that the and (ground clutch freely to their when released. the allowing seconds each the and the with hand together with the With right hand the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. and the with both to the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the
To the with the the tion To tight (release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and the Emergency If the to the To the than the height of to from the locking then to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the THE OPERATING Height of MOWER Turning CS284 STOP CS146
OPERATING THE MOWER Without Collection Growth To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the through the and the to the rear of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. the and the with the the closed To overloading and to of heavy If required, first the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height
the areas, the and the to the height of to the OPERATING Non-Grassed THE MOWER
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or combined feed the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or To than third of the height CARE LAWN November CALENDAR October
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE First or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged dusty, or when airborne or operation the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of guards and and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their the clutch the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged whilst the
To the the attempting to procedures the Lead cleaner. Should only authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MAINTENANCE MOWER 1CG422V09A
MOWER Service Service MAINTENANCE the the and that the to-Before the checking and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and If dirty, the 2CG422V01A servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the upwards and securely the screw to the base.
to as shown the the every hours or season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the clean with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MAINTENANCE MOWER Service Clean
MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly clean the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. the clutch every hours and necessary. The clutch rectly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as the when correctly
the wheels, and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer casing. the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the the To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the of or To to when turning the its MAINTENANCE MOWER
MAINTENANCE MOWER Assembly Assembly the with the turned facing the the the friction washer and fixing and to of To the fixing the with the turned facing the the the washer and fixing To the fixing slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release.
Continued. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and MAINTENANCE MOWER 1CG480V25B
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY turn Incorrect then height of rough becoming disconnected Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or Clean cold. Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Mounting ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty Airflow through the Clean the restricted Inspect and as Empty SHOOTING
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY I, the M.A. Wright, of: HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the lawnmowers: CODE 422V CODE 423V CODE 424V Category.: Combustion Combustion Combustion Rotary Rotary Rotary 127802-2005-E1 127802-2005-E1 127802-2004-E1 of rotation of of of rotation of the sound NOISE TEST CARRIED OUT AT SUDBURY, SUFFOLK, ENGLAND Directives with: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and 84/538/EEC 87/252/EEC and 88/180EEC Sound of 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC Used: EN292, EN836 and ENISO14982 of that these to the EC Health M.A. Wright (Technical Director) VIBRATION INFORMATION information. RMS measured the CODE 422V CODE 423V CODE 424V
NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE M8 ZNB1H000U Washer Washer M12 L.D. ZWP1L000U Gear. Right. M10 Gear Connecting 423010W Connecting 422040W Screw M6 M6 Bracket Rear W/A. Bracket Tension. UNF Washer Washer MU17X137 Screw Screw UNC Decal Warrant. Decal of Height of LIST PARTS 422V 423V 424V
PARTS LIST NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Height of Height of Throw Plate Throw Plate Cover Battery. Lower. 422001W M8 ZDH1H016U M8 Decal Decal Decal Clutch. 306094W 305091W Assy Rear. Washer M6. M8 Screw Stop. Washer Screw PT Deflector Rear. 422002W Assembly. Includes Items.69 Decal Screw M5 M4 Screw M6 M4 Clutch Bracket Stop. Clutch. 422V 423V 424V
NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE 3/8"UNF Washer Friction. MU17X137 MU42734 Decal Stop. Washer M8 Screw Screw Washer M4 Rear Deflector Deflector Not Illustrated. Rear Deflector Not Illustrated. Not Illustrated. 422V 423V 424V LIST PARTS
422V/423V LOWER MAINFRAME 1D42206B
LOWER 424V MAINFRAME 1D42204D
422V/423V/424V UPPER MAINFRAME 1D42201E
NOTES INFORMATION CUSTOMER Notes: