(English FROM SERIAL NO: 485A001001 HANDBOOK: 485114(REV ISSUE CODE 485A Clutch OWNER'S HANDBOOK
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Lead Cover Rear Deflector Throttle Stop Ground Clutch Clutch Assembly Height Height of Specifications CODE 485A XTL-45 12G882-1513-21 Unleaded Capacity SAE Capacity 802592E of Height of 1C485V02A
1ST months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service Please this records. Please this records. 1ST months) months)
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Decal Assembling the Height Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Throttle Service Cleaner Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting CONTENTS Declaration of Conformity Customer Info/Notes
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as it information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other to this of or injury. constructed and performance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the www.hayter.co.uk or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Training Preparation This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow or people with these instructions to the while or that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: highly specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and or injury. only or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when excessively of than when or the Stop the the other than the the guards securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the lead: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding of or grease. the rear and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of the the Height of Throttle Clutch REV(0) SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the STOP CS198 of thrown from the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER Height the from the and that the following items correctly. If items To off the to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. both to to that the become the Unscrew the of sufficiently to allow to to the or both to the height and the the the through the and the to the
BEFORE STARTING THE MOWER To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified service SE, SF, SG SAE additives with recommended SAE 10W-30 used, this higher operating with high tion. It that the this of to serious To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when it the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast tion the and the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The this Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
To the the the with right and with the clutch to Release the clutch and to its the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the To turn the with the the tion required. To tight turn release the ground clutch apply the to the front wheels ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release both ground clutch and the the throttle to the Emergency If the to the lead. OPERATING THE MOWER Turning STOP CS146
OPERATING THE MOWER Height of CS284 To the than the height of to from the then to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the and the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading.
Without Collection the and the with the rear the closed of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height friction the brake/clutch occurring to the when or encountered. the obstruction or the friction the when or tion encountered. Disconnect the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the OPERATING Growth Friction Non-Grassed THE MOWER CS284
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or patches. increasing the as required. Treat with or combined feed the should It should necessary to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE First or Every Season To the the attempting to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged dusty, or when airborne or operation the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of and and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer casing. the clutch the
or Every Season the or Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged whilst the Cowl Lead Cleaner Throttle screws the and the to the throttle the front of the the screw and the to the as as screw the the the shown. the to the right touches the screw the throttle to the fast the and the screw. the Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE
MOWER Service Service MAINTENANCE the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the warm.(Not the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and of and Allow to thoroughly and If dirty, the servicing, the and the cover. the the of the the the of the the cover upwards and securely the screw to the base.
to as shown the the hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service
MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately To and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. the clutch operating hours and necessary. The clutch correctly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as the when correctly
the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the fixing screws and the To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every years of or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly 1CG480V25B the with the turned facing the the fixing screws and to of To the fixing screws. slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
To the the to allow to to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the lead. the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and MOWER MAINTENANCE
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Incorrect then height of rough becoming Clutch Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or Clean cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively Mounting ground of to too Increase height Clutch of clutch through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE SHOOTING Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase Empty through the Clean the restricted too throttle to Inspect and as Empty too throttle to
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 485A BBC Rotary of rotation: of of rotation of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN2921, EN836 and ENISO14982 Declaration and Technical HAYTER LIMITED, M.A. Wright Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION information. RMS measured the CODE 485A
NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE 480010V Plate Location RH 480083V 480084W 480085W BBC Throttle OPC B/S XTL50 APTO Decal 480186W Washer Decal Stop 319006W Clutch M6 Bracket Clutch Screw Clutch items 486018W Deflector Rear Deflector RH Deflector Screw Hex. Coach HOC Deflector LH Plate Location LH 480082V Plate APTO Bearing APTO Screw Washer Screw HOC HOC Moulding PARTS LIST
PARTS LIST NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Throwplate Screw Bearing Housing Rear W/A 480151W Tension Rear Washer Screw Shroud Teeth Rear W/A 480159W inc. item Washer Chain Connecting Plate Throwplate 480017W APTO Washer Washer Bracket Assy APTO Torsion Washer M4 Screw M10 Clutch BBC Cover Throwplate Plate Assy 319008W UNF
NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE W/A Moulding Bearing Decal M8 BBC Assy Screw Screw Compensating BBC Screw ZIS8L030S Screw Torsion HOC Bracket HOC 480157W PARTS LIST
PARTS LIST Includes Items 1C485V01B
CUSTOMER INFORMATION /NOTES 12G882-1513-21 (485A) XTL-45 of Notes:-