Switch Ethernet Switch SAE8 10496-MT-0102 The Switch Ethernet switch. The Switch switch, enough to instead of Devices connected to the Switch with each other throughput than connected to the of Each of the the Switch or operation, allowing to the that to Each connected to workstation, another switch, or to connected to Ethernet The Switch of to MAC You the of It should the following items: Switch This NOTE: If of these items or Operation Ethernet including Network Interface Cards and switches, of operation. If should and Switch to which operation. and only of half-duplex operation. Ethernet Switch RJ-45 PORTS PIRANHA MDI-X
of the Switch half-duplex operation. If operation, to section C. You should Switch the NOTE: to which Connecting half-duplex to (or and performance. to attached operation, the that with the One or More Switch to operation, the following that the Switch connected to its If screwdriver, the screws the top of the and the screws the back of the the screws back and the cover of the Switch. the of (DIP) switches the board: to operation, the of its associated DIP switch from OFF to ON: to the following when DIP switches: the cover and screws the Switch the supply:Connect the of the to the AC/ P1 P8 P7 P6 P5 P4 P3 P2 DIP Switch OFF Half-Duplex ON DIP Switch P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8
DC and the AC/DC round the DC input of the Switch. C Connecting to the Switch The Switch switch that learn MAC and accordingly. The Switch to MAC Supported You to of the Switch or Unshielded Twisted-Pair (UTP) The RJ-45 Ethernet to to of the Switch. Whether to Cross-over or Straight- through the of the of the Switch MDI-X RJ-45 which of to the Switch, to "straight-through" or wire. to the following to which to to to the Switch: the Lights The of each the Switch indicated light: To (NIC or straight-through NIC) SwitchNIC) cross-over Workstation (Network Interface Card) straight-through (MDI straight-through (MDI-X) cross-over Switch (another Switch, or cross-over other Ethernet switch with MDI-X Light Indicates Bright Indicates Traffic the
Ethernet Switch PIRANHA Straight-through Cross-over (NIC) Stright-through PC Workstation PC Workstation Troubleshooting This section typical or and those ROBLEM Throughput and the Switch and/or Workstation to the Switch) and/or OLUTION One or of the Switch incorrectly or operation. to the instructions contained section to whether should or to match the of the to which they connected. ROBLEM and the Switch. OLUTION the light the Switch MDI-X Ethernet Switch Half-Duplex, Stright-through PIRANHA Half-Duplex, Stright-through (MDI MDI-X Another Switch (MDI-X
If the light or brightly the and/or of the connected to the If the light the physical to the OLUTION The cross-over or straight-through to to the Switch. to the instructions section C to which of to to type of Technical Please and the If to with or of the Switch technical World Updated troubleshooting information through to within business Telephone Technical telephone through from 9:00AM to 5:00PM Eastern Specifications switched switching or (1MB) high performance Supports MAC and Store-and-forward architecture LED link/transmission/reception each with IEEE
Physical 0C 50C -25C 65C AC input VAC, phase input MAX VDC with UL/CUL, TUV, FCC Class A, CE Warranty: years FCC Warning: or to this the the the authority to this This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Industry This the Class from the Interference Regulations of Industry Height
Networks and of other the property of their respective owners. the right to without