(English FROM SERIAL NO: 308A001001, 312A001001 HANDBOOK: (REV ISSUE CODES 308A 312A OWNER'S HANDBOOK
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Ground Clutch Only). Assembly. Rear Deflector. Decal. and Dipstick. Height of Lead. Start-Grip. Stop Cleaner. of Indicator. Specifications 308A 312A type 10D902-0155-B1 10D982-0164-B1 type Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE height 1D30800B
1ST months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) that this service Authorised Service Please this records. Please this records. 1ST months) months)
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Customer Info/Notes CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the procedures. The this and other to this of or constructed and performance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their own warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the year service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to statutory rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Training Preparation This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious using the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the while or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where only and while the Then the to and or daylight or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the Stop the the other than the the securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation Operation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). the the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the Height of STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the Decal of thrown from the Height of
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. both to to that the become the the rear the through the and the to the
BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the MOWER THE STARTING CS130
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting CS117 and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. the the to the to the assembling the the first the to the to of the usually when the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the age when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the To the when the
Only) the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the To the with the the tion required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and the Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the throttle to the tion and the MOWER THE OPERATING Turning STOP
OPERATING THE MOWER of To the than the the and or the the to the height of Release the to the the There height of The indicated the of the relative to the height of height of to operating to and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the and the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading.
Without Collection the and the with the the closed of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height The the friction to occurring to the when or encountered. the or the friction the when obstruction or tion encountered. the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the MOWER THE OPERATING Growth Friction Non-Grassed CS125 STOP
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or combined the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the previous If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE First or Every Season To the the to procedures the Follow the hourly or whichever first. service prolonged or when airborne or the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. wheels, and and grease the of and from their outer the clutch the
or Every Season the or Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged tion whilst the Cleaner MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG308/312A02B
MOWER Service Service MAINTENANCE the the and that the to-Before the checking and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and of and Allow to thoroughly or cloth and If dirty, with and servicing, the and securely.
to as shown the the hours or season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service
MOWER MAINTENANCE Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately To and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. Only. the clutch operation operating hours and necessary. The clutch correctly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as Tighten the when correctly
the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its Right and that the of the the of the with the hand and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the years of excessively or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE CS081
MAINTENANCE MOWER Assembly CS094 the with the turned facing the the using the washer, and and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
To the the to allow it to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with Cover the with protective sheet and MOWER MAINTENANCE
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released. then height of rough becoming lead. disconnected Incorrect Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or Clean Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast released. Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch Only) through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE SHOOTING Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty through the Clean the restricted Inspect and as necessary Empty too throttle to
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 308A CODE 312A Rotary Rotary of rotation: of of of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the regulations Also Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN292, EN836 and ENISO14982 Declaration and Technical HAYTER LIMITED, M.A. Wright Bishops Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION information. RMS measured the CODE 308A CODE 312A
ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 308A 312A 305101V Bracket Scraper Screw M6 Decal Screw UNC Decal of Decal Decal Warrant Decal Washer M6 M6 'T' Rear Rear Throwplate Screw Washer Spacers) UNF Ins. 'T' M4 T Plate PARTS LIST QTY.
LIST PARTS ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 308A 312A Bearing Arm Assembly Screw MU42734 Washer Plate Washer M4 UNF Connecting Screw M6 inc. item Assembly Rear 306115W Rear 308050W Clutch 306094W 305091W Stop Washer Screw Clutch Bracket Clutch Break Screw Screw M8 M8 Ins. 'T' M8 Deflector QTY.
ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 308A 312A Decal Screw M6 Deflector R/H Deflector Deflector L/H 305105W Screw M6 Complete Assembly Coach PARTS LIST QTY.
LIST PARTS 2D308A/312A/01A
CUSTOMER INFORMATION /NOTES 10D902-0155-B1 (308A) 10D982-0164-B1 (312A) of Notes:-