OWNER'S HANDBOOK (English HANDBOOK: CODE SERIAL NO. 410E 412E 413E CODES 410E 412E 413E
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Cleaner and Throttle Stop Ground Clutch Only) Only) Assembly Height of Battery Only) Only) Rear Deflector Lead Specifications type type Unleaded Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE SAE Champion RJ19LM, Champion RJ19LM, Champion RJ19LM, NGK BR2LM NGK BR2LM NGK BR2LM Cutting height HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON 1C411A02
months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Training Preparation Assembling the the The Starting Turning of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed only Throttle Service Cleaner Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Battery Charging Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Customer Info/Notes CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. Read and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other to this of or constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third year) of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the while people, or that the or occurring to other people or their property. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and or injury. only daylight or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the Stop the the other than the the securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the operated whilst the PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the lead: the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or or This which when dis-assembled and re-assembled, this should authorised clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and necessary repairs If the to abnormally immediately). the
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the Stop Height of Throttle STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the of thrown from the 56Cth13a
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Charger Only) Only) To off the attached to the and to first please the Only) to charging Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the from the to and the to the operating the assembled to the of the and to HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON 1C411A011 to that the become the the rear the through the and the to the
MOWER THE STARTING BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the Starting the throttle to the the throttle to the fast tion the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the
MOWER THE OPERATING Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the Only) the and the together with the Turn the clockwise tion and to crank the the release the and the throttle to the cranking the than seconds the If the manually without the switch. To the when the Only) and the with both to the forwards. Only) the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This useful when areas. Only) operating the to and back to IMPORTANT To this should whilst the If the released the
OPERATING THE MOWER and the with both to the Turning To the with the the tion required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch reduce the throttle and release the Emergency Release both ground clutch and If the to the throttle to the tion and the lead. STOP CS146
MOWER THE OPERATING To the greater than the height of to from the locking notch, then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the of CS284
OPERATING THE MOWER To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and or to the the tion of these obstructions and that around them. the and the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed
MOWER THE OPERATING of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as necessary the obtained. To to than third of height The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or tion encountered. Disconnect the and the ALWAYS to Non-Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the Growth Friction CS284 STOP CS146
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or combined feed the should It should to the this month as the action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when necessary and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
LAWN CARE and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE To the and the to the the first hour clutch the first hours the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or the from around the the top and of the housing. from the and of the of guards and and or Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the clutch the or Every Season the
or Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the Lead Throttle casing screw and throttle to and then as as the screw whilst throttle casing screw. Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
MOWER MAINTENANCE Service the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the Service To service the cleaner, screw and cover and clean If servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and securely the screw to the base. the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the the
Service to as shown the the hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. 1CG480V36B Clutch the backwards whilst this, to the clutch the If Unscrew the section of the the clutch correctly.
the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the of the years of excessively or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG480V33D
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly the with the turned facing the the the washer and and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or frequently the from the and and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. 1CG480V25B
To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and Only) Charge the the leads MOWER MAINTENANCE BRIGGS STRATTON HARRIER
MOWER MAINTENANCE Battery charging only) PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the tery NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity supply necting the charger from the battery. ALWAYS the with the Battery charging should The charge the battery. If the recharging the to Charge the when necessary. To recharge the battery: the from the and then the to the the charger to the electricity supply and switch to charge the fourteen hour Switch off the electricity supply and the the from the and then the to the lead. IMPORTANT PREVENT DAMAGE: NEVER the tery to the as this the charger to permanently Chargers this warranty. CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE: The This that the to authorised It of with EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies this as or These products should of as They should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling these products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of WS032
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY turn released. then height of rough becoming lead. TROUBLE SHOOTING Incorrect Obstruction obstruction. Battery Only) Charge Service cleaner. or Clean cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast released. Clean and or Battery Only) Charge Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively Mounting ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch Only) through the Clean the restricted of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty through the Clean the restricted too throttle to Inspect and as Empty too throttle to
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Address: Bishops CM23 4BU. ENGLAND that the CODE 410E of of the of of with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the as and the regulations Procedure the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, CO10 0TH. ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound with harmonized EN EN and EN ISO S.A (Technical Director) VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with EN CODE 410E CODE 412E CODE 413E CODE 412E and and Declaration and technical HAYTER LIMITED Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND CODE 413E and
PARTS LIST Item 410E 410010V RH Screw Deflector Lead Battery HY412014 E/S Decal Cover M8 HY234051 M8 HOC Deflector HY412008 410034W HY226024 Washer M6 E/S HY412005 HY6426 Screw M6 M6 Throttle Screw M6 Washer 305145W Clutch Screw Stop Clutch AD Inc.114 AD AD HY412007 410038W Deflector Rear Coach HOC HY410006 412E 413E Item
Item 410E Decal HOC Screw Decal Chute Throwplate Bracket Mount HY412003 HY412004 Assy Inc. Bracket Washer Screw Assy Gearbox Battery Clutch Clutch Battery HY412013 Crankshaft Bracket RH Bracket Gearbox Screw Plate Bearing Gearbox Bearing L.D. Gearbox Assy Inc. Bracket LH HY410002 Bearing LH HOC HOC Screw W/A 410011W LIST PARTS 412E 413E Item
PARTS LIST Item 410E Shell Chain Screw Bearing Rear Gearbox Washer Counter Washer M16 Connecting Washer HY201026 Friction 410057W HY4014 Washer Assembly Inc. UNF HY4486 W/A Cover Battery Top HY412012 Charger HY412010 M6 ZBH1F040U Edge HY03354 M6 Mount Con Inc. Bearing 412E 413E Item
LIST PARTS 410E HARRIER BRIGGS STR ATTON
412E/413E PARTS LIST HARRIER BRIGGS STR ATTON
Notes:- NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION XTS-50 of