Copyright 95/98/ME and NT/2000/XP of Microsoft other and of their respective of this or or to (such as translation, transformation or without the written of the as the United States Copyright of FCC Warning This tested and found to comply with the regulations Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with this interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his/her own CE Warning This Class this interference, which the to that every HWU54DM USB Wireless-G free from physical and workmanship years from the of purchase. If the this two-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization Warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CAN NOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVEN SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILTY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without obligation to or entity. Please to: HAWKING LIMITED WARRANTY
CONTENTS INTRODUCTION Features.......................................................................................................................1 Specifications..............................................................................................................1 Wireless Network INSTALLATION PROCEDURE NETWORK CONNECTION 98SE/ME 2000/XP...........................................................................................................6 CONFIGURATION UTILITY Accessing the Utility..........................................................................9 Survey................................................................................................................10 Profile WPA XP Reading the and the Statistics.....................................................................................................................22 Advanced...................................................................................................................22 About UNINSTALLATION TROUBLESHOOTING.......................................................... The to-Peer Network known as The Access Network Installation....................................................................................... the Profile Authentication Security..................................................................................
Introduction Thank purchasing the USB Wireless-G The HWU54DM with the IEEE which to high-speed wireless It backwards with IEEE The HWU54DM high high performance wireless that with and throughput. swivel-and-rotate paired with Patch the the coverage wherever The to to increase reception to wireless the the of the wireless and to the highest strength. The LED the information to the from wireless piece-of-mind wireless security, the HWU54DM WEP that protects wireless from It the WPA and WPA2 Protected Access) security that IEEE and TKIP Integrity to authorize to or AP Routers, and the transmitted the encrypted/decrypted Works with both IEEE and IEEE products. and Swivel reception with shows wireless reception information Directional increased Wireless and of wireless interference from High-speed to High throughput allows the of heavy Supports WEP, WPA (TKIP with IEEE and AES the highest of security. increases security and reliability. Supports the operating USB2.0 Specifications IEEE Interface: USB Modulation: OFDM with BPSK, QPSK, 16QAM, 64QAM BPSK, QPSK, CCK
Security: WEP Encryption, WPA, WPA2, AES and IEEE and 4.36(H) 1.36(W) 0.5(D) inches C) Humidity: FCC, CE the please the items of The should include the following items: One USB Wireless-G Network One USB One CD One If of the items as as Wireless Network The Network known as This wireless easily and quickly. with wireless PC Cards wireless PCI, or Wireless USB and directly each PC and Activity
You as to to wired and and information with other wireless LAN. The Access Network The allows to and conveniently. With Wireless LAN Cards, to the or with through wireless
Procedure with the installation, please following Please the HWU54DM the software from the CD. The following operated XP. (Procedures If the Wireless please the first. A. the CD CD-ROM The splash appear. Click to B. automatically. C. to the Licensing Select to
D. Choose ation and Next E. and Next F. The to the software the HWU54DM. Follow the instruction of the to the USB the USB of or
G. The the USB and the H. with warning This the selecting to the HWU54DM
I. the following appears, to the software and installation. To that the properly and to Hardware) the Network If the HWU54DM USB listed, that and
NETWORK CONNECTION Once the to to 98SE/ME to Network that the following HWU54DM TCP/IP If the to them. of the and Microsoft. Next, highlight the
Highlight Microsoft and then the item to Click OK to the Network the the and Click the that the the of which should the of the other the Click the Access that selected. If connecting to to
finished, to the Once the rebooted, appear and to username and username and and OK the or to the Double-click the Network Neighborhood the and should the of the other the 2000/XP to Network and XP to Network Network
that the following Microsoft Compatible (TCP/IP) If the to the Client/Service/Protocol required. selecting the to
Select the to and OK This to the To allow to the off the and Microsoft finished, to the
The Wireless that the HWU54DM and the and statistics of wireless The appears as the of operating while the You double-clicking the You Right-click the which the following options: Select to the as or as Select which of the would to The to with wireless If to manually network please as Utility. Select to the NOTE If the the the wireless from the If the appear automatically, to HWU54DM Wireless appear the Accessing the Profile Statistics Advanced About
active the ZCU to the active the TI double-clicking the the or right-clicking the and selecting the ZCU of the TI the Utility, the wireless to within the of and to the wireless with the highest using the Survey option, listed. You to another or of the to This shows wireless within of Click to the information of the wireless nearby. Click to to the selected to Profile the selected to Profiles It displays the information of the including the SSID, BSSID, Encryption, Authentication and Network If to to the the item the and the to the selected
Profile The Profiles to the to frequently. You to Add/Delete/Edit/Activate Profiles The the and the information Click these buttons to the selected Click to to the selected the Profile including Profile SSID,
Profile to the SSID The SSID to ASCII characters) the The function only when the type Network This operation the of If to the of the to the of the from 11B Preamble The the of the CRC WLAN. The ID the of -located WLANs. You SSID the and then the with the SSID to the If to of the to the the the and of them to the CAM( Constantly The active the when Access the Access or Router. Ad-Hoc Select this to to another wireless the LAN without through or Router. to the wireless stations. This option active the There including and Preamble. If selected, the switch the the wireless stations which the connecting to.
RTS Threshold RTS To Threshold The the of This Select the Authentication Security the to specify the type of security/authentication to with wireless To access, or of the and the Authentication and Security than this threshold, RTS and the directly to the wireless Select within of to bytes. Minor recommended. than the If this and high rates, increase performance. Select within of to bytes. Minor recommended. of the the The should the with the to.
Authentication This to with the wireless that Encryption the WEP Encryption. the to to. security within match to allow authentication the wireless Shared wireless stations shared (WEP identified) allowed to connecting each other. LEAP Lightweight Authentication WEP and authentication wireless and RADIUS LEAP allows to reauthenticate frequently; each authentication, the WEP WPA-PSK It and business who to authentication this known as Pre-Shared the user manually the their or as as each wireless stations the WPA from that users that the from the networ while encrypting the authorized The including TKIP and AES. that this option only XP. WPA2 This with the Option XP only. WEP the WEP Encryption. the item selected, to the WEP Encryption TKIP TKIP rity the of transmitted This security than the WEP security. AES AES to the highest of security and authenticity information and the advanced IEEE the security the wireless
WPA Pre-Shared The WPA-PSK from to characters and WEP or WPA XP You to the built-in wireless (ZCU) to wireless and to security with WPA and WEP authentication. This option wireless NOTE: These instructions XP with SP2. SP1 users appearance of options. Protected Access (WPA) of standards-based, interoperable security that increases the of protection and (authentication) existing and wireless LAN The technical of WPA include Integrity (TKIP) and authentication. There of WPA security: WPA-PSK and WPA (with WPA to authentication wireless stations and Typically, this WPA-PSK as the security that wireless to the Typically, this the should the to the or numbers. This of the wireless stations the The WEP to transmitted the wireless There of length: and Select the from to selected the the text following the below. the A-F, a-f and or ASCII characters (including and as the or the A-F, a-f and or ASCII characters (including and as the
To the WPA function XP, the following software required: Right-click the wireless located as shown below. Select Wireless Networks to the Wireless If the following below, please follow the If to Right-click the Wireless the To ZCU, as selected the It should this: back to the Wireless Network Choose Advanced from the
the Wireless wireless to and
the Association the type of Network Authentication wireless and the type of information, of authentication the If to authentication, to the Authentication Click OK once finished to the advanced Then OK to the
Network Authentication authentication the wireless Encryption WEP WPA or WPA-PSK WEP to the Shared wireless stations shared (WEP identified) allowed to each other. WPA This with authentication and Once WPA and the to the WPA-PSK It and business users who to authentication this known as Pre-Shared the user manually the their or as as each PC the wireless WPA from that unauthorized users that the from the while encrypting the authorized the TKIP TKIP Integrity the of transmitted This security than the WEP security. AES AES to the highest of security and authenticity information and the advanced IEEE the security the wireless the should the to the
From the option, the information of the connecting to. You this while the repositioning the to the location the SSID and MAC ID of the the connected to. the of the and the the the and of the The Throughput the of and received. Quality This the of the The higher the the the If to the the of this This shows the The higher shown the the the This to the of the wireless operation.
Measures the of interference within wireless The the the the Reading the and the The information wireless and You this to which the performance and where the location of Wireless within the the location of the While the clockwise and counter-clockwise to which the highest Quality and Once which the the that using the USB Wireless-G the from the USB and
Statistics This option to the information with its counts RTS and RTS Failed), and its counts You the counters clicking Counter. Advanced This option to wireless protection and Wireless B/G If of and wireless stations recommended to the to this This the
BURST the to the throughput the B/G Protection If of and wireless stations the These should only advanced only. Rate There options including to select. Turn RF If to off the of the temporarily, this To the this Compatible function: CCX LEAP CCKM every milliseconds. or This with both and wireless stations. If there wireless stations the the to this The with only wireless stations. and recommended that the protection This the of and wireless stations. the protection the throughput of the to that transmitted. Based the of the and protection On the protection the protection the selected, the choose the automatically. The higher the the allowed the and the wireless stations. the wireless only, the that there only options select. QOS: Quality of Service. NOTE These should advanced only..
Apply to the About choosing this option, softw and information, IP and The MAC of the the as
UNINSTALLATION to the and please to below the utility, the as to Wireless BETA Uninstall Click to the
Troubleshooting This chapter to usually the and of the What the IEEE the IEEE high-speed wireless LAN that to the band. becoming the wireless LAN the home, office and the of the OFDM specified IEEE the and it the as IEEE The with The specifically A. physical the Access (MAC) the band, known as the PHY (ERP). The ERP OFDM as CCK and and and B. protection RTS/CTS that and What the IEEE The IEEE LAN which the the industry. The to wireless LAN from to What IEEE The the following IEEE CSMA/CA Acknowledge Rate Selection RTS/CTS What integrated wireless LAN of computers, each Wireless LAN Connected as wireless LAN. wireless LAN branch or SOHO operation. What integrated wireless and wireless and LAN to wireless to or wireless and and and (optional The ERP includes the found including
What BSS ID LAN Service (BSS). Computers BSS with the BSS ID. What WEP WEP Wired Privacy, based as the IEEE What TKIP? TKIP to the weaknesses WEP security, the of TKIP the IEEE WLAN security and the might officially released early What AES? AES (Advanced Encryption chip-based security, to the highest of security and authenticity information, wherever and however communicated or while of and/or software than It included IEEE with AES, TKIP temporary WEP security AES the Can Wireless products Wireless products the function as LAN products. Therefore, Wireless products with Netware, or other LAN operating to or Would the information intercepted while WLAN features two-fold protection security. On the as with Direct the of scrambling. On the software WLAN offer the function (WEP) to security and Access their What DSSS What FHSS what their Frequency-hopping (FHSS) narrowband that that known to both and receiver. Properly the to To receiver, FHSS appears to short-duration (DSSS) each to transmitted. This (or The the the the that the recovered. or the the recover the without-the To receiver, DSSS appears as and rejected narrowband receivers.
What the It to off efficiency reliability, integrity, and security. other than the of narrowband the off that and to that the the of the broadcast. If to the right background There alternatives, Direct (DSSS) and (FHSS). What and high performance wireless It of products and to with products. of and The higher the or of the What the and Directional and the wireless of installations normally the wireless that the wireless while the or that the wireless to directly to the with the HWU54DM? If the directly the then bouncing the off walls. Wireless off or through to to their location to the