OWNER'S HANDBOOK (English FROM SERIAL NO: 340A001001, 341A001001 HANDBOOK: (REV ISSUE CODES 340A 341A
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Stop Clutch (341A Only) Throttle Assembly Rear Deflector of Battery (341A Only) Specifications 340A 341A INTEK-55 INTEK-55 111682-0165-E1 111687-0166-E1 type Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE type Cutting Cutting height 3D340A1
1ST Year months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service 1ST months) Please this records. Year months) Please this records.
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Throttle Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Battery Charging Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Customer Info/Notes CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other to this of or constructed and performance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the while or that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: highly specifically this the only. the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least while to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and or daylight or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the towards the the other than the the securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding of or the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear strong when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the using the Stop Height of Throttle STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Stop and the Decal CS198 of thrown from the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Charger (341A) (341A) To off the attached to the and (341A Only) to first please charge the hours. to Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. both to to that the become the the the through the and the to the
BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their additive which from authorised to of to allow the MOWER THE STARTING FULL ADD 15C
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
MOWER THE OPERATING Only) the and the together with the Turn the clockwise and to crank the the release the and the throttle to the the than seconds the If the manually without the tion switch. To the when the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the To the with the the tion required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch reduce the throttle and release the Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the throttle to the tion and the lead. Turning STOP
OPERATING THE MOWER Height of To the than To the height of the and to from the locking notch, then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notches. height of to operating to overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the rear and the through the and the rear to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading.
MOWER THE OPERATING Without Collection the and the with the the closed of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or tion encountered. the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the Growth Friction Non-Grassed STOP
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or the should It should to the this month as the action of Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged dusty, or when airborne or the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of guards and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the clutch the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged whilst the
To the and the attempting to procedures the Cowl Lead fill/Dipstick Throttle casing screw and the the of screw as as the throttle to the casing screw. Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE
MAINTENANCE MOWER Service Service the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before the To service the cleaner, the screws and cover and tion of and Allow to thoroughly If the servicing, the and the assembly the cover and securely the screw to the base.
to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service
MOWER MAINTENANCE Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. Only. the clutch operating hours and necessary. The clutch correctly when the with the clutch from the the (A) as necessary. If further required, the and screw the or as necessary. the when correctly
the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their casing. the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the of the every years of excessively or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG480V33C
MAINTENANCE MOWER Assembly the with the turned facing the the using the washer and and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the hours or the from the and and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the with protective and Only) Charge the the leads MOWER MAINTENANCE
MAINTENANCE MOWER Battery charging WS032 PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity supply necting the charger from the battery. ALWAYS the charger with the Battery charging should The charge the battery. If the recharging the to Charge the when necessary. To recharge the battery: the from the and then the to the the charger to the electricity supply and switch to charge the hour Switch off the electricity supply and the charger the from the charger and then the to the IMPORTANT PREVENT DAMAGE: NEVER the tery charger to the as this the charger to permanently Chargers this warranty. CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE: The This that the to authorised It of with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released. then height of rough becoming lead. TROUBLE Incorrect Obstruction obstruction. Battery (341AOnly) Charge Service cleaner. or Clean cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. lead. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast released. Clean and or Battery (341A Only) Charge Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with SHOOTING
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch Only) through the Clean the restricted of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height through the Clean the restricted too throttle to Inspect and as Empty too throttle to
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 340A CODE 341A Category: Rotary Rotary of rotation: of of rotation of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN292, EN836 and ENISO14982. Authorised Declaration and Technical HAYTER LIMITED, M.A. Wright Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION information. RMS measured the CODE 340A CODE 341A
PARTS LIST ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 340A 341A Washer Washer Screw M6 M6 T Screw M6 Washer Friction 219203W Washer Washer Washer M6 Screw UNC UNF UNF Washer Starloc Height Washer Screw Screw M6 Rear Coach M8 Screw Washer M6 M8 T Coach M6 Hex. M6 Screw Coach M8 QTY.
QTY. ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 340A 341A Washer Assembly 340205V Throwplate Assembly Plate LH Teeth Plate Connecting Assembly Bearing Moulding Plate Teeth RH A.P.T.O. A.P.T.O. Cover Coupling Bearing Housing Moulding Assembly Bracket Chain Deflector Rear Deflector M6 Clutch 306094W M6 Washer M6 LIST PARTS
PARTS LIST ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. ITEM NOTE 340A 341A Decal Clutch Housing Assembly (Includes4, Assembly U Decal Warrant Assembly Shroud Stop MU42189 341029W Decal Charger Decal Throttle Battery 12V Battery Bracket Battery Decal QTY.
340S/341S1 LIST PARTS
CUSTOMER INFORMATION /NOTES INTEK-55 111682-0165-E1 (340A) INTEK-55 111687-0166-E1 (341A) of Notes:-