Physical the
Congratulations the purchase of TM HNC210 Wired Network The HNC210 high performance that or the The offers broad of and to locations such as homes, offices, and other and areas. Please this installation.
LED: Ready Link/Activity: when flashing Ready: when ready LED: Link/Activity
LAN
the (RJ-45 the Ethernet to the the other of the to the
the input the and the supply. Then, the Please to that the Ready LED located to the of the to that the (To that there please to that the Link/Activity LED or flashing.)
the TM HNC210 CD CD-ROM the loads,
The search the of four the of its This HEMT and found the right or of the or the the of the
Each the with its MAC IP and (NOTE: The IP the that already with [LAN] rather than the the the to that highlighted and then Next (If about which would to its MAC displayed the to the the the of the NOTE: If the should: Click the and that connected properly to the If neither option factory the the back of the least seconds. Then, allow about seconds to the to the process. This should easily the
Next, the username and appear. Please type the and and then OK The If already username and them and OK
The to If DHCP the and to LAN that with If DHCP the internal and IP the IP section to assign to the If to the IP IP the IP section only. NOTE: Typically, the IP of router or The and this based Please Next once found the IP NOTE: If with to manually IP the of this section.
To from unauthorized and to the which The of four characters. Confirm the the field. Click Next once confirmed
The following appear. It summary of the to the If the correct, Next to
The completed. Please the text the clicking clicking the Please allow about seconds to the to the finished type its IP to the
to the IP Manually The shown to manually IP using the XP operating the other of IP that the the first three (or as the other LAN. the the the the following IP The of four Each LAN the first three this Therefore, LAN IP of the where and the IP the recommended required) that choose the of the and (Occasionally, the as the the IP of other Selecting the of the (preferably and conflicts with IP that already other the LAN. To the LAN follow the outlined the
Click the of Then Network
Click Network
the Network should titled (or something You this clicking or clicking or right-clicking and then clicking from the
with the title (or something appear. the the following Click the the heading IP and Gateway These IP with the first three this information to the IP You these three as the first three the IP of The and
You and IPAddressofCamera the You the included software to record, and the network The illustrated the previous section the IP with IP to the within LAN. of to of existing LAN the please to the section the titled to the If the this the of To the the the of reached. Please or the as this to or of the It recommended that the them the physical location.