(English ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (A) OWNERS HANDBOOK CODES 410G, 412G, 413G
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Precautions Preparation Assembling the Starting The Assembly The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Battery Charging Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the ance with and adherence to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please of or this of or and ance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES type type Unleaded Unleaded Unleaded type SAE SAE SAE Cutting height Lead. Cleaner. and Dipstick. Start-Grip. only). Stop Clutch Assembly. Rear Deflector. Height Guard. Battery only). Item should only operated whilst the or the HAY-G00481-A
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow or people with these instructions to the the of the while people, or that the or occurring to other people or their property. HAY-G00388-A Stop and the to the of Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING highly specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the to the the from the of and creating of the and securely. or fixing inspect the to that immediately with HAY-G00390-A the the of thrown the where the Then the to and hand or or light. using the where feasible. of footing of than and the of and when when or the or with This which when and reassembled. should only authorised from the of or
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the releasing the the tation or crossing other than the with guards, or with and/or the or the the with from the and the clutch the the when the the when front of the or near or rotating the or the while the the or cooling when the STOP Stop of Stop the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs and If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. Inspect the and or the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the rear and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear strong when and the
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE STARTING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Charger of C. Warranty Card. To off the attached to the and Only) to first please the hours. to Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the towards the and the to the operating releasing. Tighten both to to that the become the Assembly first the and the the that the the as shown. (A), (B), (C) and (D) to the the the and the to the To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the C The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the FULL ADD
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. IMPORTANT: To to the the should operated whilst the Starting the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the To the when the only) the and the together with the Turn the clockwise and to crank the the release the the than seconds the If the manually with- the switch. To age the when the only) the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. operating the to and back to the with the to Release the ground clutch and the with both to the Turning To the with the the required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and release the Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the lead.
OPERATING THE MOWER To the than Height To the height of the and to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notches. height of to operating to overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the obstructions which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the rear and the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height Friction The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or encountered. the and the ALWAYS to
OPERATING THE MOWER MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE Non the areas, the and the to the height of to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or First Hours the first hours the the clutch necessary. the Clean from around the and the top the of the housing. the of and of of and clear Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. wheels, and and grease the of and from their the clutch the Hours Every Season the Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged whilst the fill/Dipstick Lead
MOWER MAINTENANCE Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. Service the the and that the to- Starting the and instructions. the the first of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE ity to-Before Starting the Service To service the cleaner, screw and cover and If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the upwards and the screw to the base. Service to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surrounding the with cleaning. Water the clean with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The internal cooling and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised Service from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from
MOWER MAINTENANCE that and tight. or items immediately. Clutch At the that the the the backwards the progressively the clutch the lock, this the clutch should from the If the the clutch and than the with the To the this temporary and the service should to the the clutch attached to the clutch correctly. This should the the with the wound the the to the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its hand and that the of the the of the with and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS Clutch Tighten the when the Clutch The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the years of excessively or To to when turning the its Assembly the with the turned facing the the the washer and
MOWER MAINTENANCE slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the hours or the from the and using and spect the of both with to formance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. To the the sufficiently to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the lead. the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top around and and that the clean. the and with Cover the with protective and
MOWER MAINTENANCE Battery Charging only) PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity the charger from the battery. ALWAYS the charger with the Battery charging should The operation charge the battery. If the recharging the to To the battery: Disconnect the from the and then the battery to the the charger to the electricity supply and switch to charge the fourteen hour the from the charger and then the to the IMPORTANT PREVENT DAMAGE: NEVER the charger to the as this the charger to permanently Chargers this warranty. CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. The and charger This that of the and they to authorised They of with EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies this as or These products should of as They should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling these products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as only There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with selective or combined the should It should to the this month as the action of Water the necessary, and remember to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the previous If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION released Incorrect Obstruction Battery fitted) or then Incorrect/contaminated released Battery fitted) becoming Incorrect/contaminated rough Mounting of Crankshaft ground of obstruction Charge Service Clean height of and with Clean and the or Charge Clean and or Service and with Tighten of the Insect as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the restricted height too through the restricted Clutch of Increase height Empty Clean the Increase height Inspect and as clutch Clean the Empty
WARRANTY LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear sweeper/brushes, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone NOTES
NOTES NOTES
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. of DEALER STAMP Limited, Bishops CM23 4BU, months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) Please this records. months) Please this records.