(A) OWNER'S HANDBOOK (English PART NUMBER: (A) CODE FROM SERIAL NO: 432F 433F 434F 435F ISSUE CODES 432F 433F 434F 435F
(A) MAIN FEATURES SPECIFICATIONS Lead and Stop Ground Clutch only) Rear Deflector Assembly Decal of Throttle Specifications GCV GCV type GCV135EA4G7SD GCV160EA4G7SD type Unleaded type SAE capacity Cutting Cutting height
(A) months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
(A)
(A) Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Preperation Assembling the Starting the The Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Non-Grassed or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season Service Cleaner Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting Customer Information/Notes CONTENTS
(A) INTRODUCTION purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the procedures. The this and other regulations to this of or and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
(A) LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three from the of purchase. The of gearbox (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear sweeper/brushes, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the year service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and statutory rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone WARRANTY
(A) SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the while people, or that the or occurring to other people or their property. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this and while the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
(A) fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that with the where the Then the to and or injury. only or light. using the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the Stop the the other than the guards securely and the or the the ground clutch the only) the with from the This which when and re-assembled, this should only authorised PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation Operation
(A) SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the rear while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the the throttle shutdown and off the of and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease.
(A) the and wear or or If the to this should and when the to Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of the the Height of Stop STOP PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Stop and the Throttle CS198 of thrown from the
(A) ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items 1C432A01 To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the to the operating Tighten both to the to that the become the the rear the through the and the to the
(A) THE STARTING BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE 10W-30 additives with this To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. the back the screw the and the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the MOWER FULL ADD
(A) OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the and (ground clutch freely to their when released. Starting Turn the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast On the and the with hand together with the With right the and then to crank the the to the when the the the to the If the to Trouble Shooting. and the with both to the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This useful when areas. If the released the
(A) THE OPERATING To the with the the tion required. To tight (release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and the throttle to the Then release the Emergency If the to the To the than the height of to from the locking then to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating and to when the Turning Height of MOWER STOP CS146 CS284
(A) OPERATING THE MOWER To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the obstructions which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed Growth To and to of heavy If required, first the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height
(A) OPERATING the areas, the releasing the and the to the height of to the THE MOWER Non-Grassed
(A) LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or feed the should It should to the this month as the action of clover the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
(A) LAWN and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts from from brushing of off the or To than third of the height CARE October November CALENDAR
(A) MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE To the the to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or operation the first hours the the from around the the top and of the housing. from the and of the of guards and of or Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the clutch the or Every Season the or Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the
(A) Lead cleaner. Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MAINTENANCE MOWER 1C423A
(A) MAINTENANCE MOWER Service the the and that the to-Before the and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the Service To service the the cover release- top catches and from release. and If or servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the base. the cover upwards the catches the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its right that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the the
(A) Service to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the clean with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and that this service authorised from the immediately and of To immediately. MAINTENANCE MOWER
(A) MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly clean the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. 1CG480V36B Clutch the clutch hours and necessary. The clutch rectly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as necessary. Tighten the when correctly.
(A) the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the to the and allow the to cool. Turn the its right and that the of the the of the with the and the the To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the years of or To to when turning the its MAINTENANCE MOWER
(A) MAINTENANCE MOWER Assembly the with the turned facing the the using the friction washer and fixing and to of To the fixing slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. 1CG480V25B
(A) To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the and from using located the lead. the the This the and and of Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with Cover the with protective and MAINTENANCE MOWER
(A) TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Incorrect then Release rough becoming Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or off. Turn to Clean height of off. Turn to cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. lead. Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
(A) PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as necessary height too Increase height Empty through the Clean the restricted Inspect and as Empty SHOOTING
(A) PARTS LIST EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Address: Bishops CM23 4BU. ENGLAND that the CODE 432F of of the of of with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the regulations Directive 2000/14/EC the and the regulations Procedure the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, CO10 0TH. ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound with harmonized EN EN and EN ISO S.A (Technical Director) VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with EN CODE 432F CODE 433F CODE434F CODE435F CODE 433F CODE 434F Declaration and technical HAYTER LIMITED Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND CODE 435F
(A) Item Washer Thin HY09485 HY432004 Decal HY432009 Decal Decal HY412007 Throttle HY432006 HY226024 M6 P Washer M6. 305145W Stop. Screw Clutch 306094W Washer M6 T Screw M6 HY3966 Decal Rear Deflector 432001W Screw M8 M8 T Washer M8 Decal Height of Rear Deflector RH Rear Deflector LH Deflector Rear. Deflector Rear. 432010W 433010W HY432003 Screw M5 Plate 432021W M8 Deflector Deflector Washer Bracket LH 433017W LH 435017W Bracket RH 433018W Bracket RH 435018W PARTS LIST Item
(A) PARTS LIST Item Cover HOC Connecting 432005W Connecting 433011W Connecting 434003W Connecting 435014W Rear 432027W Rear 433016W 48A Rear RH 434014W 48B Rear RH 435011W 48C Rear LH 434015W Rear Rear M12 Screw Shoulder M6 UNF Washer HY4014 Washer M6 Plate HOC 432020W 432019W 433014W 435013W HY201026 Friction 433006V 435007V Screw UNC Decal Rear Clutch A/D Tension Gearbox Gearbox Gearbox Item
(A) Item Washer Gear Assembly LH Gear Assembly RH Washer Screw M6 MU710259 Grubscrew M6 Washer Screw M8 W.HD Bracket LH Bracket RH Plate LIST PARTS Item
(A) PARTS LIST MOTIF BRIGGS STR ATTON 48A 48B 48C
(A) Notes:- NOTES
(A) CUSTOMER INFORMATION GCV135EA4G7SD GCV160EA4G7SD GCV GCV of