(English FROM SERIAL NO: 415C001001 HANDBOOK: CODE 415C OWNER'S HANDBOOK
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS and Throttle Assembly Height of Rear Deflector Lead Specifications 415C XTS type 12F802-1325-01 type Unleaded capacity type SAE Cutting Cutting height HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON 1C415A05
1ST months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) that this service Authorised Service Please this records. Please this records. 1ST months) months)
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Throttle Service Service Service Clean Housing and Assembly Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Notes Customer Info CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other regulations to this of or injury. constructed and performance Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow or people with these instructions to the while or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and or daylight or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the the the other than the the securely and the or the the with from the PRECAUTIONS SAFETY Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the lead: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). the Whenever the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the Stop Height of Throttle STOP SAFETY PRECAUTIONS and the of thrown from the CS198
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON 1C415A01 ER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the the and the to the operating releasing. Tighten both to to that the become the the the through the and the to the
BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the MOWER THE STARTING FULL ADD V15C
OPERATING THE MOWER Starting that the freely to its when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
To the with the the required. To tight turn, apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the Emergency If the to the throttle to the and the lead. To the than the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating and to when the MOWER THE OPERATING Turning Height of STOP CS146 CS284
OPERATING THE MOWER Without Collection C Growth CS284 To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these obstructions and that around them. the and the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading. the and the with the the closed of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as necessary the obtained. To than third of height
The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or tion encountered. the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the MOWER THE OPERATING Friction Non-Grassed STOP CS146
LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when necessary and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season To the the to the the first hours the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the
To the and the attempting to the Lead Throttle casing screw and the the of screw as as the throttle to the Tighten casing screw. Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER MAINTENANCE HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
MOWER Service Service MAINTENANCE the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the cleaner, screw and cover and clean If dirty, the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the upwards and securely the screw to the base.
to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON
MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing 1CG480V36B from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. the and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their casing.
the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its hand and that the of the the of the with the and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every years of or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG4
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly 1CG480V25B the with the turned facing the the the washer and and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the hours or the from the and and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to it through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To it that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the Disconnect the lead. the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and guard. Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with Cover the with protective and MOWER MAINTENANCE BRIGGS STRATTON HARRIER
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released. then height of rough becoming Incorrect Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or Clean cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. lead. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast released. Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY excessively Mounting ground of to height too Increase height through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE SHOOTING Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty through the Clean the restricted too throttle to Inspect and as Empty too throttle to
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 415C Category: Rotary of rotation: of of of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the regulations Directive 2000/14/EC the and the tions the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN292, EN836 and ENISO14982. Authorised Signatory: Declaration and HAYTER LIMITED, S.A. Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with 415C
ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY. ITEM NOTE 410010V Foot 415016W Screw Deflector Decal B&S XTS50 Decal M8 M8 HOC Deflector Rear 410034W Washer M6 Edge M6 MU780129 Screw M6 M6 Throttle M6 Washer 305145W Battery Screw M6 AD 410038W Deflector Rear Coach PARTS LIST
PARTS LIST ITEM NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY. ITEM NOTE HOC Decal HOC Screw Assy Inc. Throwplate W/A Bearing UNF Washer Friction 410057W Washer Connecting Counter 415001W Screw M6 HOC HOC Housing Bearing Bracket LH L.D. Plate Battery Decal Bracket RH Plate
HARRIER BRIGGS STRATTON PARTS LIST 1C415A06B
NOTES Notes:-
Notes:- NOTES
CUSTOMER 12F802-1325-01 XTS of INFORMATION