(EN) ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (A) OWNERS HANDBOOK CODE 100E
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Precautions Preparation Assembling the First The Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Non-Grassed Protection Housing and Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the ance with and to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please www.hayter.co.uk of or this of or injury. and Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to specifications without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES 230V Rated 13A Cutting Cutting height Switch Unit. Arm. Cleat. Assembly. Rear Deflector. Height of Housing.
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow or people with these instructions to the regulations the age of the while or that the or occurring to other people or their property. the the to the of injury. Preparation It recommended that high Operated (RCCB) with of than the This the with protection shock. The the only protection the and the RCCB using the WARNING: inspect the supply of or immediately While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the or fixing inspect the to that immediately with of or STOP of thrown touching them SWITCH OFF AND REMOVE PLUG FROM MAINS BEFORE: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the the the Inspect the and repairs and If the to abnormally immediately). If the THE CUTTERBLADE CAN CONTINUE TO RO- TATE AFTER THE MACHINE IS SWITCHED OFF. the supply clear of the the supply If this the supply and supply or light. the where feasible. from the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS of footing of than and the of and when when or the Switch off, the to tion when crossing other than and when the to and from the to or with the with guards, or with and/or or or rotating the front of the than or of shock, when the of the or whilst or connected to the supply. the whilst the operation, when without and screws tight to that the operating the supply of or immediately the rear and wear or or Wear when and the This which when and this should Switch ON OFF Height of Switch off and from or authorised
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE FIRST USE the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Warranty Card. Top of C. To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the to the operating to to that the become the Once the assembled. the tor, the the and the rear to the Route the supply to the cleat the of the the supply and to the cleat.
OPERATING THE MOWER the the to the supply clear of the that the switch OFF connecting. Switch ON. the of RCCB to the Precautions Preparation. Starting If the to the the Allow the to to the mounted the and that clear of the the with the right and the the with the hand. and the with both to the forwards. Turning To the with the the required. To tight apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the excessively when turn. the of the when the Release the to the WARNING: AVOID ACCIDENTS The to the switched off. the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the and the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed
OPERATING THE MOWER Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height Non Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the WARNING: PREVENT ACCIDENTS to the If this should switch off and the from the supply. the and the of the location of the supply relation to the and the allow the to become the the which of sight, of and this to which from the supply and that the trailed the Work and the Turn the round the of the and the that the trailed the the around flower the from trailing positioning the of the allow the to pulled around and the tion. allow the to become WARNING: PREVENT ACCIDENTS Switch off the the cleaning or the Protection the or through this the front of the slightly bearing the allow the to reach and to Alternatively to higher If the to switch off and the from the supply. and the the and Turn the its and clear the from the and the of the the upright and the to higher necessary. the and to which the IMPORTANT: PREVENT DAMAGE DO NOT to the If this and allow the to This allow the to cool to its
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE MOWER MAINTENANCE Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged when airborne or operation Clean from the height of the and the of the housing. the of and of of and clear Hours Every Season and with the switch and the to from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. fixing screws of screws Used hand only) the and with operating hours. Turn the the of the with and replacing, that the the with the turned facing the locating the the fixing and to the specified of The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT towards the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of
MOWER MAINTENANCE the every years or or or To to when turning the its slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. the of the supply or immediately To the first the top to allow the top section of the to to the section. Unscrew the sufficiently to allow both top and sections to forwards. To that that the following when the of month. to the section as Clean of the and that the clean. the Treat with the Cover the with protective and the to the of the from its CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies this as or These products should of as They should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling these products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with selective or combined the should It should to the this month as the combined action of Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to supply RCCB tripped pulled of switch that the switch to the OFF tion. from the and switching OFF Mounting of ground of another and RCCB action. the supply of and mediately from the and the supply of immediately from the and obstruction Tighten Tighten of the Inspect and as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the height too through the Increase height Empty Clean the Increase height Inspect and or as Clean the Empty
WARRANTY LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from or workmanship of years from the of purchase. To the of the warranty, the warranty to within of purchase. If the the Warranty Card, please and return. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service warranty to those items which to wear and tear and other wearing This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these The warranted To warranty the to authorised service with of purchase the and of purchase. to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to: Limited, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire, CM23 4BU UK ONLY of authorised The or Freephone or the NOTES
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. of DEALER STAMP Limited, Bishops CM23 4BU, www.hayter.co.uk ear months hat this service as Authorised Service ear months hat this service Authorised Service ear months Please this records. ear months Please this records.