R53S and R53A Recycling with ES, and VS 448E, 449E and
Introduction Thank purchasing The following to and service from This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to This other as to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the procedures. This and the which that serious or death follow the recommended This to highlight information. to mechanical information and information worthy of The this and other regulations to this of or constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without Printed the USA. Rights
Introduction.................................................................2 Safety.................................3 Sound Sound and Instructional Unfolding the the with the Charging the Battery.............................................8 the or Product Operation................................................................... the Checking the the Cutting Height the Starting the the the Collecting Tips................................................... Recommended Schedule(s) Procedures.................................... Lubricating the Gears............................... the the the Charging the Battery........................................... the the the Cleaning the the Folding the the from Improperly using or this injury. To reduce the injury, comply with these instructions. This and tested reasonably service; however, to comply with the following instructions injury. To performance, and to knowledge of the that and other of the and the of this the started. to the which Warning, or instruction. and the instruction to with to with the instruction injury. The following instructions from the ISO This of and and throwing to the following instructions serious or death. the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the the age of the that the or or occurring to other people or their property. pictograms the or the instructions. WARNING the following specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the
If to the the from the of and creating of and securely. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and stones, wires, bones and other inspect to that guards, and such as and/or and correctly. inspect to that the and assembly or or and to Starting and clutches and the when the or switching the the to this than and the which from the the or switch the to instructions and with from the and front of the while or nearby. or light. the terrain and other or or rotating clear of the or while the when or when the of and and when of footing and to or of Stop the the to when crossing other than and when the to and from the to the where Stop the whenever the the height from the Stop the and the lead. clearing or cleaning or the inspect the and repairs restarting and operating the to abnormally immediately). Watch when or and and screws tight to the cleaning the with the and building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and free of or grease. and the and with recommended when necessary. or
If the to this the or the increase the of of the to of the and of the To the performance and purchase and and they Sound 448E: This A-weighted sound the ear of based of EN ISO and EN 449E: This A-weighted sound the ear of and Instructional Decals and instruction located of Warningread the information charging the battery; the Enginestop based of EN ISO and EN Sound 448E: This A-weighted sound of based of ISO 449E: This A-weighted sound of based of ISO Vibration, 448E: This hand/arm of based of EN and EN 449E: This hand/arm of based of EN and EN
Read the the the the cover. the the cover. Height of of switch Unlocked switch On 448E only) 448E only) Thrown from the of or footstay from Warningread the of hand or foot, from Thrown from the of or foot, the and the instructions servicing or Thrown the without the or the without the cover or of or foot, and to the leaving the operating and when
and the protective that covers the Unfolding the the and the Tighten the as tight as the with To the shipped without The with the of the the the the reaches the the type: SAE If the of as directed the the securely. the the first operating hours; yearly thereafter. to the the with that protects the You the with the or the the the screws that the cover to the of the the screws the cover.
the with owners the with the screws that the temporary from the cover. Charging the Battery PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity supply the charger from the battery. ALWAYS the charger with the Charge the hours initially, then monthly (every or as the charger and charge the (22C) whenever the to the located below the the charger with the the charger to the electricity supply and charge hours the from the electricity supply. the charger from the the charge, or of the to PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE: The and charger This that of the and charger they to authorised They of with EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies this as or These products should of as They should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling these products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of G009630
the or You correctly the or or the or the The switch, located the of the top, right of the that the from operating without or This the from throwing the through the rear the switch to the of the the top of the the of the Top of switch the the isnt already the the with and the the Release the the and that the top of the the switch If the top of the the switch If the properly, the from the and and the
Product Cutting height fill/Dipstick Foot and plate Battery charger illustrated) the Unleaded and fire or from and others. To charge from the the and/or directly the ground vehicle or the when the cold. when or around or of the reach of the with fresh To reduce to the season, with than
Checking the Service each or the clean, and the the and the If the below the the the to the to the the type: SAE the securely. the Cutting the height with the causing serious Stop the and to the housing when the If the the and severely from the the height as four to the height. To the height to the them rearward. the Height You or the to You the higher than the of the the the to the
Tighten the as tight as the The switch that from the first the or the securely the the or the the the the and immediately the using the or the If the Authorised Service
To the with the and and the with and the Service each or that the within seconds releasing the To the release the release the both the and should within seconds. If they properly, immediately and Authorised Service If the to the to the If the the to Removing the the If the the and the to Removing the the The switch that from the first the securely the Top of switch G009647
Collecting the when to and from the If the the and the to Removing the the The the serious injury. Stop the and to leaving the operating the the Route the around the The releases the when the the the the top of the The switch that from the first the securely the the Route the around the the from the the top of the and the from the from the immediately and of allow to thrown both or or death. To immediately.
the the If the the and the to the the The switch that from the first the securely the to the the Unlock the the the and the the
Removing the To the the the Cutting about third of the the highest height and then the appearance. If the too the and the to or and to the and the to or the to or serious and the the This the the If the finished appearance unsatisfactory, try or of the following: the or sharpened. while the height the frequently. instead of with each the height the front notch than the the front and the Cutting the that of the shows through the cover. You to than the If there than of the the front height or notches higher than the height. the the finely enough.
the and right of the from the operating Schedule(s) Service Procedure the first hours the the that the within seconds releasing the each or Clean and from the the operating Every hours Empty the repairs as directed and Charge the monthly (or as and Yearly or to procedures. Procedures Stop the and to the from the the procedure(s), the to the the wheel the the the or sharpened the quickly). to the to the or the allow the to through If the to of to the the its with the the the to and the or the with
the Gears Service Yearly the the of each rear and the Apply to the and outer of the as shown the Lubricating the Service Yearly the and right of the with low-viscosity yearly or as the of the the that with the to the the and the of the
the Service Every hours the yearly; operating to screw to the cover the the cover. the Service the first hours the the to flows and the to the Yearly the its with the to the through the the the reaches the the type: SAE
the securely. of the properly recycling Charging the Battery Service or to Charge the Battery the section. the If the or the turn with the the with type to the the section.
the If properly, the the the mount mount the back rearward. If the smoothly, to the the the the Exposed the inch You the of the mount and the of the G009696 mount the the ground the increases the ground Tighten the firmly. the and the If the properly this
the Service Yearly You wrench to the properly. If wrench or this Authorised Service the whenever of If the or cracked, immediately. If the or sharpened or The the serious injury. Wear when servicing the the from the to the its with the of to the steady the mounting the and mounting the of the to the housing. wrench to the to to tight. While holding the with of the ratchet or wrench and the securely. This to
Cleaning Cleaning the Service each or The from the housing. Wear protection. the operating the allow the With the of front of the right wheel The splash the of the cleaning the the and the to the to the housing to from the clean, the than the Allow the to cool On the of the to the as directed the the the from of Allow the to the sufficiently the from the the of through the and the to throughout the to the off-season. the Tighten and screws. Charge the hours, then the charger and the unheated If the heated charge the every
Folding the Upright the foot and the to the upright With the the upright the foot and the the and the To the to Unfolding the Removing the from the and the the to the from the the and with wrench to Charge the battery. the to the
Year months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of gearbox (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the www.hayter.co.uk or Freephone
of