(EN) ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (A) OWNERS HANDBOOK CODE 615E
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Precautions Preparation Assembling the Assembly The Starting Turning of Without Collection Growth Non-Grassed Protection Housing and Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the ance with and adherence to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please of or this of or injury. constructed and Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES 230V Rated 13A Cutting Cutting height Housing. Rear Deflector. Switch Unit. Cleat. Assembly. Height of
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious using the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the the age of the while people, or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. the the to the of Preparation It recommended that high Current Operated (RCCB) with of than the This the with protection shock. The the only protection the and the RCCB using the WARNING: inspect the supply of or immediately While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the or fixing inspect the to that immediately with of or STOP of thrown touching them SWITCH OFF AND REMOVE PLUG FROM MAINS: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the the the Inspect the and repairs and operating. If the to abnormally immediately). If the supply THE CUTTERBLADE CAN CONTINUE TO RO- TATE AFTER THE MACHINE IS SWITCHED OFF. the supply clear of the the supply If this the supply and supply or light. the where feasible. from the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS of footing of than and the of and when when or the Switch off, the to tion when crossing other than and when the to and from the to or with the with guards, or with and/or or or rotating the front of the than or of shock, when the of the or whilst it or connected to the supply. the whilst the operation, when using without and screws tight to that the operating the of or immediately the rear and wear or or Wear when and the This which when and this should only authorised Switch ON OFF Height of Switch off and from or
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE FIRST USE the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Warranty Card. of C. To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the to the operating Tighten to to that the become the Assembly the the Once the assembled. the tor, the the and the to the Route the supply to the cleat the of the the supply and to the cleat.
OPERATING THE MOWER the the to the supply clear of the that the switch OFF connecting. Switch ON. the of RCCB to the Precautions Preparation. Starting If the to the the Allow the to to the mounted the and that clear of the the with the right and the the with the hand. and the with both to the forwards. Turning To the with the the required. To tight apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the to the WARNING: AVOID ACCIDENTS The to the switched off. Height the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating overloading and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the obstructions which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the and the and the to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the the closed
OPERATING THE MOWER Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height Non Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the WARNING: PREVENT ACCIDENTS to the supply If this should switch off immediately and the from the supply. the and the of the location of the supply relation to the and the allow the to become the the which of sight, of and this to which from the supply and that the trailed the Work and the Turn the round the of the and the that the trailed the the around flower the from trailing positioning the of the allow the to pulled around Stop and the tion. allow the to become WARNING: PREVENT ACCIDENTS Switch off the the cleaning or the Protection the or through this the front of the slightly the allow the to reach and to Alternatively to higher If the to switch off and the from the supply. and the the and Turn the its and clear the from the and the of the the upright and the to higher necessary. the and to which the IMPORTANT: PREVENT DAMAGE DO NOT to the If this and allow the to This allow the to cool to its
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE MOWER MAINTENANCE Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged when airborne or Clean from the height of the and the of the housing. the of guards and of of and clear Every Season and with the switch and the to from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. fixing screws Used only) the and with every operating hours. Turn the the of the with hand and replacing, that the the with the turned facing the locating the the fixing and to the specified of The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every years or or excessively or
MOWER MAINTENANCE To to when turning the its slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced. the of the supply or immediately To the first the top to allow the top section of the to to the section. Unscrew the sufficiently to allow both top and sections to forwards. To that it that the following when the of month. to the section as Clean of the and that the clean. the Treat with the the with protective and the to the weight of the from its CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. EU Directive 2002/96/EC classifies this as or These products should of as They should to or recycling and to the The recycling and Recycling these products of the The crossed-out to follow these Please authority or and further the of
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or patches. increasing the as Treat with selective or combined feed the should It should to the this month as the action of Water the necessary, and remember to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when necessary and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts free from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to supply RCCB tripped pulled of switch that the switch to the OFF tion. from the and excessively switching OFF Mounting of ground of another and RCCB action. the supply of and mediately from the and the supply of immediately from the and obstruction Tighten Tighten of the Inspect and as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the height too through the Increase height Empty Clean the Increase height Inspect and or as Clean the Empty
WARRANTY LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and statutory rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the www.hayter.co.uk or Freephone NOTES
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. 240V of DEALER STAMP Limited, Bishops CM23 4BU, ear months hat this service as Authorised Service ear months hat this service Authorised Service ear months Please this records. ear months Please this records.