(EN) ISSUE: PART NUMBER: (A) OWNERS HANDBOOK CODE 616E
CONTENTS Introduction Specifications Precautions Preparation Assembling the Assembly The Starting Turning of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Service Service Service Clean Housing and Assembly Trouble Shooting Warranty Notes Customer Info Service Records
INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and tions. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the ance with and adherence to the of operation, service and as fied this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired only who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other tions of products and to authorised service or please of or this of or injury. and Correct operation and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
SPECIFICATIONS MAIN FEATURES type type Unleaded capacity type SAE Cutting height Cleaner. and Stop Rear Deflector. Height Guard. Lead.
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow or people with these instructions to the the of the while people, or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. the the to the of Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING highly specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the to the the from the of and creating of the dissipated; and securely. fresh the and or fixing inspect the to that of or of thrown from the immediately with the where the Then the to and or injury. daylight or light. the where feasible. of footing of than and the of and when when or the Stop and the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS or with If the to when crossing other than and when the to and from the to Stop the (s) releasing the that the (s) the the with guards, or with and/or the or the the with from the the when the the when front of the or or rotating the or the STOP Stop of while the the or cooling when the the and the clearing or the charge cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs and operating. If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the the throttle shutdown. and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. Inspect the and or the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and the This which when and reassembled. should authorised
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER BEFORE FIRST USE the from the and that the following items correctly. If items of C Assembly. Warranty Card. To off the attached to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the from the to and the to the operating the assembled to the of the both to to that the become the Assembly the the and then the the through the and the to the To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE additives with recommended To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with cloth. Screw the back then and it to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the FULL ADD
OPERATING THE MOWER and that the freely. that the freely to its when released. Starting the the to the to the assembling the the first the to to to of the when Starting the and the together with the with hand. With right the and then to crank the the to the when the If the to Trouble Shooting. The the to and the If the released the To the when the and the with both to the forwards. and the with both to the Turning To turn the with the the required. To tight turn, apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the HAY-G00485-A Emergency Release the If the to the
OPERATING THE MOWER To the than Height To the height of the and to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Finally release the the and of the notches. height of to operating to and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. 1CG411A08 the and the through the and the to the rear of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the rear the closed Growth of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height Friction The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or encountered. Disconnect the and the ALWAYS to Non Grassed the areas, the and the to the height of to the
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE To the and the attempting to procedures the the first hours the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged dusty, or when airborne or the from around the the top of the housing and from the and of the of and of Every Season the continuously operating Cleaner Cover fill/Dipstick Lead heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their outer casing. the clutch the Hours Every Season the Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the
MOWER MAINTENANCE Should only authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. Service the the and that the to Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the SAE to-Before Starting the Service To service the cleaner, and screw and cover the and of and Allow to thoroughly or cloth and If dirty, the with clean and servicing, the and securely. Service to as shown the the every hours or season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surrounding the with cleaning. Water the clean with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The internal cooling and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. Housing from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from
MOWER MAINTENANCE that and tight. or items immediately. the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the of the the of the with and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the tightened to the specified of the every years of or To to when turning the its Assembly the with the turned facing the the using the washer and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and and spect the of both with to formance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. balanced If the balanced the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
MOWER MAINTENANCE To the the sufficiently to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to aged through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the lead. the the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top around and and that the clean. the and with the with protective and
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as Treat with selective or feed the should It should to the this month as the action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weather the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and October the thatch from the and the to and November to casts from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION released Incorrect Obstruction Battery fitted) or then Incorrect/contaminated released Battery fitted) becoming Incorrect/contaminated rough Mounting of ground of obstruction Charge Service Clean height of and with Clean and the or Charge Clean and or Service and with Tighten of the Insect as PROBLEM CAUSES CORRECTIVE ACTION to height too through the restricted height too through the restricted Increase height Empty Clean the Increase height Inspect and as Clean the Empty
WARRANTY NOTES LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three year warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone
NOTES NOTES
CUSTOMER INFORMATION SERVICE RECORD CODE SERIAL NO. of DEALER STAMP Limited, Bishops CM23 4BU, ear months hat this service as Authorised Service ear months hat this service Authorised Service ear months Please this records. ear months Please this records.