FCC Warning This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from the that the connected to. or Shielded interface to comply with or to the which the the authority to the CE Warning This with the relating to compatibility, EN ITE, the protection of Council Directive 89/336/EEC the of the of the States relating to compatibility. LIMITED WARRANTY that every HGS16S 10/100/1000M Switch from physical and workmanship years from the of purchase. If the this two-year warranty Customer Service to Authorization The warranty or only. BE SURE TO HAVE YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE. RETURN REQUESTS CANNOT BE PROCESSED WITHOUT PROOF OF PURCHASE. the Authorization clearly the of the and include of purchase. IN NO EVENT SHALL HAWKING TECHNOLOGYS LIABILITY EXCEED THE PRICE PAID FOR THE PRODUCT FROM DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE PRODUCT, ITS ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE OR ITS DOCUMENTATION. warranty or representation, expressed, or statutory, with to its products or the or of this and accompanying software, and specifically its performance, merchantability, or the right to or its products, software, or without to or entity. Please
the Switch Introduction Ethernet Rear Rack-Mount Network Network Application of Functions PHY and Flow VLAN Quality of Service Access the Switch Statistics Discovery Specifications
The HGS16S consists of: One HGS16S 10/100/1000M Switch mount mounting and screws with One AC One RS-232 One CD One to that the and that items If please Please this thoroughly, and follow the and operation the following
The Ethernet Switch. Compared with the switch to every attached with The to the or backbone connectivity performance. The (or function to the chapter titled, N- Process) the operation. easy to without hassles. Each to throughput, and to or and reception of without causing while the The HGS16S connected performance, the increasingly of Also, switches, the HGS16S advanced the web-based UI or thereby allowing the to and the efficiently. Store-and-Forward architecture allows latency, (including and CRC and efficiency. The switch without software to and with the the the the easy of the operating of or the Ethernet Ethernet of the IEEE and to increase throughput Ethernet and to increase It the and as as CSMA/CD flow and Ethernet with and Ethernet without wasting existing investments software, and/or trained With increased and Ethernet reducing that as and their and users through the of increasingly such as backbones and to Ethernet greatly and increase the of Ethernet conferencing, and to than outfitted with Ethernet NICs (Network Interface Cards) to the of operations the amount of
Ethernet Function easy network 4K MAC VLAN Supports to (of to each) Supports Supports and back Store-and-forward forwarding Supports 272K memory Supports or Web-based UI switching supply There RJ-45 the front The switchs allows each of the to of the following MDI/MDI-X meaning that the PC or other without
Below the summary of the cabling required: LED Definition The the front the operating of as as the LED This when the switch otherwise, off. Every RJ-45 the front (10/100M, indicating the and activity LED Summary If the connected the LED the following items: If the switchs and the connected or If the and of the type If the seated its the switch and the associated If the including and functioning properly Rear Steady Connected as 10Mbps/Active 10/100M Steady/Blinking Connected as 100Mbps/Active 1000M Steady/Blinking Connected as 1000Mbps/Active UTP/STP UTP/STP UTP/STP
This switch directly the or mounted immediately of the attaching the and turning the the switch to clean, or to and the cord, the ready. the switch, that: It and connected easily Cabling from: Sources of such as and broadband amplifiers and lighting Water or or with the switch around the and through the the of the heat recommended that of of clearance). To the of than top of each other top of or the of the Rack-Mount The switch or mounted 19-inch mounting when of related mounting and screws included the the switch. They mounting the The following of the from the switch the right with the front facing mounting the mounting each of the the screws (included the mount through the and, screwdriver, the screws the mounting the the the the mounting to the mounting of the To this, the the mounting with the the mounting to four screws each that with the that mounting the (These screws or specified the of the
Network Station to the of the previous section; each to the switch with the Switch-to-Switch switch-to-switch using to another switch or backbone recommended. The to the or backbone the performance. Furthermore, as the switch and to building switch-to-switch connectivity. Network Application
PHY and One of the softwares to continuously the to the switch to whether the or and the what the and The every Flow the switch, (back Flow or from the interface. If the associated PHY to of Asymmetric If the connected to the the switch To that learned MAC of that the MAC permanently, the function the switch activated The the function the The from the command interface. The seconds. the to the function. VLAN Port-based VLAN statically. GVRP (Generic/Group VLAN supported. of EEPROM. (or statically. LACP supported. The of The software that and then reassign the other the group. Quality of Service and such as TOS, Shaper and to Quality of Service such as IP).
This section instructs to and the which RS-232 (out-of-band) the or the network (in-band). Factory IP: Gateway: Access the Switch (Out-of-band) The operating of the DCE flow attaching the RS-232 (Straight-through) to the of PC the then appear. username and to the The of the exactly the as the web-based interface text Attention: The factory and both the only allowed of the
To the switch through in-band access, should the with IP and with switch. and the IP as the URL the field. the and to the authentication. The factory and both the authentication the switchs appear.
On the what to clicking the located the top of the They VLANS Statistics Discovery Statistics
To the of switch, the the top of the If to the switch, the To the of each from to the the shows connected. To the statistics each and the
To the such as time-out and the VLAN To the of the Apply Items Functions The of the switch S/W To the Software H/W The Inactivity Timeout of the Switch IP the IP of the Switch the of Switch Gateway the of Switch The The the inactivity timeout seconds. The the timeout. Timeout seconds,
the IP the switch You the to the New IP with On this the the and the FDX Flow
To the of the Apply To the the refresh VLAN the LAN The that the to another without physically the There to to To VLAN entry, the clicking their respective boxes. the VLAN ID the Click to the Dont to the Apply to the To the entry, Select the to and to the PVID the as the VID, the To the entry, Select the to and the the to the VLAN, and each other, that the influence the others. than function Items Functions the of each red, it the Choose the of Half/Full. To the choose If to auto-speed, FDX Flow To the FDX Flow the To the length, the The the the performance The The
PVID the switch the to the VLAN to the PVID VLAN ID) of the Items Functions PVID VLAN ID To the PVID and of AWARE Block the Apply Dont to Click Apply to the
To the the the There that to the Apply to the The of There three to SMAC (Source MAC), DMAC (Destination MAC), and XOR.
There of Quality of Service to choose: TOS. Custom ToS To the performance applying the TOS, the of of this There to choose, high or This the type of Network Internetwork CRITIC/ECP Priority Routine Items Functions To the switch from to Priority Select the of the TOS
to from to (mirrored) to that the the VLAN as the to Apply to the Items Functions Select the switch from to to the to info Source To the the of the
Statistics To the of traffic, the Statistic You the Clear to records or Refresh to the Discovery and switches, the to search and those switches the LAN easily. Therefore switch LAN without those IP You only switches with the IP with the access. The of each Search Click the search to the switches. The IP of the switch appear. Click the to access. ADD the IP the text Click to the IP the Click the of the to Click to
To to Click the the Click to off the switch while To the switch, Click the the Click to off the switch while
Interface MDI/MDI-X RJ-45 switching RS-232 RJ-45 (10BASE-T): UTP/STP RJ-45 (100BASE-TX): UTP/STP RJ-45 (1000BASE-T): or UTP/STP Network Rate LED indications Memory 4K MAC 272K Memory FCC Class A, CE supply 5V 8A 100-240V/ 50-60H IEEE802.3 10BASE-T 100BASE-TX operation and 1000BASE-T IEEE802.1Q VLAN RJ-45 10/100M; 1000M link/activity C F)