FROM SERIAL NO: 481A001001 HANDBOOK: OWNERS HANDBOOK CODE 481A
MAIN FEATURES /SPECIFICATIONS Lead Cover Rear Deflector Clutch Throttle Assembly Height Height of Battery Decal CODE 481A MODEL XTL-45 12L887-1562-21 Unleaded Capacity SAE Capacity of Height of Specifications
Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Precautions Decal Assembling the Starting the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Friction Non-Grassed Throttle Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Battery Charging Trouble Shooting Declaration of Conformity Customer Info/Notes CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION Thank The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as contrary to the with and adherence to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other regulations to this of or injury. constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory every to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the furnish their warranty and services through their authorised to Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised or Freephone Service Record Service Record WARRANTY
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. using the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the emergency. allow or people with these instructions to the while or nearby. that the or occurring to other people or their property. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: specifically this the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where and while the Then the to and or or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when excessively of than when or the Stop the the other than the the guards securely and the or the the clutch the the with from the SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the the and the clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the Whenever the and screws tight to that the operating Frequently and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or
Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding of or grease. the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the using the Stop of Throttle SAFETY PRECAUTIONS STOP Stop and the Decal of thrown from the CS198
ASSEMBLING THE MOWER the from the and that the following items correctly. If items Warranty Card. Charger To off the to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the from the to and the to the operating Tighten both to the to that the become the Height Unscrew the of sufficiently to allow to to the or both to the height and the the the through the and the to the
MOWER BEFORE STARTING THE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified service SE, SF, SG SAE additives with recommended SAE 10W-30 used, this higher operating with high tion. It that the this of to serious To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the With the and the from with clean cloth. Screw the back then and to the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised to of to allow the FULL ADD 15C
OPERATING THE MOWER CS075 and that the freely. that the and ground clutch freely to their when released. Whilst operating the throttle should when the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast hand the clockwise and tion to crank the the release the and the throttle to the initially the The the to and the If the released the IMPORTANT: PREVENT ENGINE DAMAGE: the when the If the manually with the of the Allow the to and the throttle to the To the when the
the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the To the with the the tion required. To tight release the ground clutch apply the to the front ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch reduce the throttle and release the Emergency Release both ground clutch and together. If the to the throttle to the tion and the lead. To the than OPERATING THE MOWER Turning STOP
OPERATING THE MOWER of the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch height of to operating and to when the To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the tions which when the health and the location of these and that around them. the rear and the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the through the collecting that the to and overloading. Without Collection the and the with the rear the closed
of heavy should without collecting the If required, first the without the the height of Allow the to and then the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To than third of height The the friction to occurring to the crankshaft and when obstruction or encountered. the when obstruction or tion encountered. the and the ALWAYS to the areas, the and the to the height of to the OPERATING Non-Grassed THE MOWER Growth Friction STOP
LAWN CARE CALENDAR To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or February the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. March The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or combined the should It should to the this month as the combined action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. July Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts from from brushing of off the or The to the to right to the of the If the north-south then the should east-west The the To than third of the height LAWN CARE October November CALENDAR 1CG480V05A
MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or operation First the first hours the the from around the and the top and of the housing. from the and of the of and of or Every Season the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. wheels, and and grease the of and from their the clutch the or Every Season the or Every Season Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the
To the the to the Cowl Lead screws the and the to the throttle the front of the the outer screw and the to the as as screw the the the shown. the to the right touches the screw the throttle to the fast the and re-tighten the screw. the Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MOWER Throttle MAINTENANCE
MOWER MAINTENANCE Service the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of operation and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to cool. the while the the to its that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the Service To service the cleaner, screw and cover and of and Allow to thoroughly and clean If dirty, the servicing, the and the cover. the the of the cover the the of the the cover upwards and securely the screw to the base.
to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and recommended that this service authorised and from the immediately and its of To immediately. MOWER MAINTENANCE Service Clean
MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG480V36B Housing from the top and of the housing immediately To and top Thoroughly the immediately treated and from that and tight. or items immediately. Clutch the clutch every operating and necessary. The clutch correctly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as the when correctly
the and with every operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its and that the clean- of the the of the with the and the washer and the with A/F To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every years of or To to when turning the its MOWER MAINTENANCE 1CG480V33C
MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly the with the turned facing the the the washer and and to of slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the every hours or the from the and using and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to aged through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the the lead. the Charge the battery. the and of the and the the stated of as the the once to crank the This the and Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with the leads. Cover the with protective sheet and MOWER MAINTENANCE
MAINTENANCE MOWER WS032 Battery Charging PREVENT ACCIDENTS: ALWAYS charge the NEVER charge the or heat. ALWAYS switch off the electricity supply necting the from the battery. ALWAYS the charger with the Battery charging should The operation charge the battery. If the recharging the to Charge the when necessary. To recharge the battery: the from the and then the battery to the the charger to the electricity supply and switch to charge the hour Switch off the electricity supply and the charger Disconnect the from the and then the to the IMPORTANT PREVENT DAMAGE: NEVER the tery charger to the as this the charger to permanently Chargers this warranty. CAUTION PREVENT ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE: The This that the to authorised It of with
PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY released. then height of rough becoming Incorrect Obstruction obstruction. Battery Charge Service cleaner. or Clean cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. lead. Throttle incorrect. throttle to fast released. Clean and or Battery Charge Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with TROUBLE SHOOTING
TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch through the Clean the restricted Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty Airflow through the Clean the restricted too throttle to Inspect and as Empty too throttle to
CONFORMITY OF DECLARATION EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND that the CODE 481A Rotary of rotation: of of of the with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and Directive 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC Directive 2000/14/EC the (ANNEX VI) Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound Used: EN2921, EN836 and ENISO14982 HAYTER LIMITED, M.A. Wright Bishops (Technical Director) CM23 4BU ENGLAND VIBRATION INFORMATION information. RMS measured the CODE 481A
481A PARTS LIST ITEM NO Casting 480010V Plate Location RH 480083V 480084W 480085W Assy Throttle OPC B/S XTL45 APTO Decal 480186W Washer Decal Stop Washer Clutch 306094W Screw Bracket Clutch Screw Clutch Assy Inc. 486018W Deflector Rear Deflector RH Deflector Screw Hex. Coach HOC Deflector LH Plate Location LH 480082V Plate APTO Bearing APTO DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE
ITEM NO Screw Washer Screw Screw HOC Moulding HOC Throwplate Screw Bearing Housing W/A 480151W Tension Rear Washer Screw Shroud Teeth Rear W/A 480159W Inc. Washer Chain Connecting Plate Throwplate 480017W APTO Washer Washer Bracket Assy APTO Torsion Washer M12 H.D. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE 481A PARTS LIST
481A PARTS LIST ITEM NO Washer UNF Throwplate Friction 480070W UNF W/A Moulding Bearing Decal Warrant M8 Battery Short Battery Plate Battery Battery Battery Charger Screw Bracket HOC 480157W Torsion HOC DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE
481A PARTS LIST 1C481V01B Assy. Includes Items
CUSTOMER INFORMATION /NOTES Notes:
Direct Leaders Blower Chain Blowers Tractors Tractors Blowers Rotary Tractors Chain Chain Hedgecutters Rotary Sprayers Midgeater Collectors Hedgecutters Hedgecutters Sprayers UK UK Atco Spreaders Tractors Rotary Rally On Rally Tractors Rotary
Blowers Blower Three Great Tractors Discounted Discounted Spreaders Spreaders Tractors Discounted Selection Atco