(A) (English PART NUMBER: (A) CODE FROM SERIAL NO: ISSUE CODES 432E 433E 434E 435E OWNER'S HANDBOOK
(A) MAIN FEATURES SPECIFICATIONS Lead and Start-Grip. Clutch only) Rear Deflector. Assembly. Decal. Height of Throttle Specifications GCV GCV type GCV135EA2G7 GCV160EA2G7 type Unleaded type SAE Cutting height
(A) 1ST months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service Please this records. Please this records. 1ST months) months)
(A)
(A) Features/Specifications Introduction Warranty Training Preperation Assembling the the The Starting Turning Height of Without Collection Growth Non-Grassed or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season Service Service Service Clean Housing and Clutch Assembly Trouble Shooting CONTENTS Customer Information/Notes
(A) INTRODUCTION Thank purchasing The following to and service from IMPORTANT: This should as of the as information operation, and specifications. and this to operating the first with the and of If authorised who pleased to IMPORTANT: This other as to the with and to the of operation, service and as specified this of the This should operated, serviced and repaired who with its characteristics and who with the The this and other regulations to this of or injury. constructed and performance Correct and and satisfactory service life. to from factory to that Throughout this to and right as from the the of This based information the of publication. HAYTER LIMITED the right to without
(A) LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear sweeper/brushes, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the year service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised contained and the or Freephone WARRANTY
(A) SAFETY PRECAUTIONS Preparation This this to the of injury. the following and inform others. perfectly correctly. to the following serious injury. the the owners to the that with the and the of the Learn to the allow children or people with these instructions to the while or that the or occurring to other people or their property. While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING: highly specifically this and while the the from the or while the or when the Allow the to cool least to the or of the from the of and creating of
(A) fresh the and and securely. or fixing inspect the to that ately with the where the Then the to and or injury. or light. the where feasible. of footing the of and when of than when or the the the other than the guards securely and the or the the ground clutch the only) the with from the This which when and re-assembled, this should authorised SAFETY Preparation PRECAUTIONS
(A) SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the when the or or rotating or the while the the while the the or cooling when the Stop the and the lead: clearing or the cleaning/checking or the Inspect the and repairs If the to abnormally immediately). Stop the the throttle shutdown and turn off the of and screws tight to that the operating and cracks or and necessary. when the Inspect the and or crank the with the the with the air-cleaner or air-cleaner cover the with the within where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and the surrounding free of or grease.
(A) the and wear or or If the to this should and when the cool. Wear when and reassembling the or with to the of or fin- of injury. the the of STOP SAFETY Stop and the Throttle CS198 PRECAUTIONS of thrown from the
(A) ASSEMBLING THE MOWER 1C432A01 the from the and that the following items correctly. If items To off the to the and Unscrew the sufficiently to allow the to the to the operating Tighten both to the to that the become the the the through the and the to the
(A) THE STARTING BEFORE To the shipped without or The with the of and the high classified SAE 10W additives with this To the of that the the first hours of to Clean around the removing. With the and the from with cloth. the back the screw the and the The when the the DO NOT OVERFILL. clean, fresh Purchase that within with protection the of their which from authorised service to of to allow the MOWER FULL ADD
(A) OPERATING THE MOWER Starting On and that the freely. that the and (ground clutch freely to their when released. Turn the to the the throttle to the the throttle to the fast the and the with hand together with the With right the and then to crank the the to the when the the the to the If the to Trouble Shooting. and the with both to the the and the ground clutch to the the ground clutch the pushed. This when areas. If the released the
(A) To the with the the tion required. To tight (release the ground clutch apply the to the front wheels ground and the To the front of the when turn. the of the when the Release the ground clutch and the throttle to the position.Then release the Emergency If the to the To the than the height of to from the locking then forwards to or backwards to the height of Release the the and that of the notch of to operating overloading and THE OPERATING Height of MOWER Turning CS284 STOP CS146
(A) OPERATING THE MOWER Without Collection Growth To thoroughly inspect the and which when the become Inspect the which when the health and or to the the location of these and that around them. the through the and the to the of the To the the and the to the flow through the collecting that the to and overloading. the and the with the the closed To and to of heavy If required, first the the height of with the fitted. the height of and the as the obtained. To to than third of height
(A) the areas, the releasing the and the to the height of to the OPERATING Non-Grassed THE MOWER
(A) LAWN CARE CALENDAR February March July To as only. There to this month from brushing off the or the thoroughly. the to and and and apply necessary. The yearly really this month. as the ground the first The first should top the as this yellowing or browning. this month. often enough to patches of or increasing the as required. Treat with or combined feed the should It should to the this month as the action of clover Water the necessary, and to thoroughly. Treat the with the of or Water when and occasionally. the should each If weather and and the free, the the to ground
(A) and as necessary. cracks caused drought with of and weath- the to ground the height of to allow the to thicken and the from the winter frost and the thatch from the and the to and to casts free from from brushing of off the or To than third of the height CARE LAWN October November CALENDAR
(A) MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE or Every Season or Every Season or Every Season To the the to the Follow the hourly or whichever first. More service prolonged or when airborne or the first hours the the from around the the top and of the housing. from the and of the of guards and of the continuously operating heavy or high Service the cleaner. and and grease the of and from their the clutch the the Clean the cooling Clean often tions or when airborne or prolonged operation whilst the
(A) Lead cleaner. Should authorised should the to of that shown the Declaration of Conformity. MAINTENANCE MOWER 1C423A
(A) MOWER Service Service MAINTENANCE the the and that the to-Before Starting the and instructions. the the first hours of and thereafter to the the the empty. the lead. Allow the to the while the the to its right that the to the and the with of the recommended SAE to-Before Starting the To service the the release- top catches and from release. and If or the servicing, the the cover. the the of the cover the the of the base. the cover upwards the catches
(A) to as shown the the every hours or every season, whichever first. wrench from authorised service the with and Clean and from the including the the the top and the surround- the with cleaning. Water the with or and the cooling prolonged operation while The internal cool- and cleaning to overheating and that this service authorised from the immediately and its of To immediately. MAINTENANCE MOWER Service
(A) MAINTENANCE MOWER Housing 1CG480V36B Clutch from the top and of the housing immediately and top Thoroughly the immediately and from that and tight. or items immediately. the clutch every hours and necessary. The clutch rectly when the with the clutch from the Unscrew the and screw the or as necessary. Tighten the when correctly.
(A) the wheels, and with operating hours. Apply grease to the the of and from their outer the the the and the the and allow the to cool. Turn the its right and that the of the the of the with the and the the To the the The ALWAYS wear to when the DO NOT the to the of should the ALWAYS The of the and its mounting should of wear or that the or cracked. that of excessively and DO NOT that the the to the specified of the every years of or To to when turning the its MAINTENANCE MOWER
(A) MOWER MAINTENANCE Assembly 1CG480V25B the with the turned facing the the the friction washer and fixing and to of To the fixing slightly re-sharpened. Both sharpened to the hours or the from the and clean and Inspect the of both with to performance. that the balanced. screw with round to the through its the and then release. If the balanced the heavy the heavy the correctly balanced.
(A) To the the to allow to forwards to the to that the become the and the to through with the of to protected with or of to from the or To that the following adopted. to the section as necessary. from the operating the and from located the the the This the and and of Clean and from the head cooling top and around and Clean other of the and that the clean. the Treat with Cover the with protective sheet and MAINTENANCE MOWER
(A) TROUBLE SHOOTING PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Incorrect then Release rough becoming disconnected Obstruction obstruction. Service cleaner. or off. Turn to Clean height of off. Turn to cold. throttle to Incorrect/contaminated and with disconnected. lead. Clean and or Clean and or Service cleaner. Incorrect/contaminated and with
(A) PROBLEM POSSIBLE FAULT REMEDY Mounting Tighten ground of to height too Increase height Clutch of clutch through the Clean the restricted TROUBLE Tighten of crankshaft. the of the Inspect and as height too Increase height Empty through the Clean the restricted Inspect and as Empty SHOOTING
(A) PARTS LIST EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY HAYTER LIMITED, Address: Bishops CM23 4BU. ENGLAND that the Cutting of of the of of with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the and the Procedure the conformity ANNEX VI, Notified Sound Research House, Sudbury, CO10 0TH. ENGLAND Notified Measured sound sound with harmonized EN EN and EN ISO S.A Director) VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with EN CODE 432E CODE 433E CODE 434E CODE 435E CODE 432E CODE 433E Declaration and technical HAYTER LIMITED Bishops CM23 4BU ENGLAND CODE 434E CODE 435E
(A) NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Washer Thin HY09485 HY432004 Decal HY432009 Decal Decal HY412007 Throttle HY432006 HY226024 M6 P Washer M6. 305145W Stop. Screw Clutch 306094W Washer M6 T Screw M6 HY3966 Decal Rear Deflector HY432001W Screw M8 M8 T Washer M8 Decal of Rear Deflector RH Rear Deflector LH Deflector Rear. Deflector Rear. 432010W 433010W HY432003 Screw M5 Plate 432021W M8 Deflector Deflector Washer Bracket LH 433017W Bracket LH 435017W LIST PARTS
(A) PARTS LIST NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Bracket RH 433018W Bracket RH 435018W Cover HOC Connecting 432005W Connecting 433011W Connecting 434003W Connecting 435014W Rear 432027W Rear 433016W Rear RH 434014W Rear RH 435011W Rear LH 434015W Rear Rear M12 Screw Shoulder M6 UNF Washer HY4014 Washer M6 Plate HOC 432020W 432019W 433014W 435013W HY201026 Friction 480070W Friction 397042W 433006V 435007V Screw UNC
(A) NO. DESCRIPTION PART NO. QTY ITEM NOTE Decal Rear Clutch A/D Tension Gearbox Gearbox Gearbox Washer Gear Assembly LH Gear Assembly RH Washer Screw M6 MU710259 M6 Washer LIST PARTS
(A) PARTS LIST MOTIF BRIGGS STR ATTON
(A) Notes:- NOTES
(A) CUSTOMER INFORMATION GVC135EA2G7 GVC160EA2G7 GVC of