VERK front Workshop
WARNING! This incor- rectly. and instructions this Workshop the to and efficiently. WARNING! and from the rotating or to, or the cover that the switch off and that the WARNING! who know the or to repairs the WARNING! the without the of the Non authorised tions and/or serious and the of IMPORTANT! through the Workshop and the to repairs. Follow VERK LIST OF CONTENTS of instructions Working Technical Technical What what? Trouble shooting shooting and Microswitches and with CPU switch switch Trouble shooting chart English
Read through this Workshop to the that there stones, or other which the the to as Those with the or should allowed to the They should allowed to within the vicinity of, or the when the activated. to the when the with covers or the the switch WARNING! switch off the the switch inspecting, cleaning or carrying repairs. The should when carrying or repairs to the The when or to meas- ured. should then exercised. that the and the the that rotating balanced. The with These thrown household or with Those who professionally or such where such cluded, to and thereafter then to authority English VERK SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! switch off the the switch inspecting, cleaning or carrying repairs. the with the Switch off the using the switch when of the or the Carry the and with the the switched off the and the stopped. Carry the and with the the with covers, screws, or the to the instructions. and from the rotating or the front of the when than front of the the or around when switch off the the switch inspecting or cleaning the or carrying repairs. and the that too otherwise caused to the and batteries. the winter the should preferably the or four with the switch off and the nected. the section of the and switch off the switch when the the when the
Technical Cutting Cutting with three with Length/Width/Height VERK TECHNICAL DATA What what? Rear Cutting wheel and with Protective switch with English
shooting The should of least rounded and This those where the with the detecting from the Thereby to whether the operating to or the customer's the below), which with around fountains, should routed the and of least the to its function. If the commands F1-9 to increase then burying the shooting should least hour of charging (with the switch the off the of the to the through the Workshop and the to whether the easily rectified the or with the switch. English VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING of connected together daylight This the and the the the its to the and charge the The to the from the and thereby whether the the or whether approach- the when the light intensity too the and with every seconds. This the If the the the the the and to operating amounts of weather) allow the to to while amounts of that charges and then to of the If the to charge the this that the To the of the the should dismantled and the from the front and rear should measured. The should connected as follows: The from the to the from the front of the The from the to the from the of the The from the front of the to the from the of the the connected together the to the and connected to the X1 terminals and (red). the the the light intensity to however, measured from the front and the that the that the lowest faulty.
The of the then capacity. This that the and charges, the and once seconds, which the the of the should top the these to should cleaned and solution/hand when or and the season or with Great should when the to their and fragility. This when the turned when the height to the below). WARNING! The wear protective when with the or VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING and 12V AC with as the The from the connected to X1 the terminals the the of the tachometer which to the the the The to the of the If the the the the to areas that than the reduction the or its to its The height the height the coloured and the upwards or its mountings. The to the and thrown force. These mounted (coloured red) to allow them to easily attached to or from the The of the that the with the should English
DC with of to the forwards. The the to the tight turning and increase the to the increased traction. The which connected to the motors. The of the then the The from the connected to the tor X9 and X8 (right) the the The to the should V. and the supply These with The other three to the mounted top of the front the front the below, that the the field the The to the field: The should, with of of from the that the field, (with If the field beeps/sec. sounded. NOTE! The to The should the increase the as approaches the and of this front of the English VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING The to and If, the this and the possibly that from the beeps/second). The off and insulated the The of the that from the to terminals and the X1 the the C0) the which located the that the whether the too to and plate that when of 0.7V, which measured the the The that to The connected to the connected to X5 the
Microswitches The front spring-loaded These microswitches which integrated the the below) that the front with the The microswitches activated when the the front of the hits These to the that the to back The whether to straight back and then to the or right whether the right- hand, or both microswitches activated. If to whether the microswitches functioning as follows: that the microswitches click when the back. the cover plates the of the microswitches. that the and that they to the of the microswitch housing. that the microswitchs freely the the (the switch the earth (the and of the the microswitch. The should and the other. Press the backwards, the should the earth and the If than obtained then the microswitch and should Microswitch that the from the microswitch correctly terminals X1 the Right and VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING The to the the that concern, tion and whether occurred tions each ance measured using operations to the the the should connected 6V the 2.4V the The the to the the with to that the theft The as when the the or or partially This the the the that the field when the sufficiently to the It that the where If the charging and, this, operating reasonable to that the to replaced. The the should to operations, as with relatively reduce and completely the battery. If the whether the functioning correctly. Another that the when the the to charge. If the the field from the when or the the to replaced, Thereafter that the and the and that there The the charging seconds) of irrespective of whether the or English
The to the theft and to the security and to of the If the ceases to when the this to, to and/or light, the and the the The attached to the self-adhesive which why should when the and should using or white to the correctly attached. WARNING! The while fitted. and The together with the to that the and within. The of beeps/sec. the field the The to the the front of the or the and/or faulty. If the routed the around then this extinguish the field. and the the field. If the beeps/second of the this that this the Sharp the about field and this the English VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING Sharp of field. If the correctly connected should when the momentary switch the If the the of and the switch If heard then the correctly connected or there the the to the If the corroded, and that obtained. of the with the from the The should If established, (R=infinity), the and the ground and and only from The to the operation of the to the with functioning There with AC, that the field too that the and of the correct. Another to battery (allow to charge daylight). AC
with CPU The together with the CPU the and commands and selections the based the input the microswitches and the charge To whether operating to the least hour). That and of the allowing seconds to that the the blown and that they the The the and the earth measured and should the as the (The switch this the the with that know functions correctly. The the otherwise there of the NOTE! or with the with the to Static electricity the shooting, with the used, the A B. This only shooting and other shooting to the consists of that and correctly the and which why cleaning with and basic with inspection the reason The the of the that which the to interact with the The B0 B9, where B9 and B0 the If these the the DC to the to whether should sound. There the board, which If the to completely this This the the top of the this the heard when the VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING switch The switch that the when switched off. The the every the switch switched off, commands the tor's that the switch the from the and Accordingly, the tion should when the and the winter The switch its The should respective the of the switch. switch The switch located the the front and and that the the lowered. The switch the switch the and then lowering the this should heard from the relay the board and the beep/second) seconds. If hear this the switch correctly. If the temporarily the screws the switch. If the the switch information to the switch to service English
Charge Switch "off" Switch the switch The enough to the and then the should heard when English VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING sound Battery too when "B" that the the and then beeps/second). seconds This that the The cally when backwards "trapped" beep/second). This that the microswitches Other when "trapped" might or and then immediately The beeps/second. There enough to the properly. Charge another If this enough, the
Trouble shooting chart Observation beep/second The and backwards and The to charge when the VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING The the from the If this isolated caused from (fencing, or the vicinity. If the of island, to the routed the around the island and thereby extinguishing the If the morning caused the the The too The microswitches switch too easily, corners or the motors' or tachometer The Action that the the operating the the off or the the cover fitted. If the off the and service the the There that the too with AC. the that the to the instructions the tion the battery. the and reconnecting of the that the microswitches switch tractive force of 10N applied. the motors' board the board. the batteries. English
The The frequently. English VERK TROUBLE SHOOTING The from the enough. If this isolated caused from (fencing, or the vicinity. The sharply too The temporarily its and this as the switched off. The The The to when switched the off or the the cover fitted. If the off the and service Measure the the There that the field too with AC. the the that the the the the board. that the freely. whether something the microswitch and rectify.
switch VERK CIRCUIT DIAGRAM Rear Black Black Cutting Black English
Blower Chain tractors tractors Leaf tractors tractors Hedgecutters Tractors Blowers Patio Heaters Patio Heaters Patio Heater Heaters Christmas Direct, heaters, Tractor, tractors and hope the below further information www.GardenResources.co.uk Blower Chain Tractors Patio Heaters Tractors blowers Hedgecutters Rotary Blowers Rotary Patio Heaters Heaters Heaters Top Patio Heaters Patio Heaters UK Patio Heaters with Patio Heaters House Heaters