Instruction Notes Please this this This only. Children should this the of physician to This to It recommended that physician using this to the of physician. Please these instructions
PARTS IDEWTIFICATION Connector Memory Switch Straight Hose PLEASEREADTHESE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY Switch Arm
the battery cover from of four VA as shown, to the each battery. of recommended. cover. Notes four the appears the the than months without they and Memory cleared when or become exhausted. of the Arm Please and seated or location to to clothing the that the directly the Constriction of the caused reading. this completely the causing the constriction. the around the as shown the The of the with hose attached) should about inch the the that the hose the of the arm. the straight the of the hose the the the the
Measuring the the that the (preferably the arm). section Press the START/STOP switch. the START/STOP switch pressed, of the appear about second. the displayed, the If there the cuff, exhausted this The the cuff. The become tight. Dont alarmed, as this inch
If the START/STOP switch or the the and the released from the completed, the reduce the the and the appear with the reading. This with the of the monitored. The should while the operation. The to higher the insufficient. If the manually. Press the START/STOP and the shows to then release. The then from that If service. The displayed the of the the the of the and the the of the Connector Memory Switch Switch
Turning the OFF The turned off the START/STOP switch. If required, off the and the displayed, the ready Please about repeating the OFF Function If this off about It turned off the START/STOP switch. If the to appear the Please another the and to as as while the If please service the section of information. The the and /or heart of with or
of Condition/Cause Battery Memory Memory the the and as the turned off. The reading MEMORY when another the MEMORY the MEMORY as the MEMORY as M appears the of the when the MEMORY. another the of this appear the the MEMORY pressed, the reading appear once the with the M then the to the reading. the off manually the ON/OFF or when the Auto-off operates) the reading MEMORY, NOTE: Memory Memory cleared when the too to Memory cleared when the replaced. appears when the too the to properly over-writting the previous become or Corrective Action as as of the with the the
to Properly Measure and to to shirts or other tight-fitting the applying the from and these that continuously throughout the to the each too with the of recorded of of Please to another factors Emotional increase to and higher winter. Information What the force that the This force constantly as the heart the heart the reaches its highest This the heart the of lower. This the The of the of mercury, abbreviated, measured as and and written as throughout the It beaffected food of stress, of and other factors. This would as
What High Hypertension, or high where high of Untreated, hypertension serious including and heart To hypertension, the American Heart Association that reduce and and physical to Measure Home? the office the to become the reading. reading this of the to to This as the first reading food or every of readings. as to readings, this information greater of and the factors that Classifications of high without to established the World Health (WHO), as shown this chart
greatly both and seasonal These pronounced the hypertension Normally the while and its lowest the Precision the of this sunlight, shock or should Clean the with cloth thinner, or cloths). tightly the or the hose tightly as such treatment shorten the of the Specifications Deflation AA than RH +6OC, than RH (W) Approx C C o or which +4OC,
LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY This warranted from the of purchase and workmanship. If the to this to or without charge the option or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to Company, Inc. or its affiliated MODEL PLEASE DO NOT ADJUST YOUR MEDICATION WITHOUT CONSULTING AND APPROVAL BY YOUR PHYSICIAN. Appliance Service Station,
REPLACEMENT PARTS AND ACCESSORIES DESCRIPTION PART PRICE QUANTITY TOTAL Battery Instruction include and Please and below. to: Service Row,Purvis, MS or VISA: Circle Card VISA Card# Authorization