Health o BFM950 Professional and PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND SAVE This information about this operation. If purchased this others this or with the This Introduction Instructions Instructions Reading Instructions Educational Warranty If service required, to of purchase. service, Eastern through
Introduction The US that one-fourth of Americans abnormally high of known factor such health as heart high and of the U.S. deaths attributed to obesity! The Health o Professional and physical BODY FAT COMPOSITION and BODY WEIGHT. INDICATIONS FOR USE: The Health o Professional and the of and Composition: What It of and consists of bones, While everyone amount of to the heat insulation and other people they their when they increase their and their While of they the of within the the Health o Professional and allows the to both of these health factors. It The Health o Professional and (BIA). amount of from the footpads through the The through and The Health o Professional and the of or the height, and the Professional and the of the The of the that of the
L.. ..~.L_: BODY FAT COMPOSITION RANGES MEN to17.0 to22.0 to27.0 to to to to to to20.0 to to21.5 to31.0 WOMEN from and Edition. with of Wadsworth, of Thompson Learning. IMPORTANT! Please instructions to with features and operations the ACAUTION! of this recommended with (heart or other internal slightly higher or children with with with and other health and legs/thighs and straight when the POWER SUPPLY The Professional and 9V operation. the the back of the and 9V as indicated. If "L" "L" appears the the battery. ;-I-
Instructions The Professional and to the of to users. to input the height, age and Once the information to there to the Unit of the Professional and the the LCD should If the LCD seconds with- touching or the Professional and and the off. On the back of the platform, the of to or First Instructions the to the the SET appear. and the button. the user SET. to the the UP and DOWN buttons, the height displayed. Press to the the UP and DOWN buttons, the displayed. Press SET, .I.-- and to the the the GENDER the appears. Press SET. :I :..I ID, and displayed. user You ready to weight and easy operating instructions.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR WEIGHT READING: the the such as the the or right of the platform to the displayed. the and to and displayed. off the and the off automatically. NOTE: the appears E If E appear, off the and NOTE: It to the the to reading. NOTE: NOTE: It to and from to another, INSTRUCTIONS FOR BODY FAT ESTIMATION: the the such as accuracy. to appear the appears the the that and correctly the footpads.
and appear the seconds. BF and appear the The off of seconds. NOTE: Educational Professional and Work? Professional and BIA or The low-level through While the easily through to through The the the higher To simply, the the with height and to BIA affected food and tion, and of to regularly. about the long-term and health! Tips: with health or other to the of first thing the morning. Dont eat or hours the Dont or the long-term Once reach and once to healthy
Promotes Healthy Loss! Amy and both and pounds. Each of To Amy and fat-free reduced and At the of each pounds. Whats the from the chart, Amy actually and weight NOTE: The this to from or professional. Please with physician or or weight reduction Health o responsibility or third party. You health membership or to The to activity whether or and with slowly, then to of activity three to four stress, increase increase and and tone of the the burn! Thats right. while and while The build, the becomes to healthy of and thats know that the pound of and pounds of year as of the process? Building and healthy to life-long
or heart strengthening heart and while include or and To effective, reach and within heart as of heart To heart age from To heart heart If heart Heart Rate Heart Rate The American Heart Association recommends of three to four to or firms the and tones the While these which include weight and directly burn they The the easily burn and reduce professionals least of to three Tips: what to the and Choose and to to Working as both motivated. activity, and Through burning With and bone
already learned health and learn to and the from Professional and Every and ever-changing. Its to as as three pounds throughout the While this usually associated with slightly. Thats why to establish The first Professional and and this chart. You these to !G% easy! and then each the of of of Once numbers, ready to Professional and to reach The to and health building and healthy thin unhealthy of technically healthy. and Health professionals healthy as follows: than or or as of or .I L. ..,:-I.:
Measuring and weight together of of and reflects healthy to or of or isnt and cant Everyone fact, healthy. It cushions and insulates and It It It the when food If too would Too however, to serious health including heart high type osteoarthritis, and other and of How Right healthy to the thats right Healthy Years Years to to to to .-I
Healthy Health and isnt about counting or and eating right, regularly, and and together. Eat know actually too crash radically reducing Instead think and reduce the of eat or of where they from the throughout the as Eating Tips: than of from with than Instead, eat every and to Learn to food and follow recommended with activity Eat activity than where rigorous Follow the Food as to healthy, eating
Year Warranty DO NOT RETURN THIS PRODUCT TO PLACE OF PURCHASE Products, Inc. warrants that of years from the of purchase, this free from and workmanship. its option, or this or of the found to the warranty with or or If the with of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and the of purchase to warranty performance. service or products the right to or the and of this warranty. The warranty wear-of or from of the or disassembly, or other than the warranty cover Acts of such as fire, hurricanes and or caused the breach of or warranty or to the prohibited warranty of merchant-ability or to the of the warranty. other warranties or or or otherwise. states, or allow the or of or or tions warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights that or to Warranty Service to Authorization warranty service. Then, the with of the included. UPS or with to: Products, Inc. MS R/A# that properly to to the factory. Please allow four service. If covered warranty, or of or to to servicing or NOT LEGAL FOR TRADE to of Products, Inc.. Healthometer MS Rights