freePORT active PAS 058-E0146
Instructions Installation Precautions Conditions GROUND LIFT Switch and with DC or Battery Switch On Battery Charging Loading Cut-Off Connecting Sources and DC PDD Unit Microphones Microphones Microphones Microphones Mixing or Recording from the PAS TONE Rechargeable Battery Battery and Troubleshooting Performance Curves Product Specifications Warranty Information freePORT PAS
Warning! Warning! This operation. that the operating of the matches that of the (AC Instructions It absolutely that these instructions connecting and this K+H Furthermore, to follow these instructions the warranty. To years to these instructions reference. K+H this with IEC (SEC) then tested and operating To this instructions the only as repairs, or K+H or other authorized that the which this wired with the the of the exposed, touching to shock. If to to the of the the from and first. repairs, or other service of the when its with VBG authorized technicians with the involved. the the unsuspecting. with the IEC A) carrying high If this that to these and the themselves the and with interconnecting If to that the of exactly the type, and as the as the technical the of this "repaired" If of the specified type and hot-wire the the short-circuiting them. of the cover, and rear and therefore with "HOT" B). from touching heat or High known to hearing when to without The higher the the and the too to that high If to high sound of hearing protection. freePORT PAS
Installation: This clean, this to this anywhere or other near bathtub, or or through whatsoever or near this as around the to allow heat near the rear and the of the of inches from the The to and the mounting instructions of the or cover heat or the where the of sunlight, and from and other heaters of If this from (such as from vehicle it that the Please allow the to thirty connecting and To accessory with this that the mounting this platform, or If the to or To this from thunderstorm or from the from the freePORT PAS the to the that the switch the to off ("O"). the or supply that with the to to the supply: repaired. the that already other connected to The connected to to and that should freely
Rear items to the text freePORT PAS freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS Please and follow of the this It that these instructions and this Furthermore, to follow these instructions the warranty. To years, these instructions reference. K+H this with IEC (SEC) then tested and operating To this instructions, the only as repairs, or K+H or its authorized that the which the with If the where people then should with which attached to the carrying freePORT PAS active PA supply Conditions The the freePORT PAS active PA as follows: to F to C) or Transportation to F to C) If the of the below F C) the rechargeable permanently The freePORT PAS and of It however, and should or operated with or chemicals should The freePORT PAS installations. Temporary only within the and where directly with the the LRH/S accessory used. The coated temporary to they or
Attention! If amount of or the or the back or off of the with clean, cloth and allow the to least hours applying to the or operating or Mounting The freePORT PAS fitted, the with mounting or mounting. It mounted to the LST ground. With the LH the from to the LH mounting attached to the PAS with M8 thumbscrews and then with LH to mount to The then rotated and to the the Wall or Mounting the top of the M8 threaded spacing) attaching LH TV mounting to beams or light mounting with adjustability, the attached, the mounting the to LH mount The then rotated and to the the Positioning the that they: directly microphones as from the microphones as with or microphones the front of the or than the microphones relation to the The freePORT PAS the following AC AC with AC HZ with USA AC with USA to the supply: that each PAS matches the the of the ground from AC supply, the operated with ground The (supplied) match the AC outlet type countries. should the AC and the ground- freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS GROUND LIFT Switch The GROUND LIFT switch should to the GROUND If the PAS when connected to other the switch to the GROUND LIFTED reduce or the and the PAS from supply or battery) or inspecting the following 1A AC 2A AC 2A AC 6.3A the rechargeable with DC or Battery The "EXT BATTTERY VDC" the this Please the polarity as and the Incorrect polarity the internal then the PAS Switch The switch three On II On the switched On (to or II), there the (optional) built-in wireless used, the Switch to II to and to the charge. switching from to II (or first switch to and seconds switching to the otherwise, the Cut-Off activated activated, switch to and seconds switching to or II.). Battery charge connected to supply) Wireless On Battery charge connected to supply) Wireless Battery connected to supply)
If AC interrupted, the switch to Remote On switching of the AC switch the to On The On" while the On. The On as Charge" when the rechargeable the LED of charge LED than of charge Battery Charging Loading the the first or connected to AC months, to AC supply (with the On switch and charge the least hours. The Loading (red) while the the the Loading off and the built-in charging switch to The charging completely from the supply and the from of charge, smooth, to charge. The (when connected to AC while completely charged. Charging (with the On switch completely battery, approximately as follows: hours to hours to battery, the charging shorter. The internal recharge when the The built-in charger recharge connected to the EXT BATTERY recharging, the On switch to and the AC to AC supply. The with battery, connected to AC without to the battery. The to connected to AC when below capacity) and months, although recommended, without recharging. Battery to approximately years or recharge with memory Battery F C): recharge Capacity months months months freePORT PAS
PUSH Warning! freePORT PAS Cut-Off The Cut-Off that switch off the supply to the amplifier, the below the recommended cut-off If this switch the (to and immediately recharge the battery. Connecting Sources least of headroom. and and that or from XLR or and Balanced input balanced that to or should as follows: XLR Ground (shield) TRS phone Ground (shield) Unbalanced input input the to (TS) the to the and the Ground (shield) to the microphones or other that phone to INPUT INPUT ONLY the LINE INPUT the MIC or AUX and this to microphone when used. Connectors should as follows to previous Warning): XLR TRS TS phone (shield) shorted to shorted to Ground (shield) Ground (shield)
Warning! INPUT INPUT electrically XLR TRS The input with the switch to: AUX MIC to INPUT when the input switch the MIC or AUX microphones should connected to INPUT microphones or other that phone to INPUT INPUT ONLY the LINE INPUT the MIC or AUX and this to microphone when used. The the VOLUME INPUT INPUT XLR TRS The input with the switch to:: AUX MIC The MIC with section The LINE from or feed- from OB The the VOLUME INPUT INPUT of RCA from CD connected and the and right to The the VOLUME RF RF receivers (optional) wireless microphones the of the freePORT PAS Please to the instructions and of the receivers to the PAS The PAS the following of RF receivers: to or The the they however, the the to The the RF-RECEIVER VOLUME which as of the RF receivers that freePORT PAS
Warning! freePORT PAS and DC LINE OUT LINE OUT electrically XLR with the as shown section This of input connected to the PAS and as the input to other another active REC OUT REC OUT of RCA the which of input connected to the PAS and as the input to MONITOR SPEAKER MONITOR SPEAKER phone with RMS This the VOLUME DC OUT The PAS DC CD, MD or players recorders, RF receivers, that DC supply. The factory-set and the (internally) or VDC. The DC short-circuit-proof, and Correct polarity and both The PAS the polarity +DC and outer --DC) players recorders. First the information, polarity and DC connected to the PAS the rechargeable the PAS and the DC the reduced. PDD Unit The PDD63 (optional) the of the freePORT PAS Please to the instructions and of the PDD63 to the PAS or with characteristics, than as follows: If the PAS as and or from the FOH the to the should that the sound from reaches the the If the PAS or from the microphone users, the should that the sound from the and the of the microphone reach the the The PDD63 allows to the and the MONITOR SPEAKER The as using the easily the PDD63.
To clicks or thumps, the VOLUME or INPUT or the connecting or microphones or the input with the switch or Microphones If the from the the to inches when or from VOLUME the to INPUT and the MIC Then VOLUME to the Microphones If the than inches to the of high background VOLUME the to INPUT and the MIC Then VOLUME to the INPUT the MIC and AUX Microphones If the from the the to inches when or from VOLUME the to INPUT and the MIC Then VOLUME to the Microphones If the than inches to the because of high background the VOLUME or the to the INPUT or and the AUX Then the VOLUME or to the Mixing or connected to INPUT (electrically with or INPUT with These the INPUT to or it and completely isolated the ground. Recording from the PAS connected to the REC OUT and recording of connected to the PAS If the of the connected to INPUT playback), then VOLUME Turn the to feedback recorders while they recording freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS which feedback when the and connected to the TONE The PAS features three tone of the and High The to the tones of or the "SP" recommended as the then as based the acoustic reflective/non-reflective walls, reflective/resonant the to than the "SP" the should initially to the and then to the and The of and pronounced and It the where feedback recommended. the as the then to and High The High influence the clarity and of and or feedback too high. It to directly with the front of the when the High that the or clearly heard. and with microphones, to initially the High slightly below the then the to the that then with the High Rechargeable Battery The internal rechargeable high quality, maintenance-free, battery. battery, and oriented without The of these their high charge-capacity-to-volume to and to memory-effect (they recharged to completely they recharged). Battery recharging recommended each prolonged of the PAS400 with section information and life. Battery and and performance, the internal rechargeable should with of the recommended type. Defective and of as Please the authorized or or the internal battery.
sound POWER switch Mic POWER switch to receivers Sound Distorted Incorrect input INPUT or Turn VOLUME or and the input or PAS switches Battery to AC and recharge Feedback Microphone type or crackle or Defective microphone Troubleshooting VOLUME too VOLUME or to AC and recharge Microphone or wireless or Overheating from when or recharging relation to Reposition that they microphones microphones Mic too high Turn VOLUME or connected both to INPUT and to Turn VOLUME completely when REC OUT recording TONE too high Turn TONE or Defective connector(s) microphone to which or Defective microphone microphone or from and cooling or switch and the cooled freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS Performance Curves The acoustic performance of the freePORT PAS only heard, confirmed through examination of the The following performance of these The and the tone tailored the that typical PA (EQ) Curves The directivity the following directivity freePORT PAS The directivity shown the following directivity freePORT PAS
Active with horn-loaded internal and amplifiers each The either AC internal rechargeable (recharging built-in) or from VDC The includes built-in with input connecting balanced/unbalanced, and wireless/cabled three balanced), Record unbalanced) and Product Specifications Harmonic Distortion THD Sound THD with bass Woofer horn Charcoal (RAL textured, or optional Acoustic Woofer Amplifier THD Amplifier THD Amplifier THD Active High Sub-sonic inputs) Protection Woofer Distortion thermal INPUTS INPUT Electrically balanced, XLR TRS INPUT balanced, XLR TRS MIC AUX LINE MIC and AUX MIC AUX LINE freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS INPUT Unbalanced, RCA to RF-RECEIVER INPUT LINE OUT Electrically balanced optional), XLR REC OUT Unbalanced, RCA MONITOR SPEAKER On LED Battery Charge LED AC AC AC AC Battery VDC (rechargeable from built-in Battery VDC AC VA DC Amps VDC DC VDC A, short-circuit protected, or VDC (user A, short-circuit protected, Protection Class Class grounded chassis Rechargeable Battery Leak-proof, free Battery Charging From AC supply only: then switches to charge Charging completely battery: Battery With connected to DC and built-in RF receivers or operating: optional RF receivers to or Diversity built short-circuit protected hours to capacity hours to low-level
Conditions to F to C) to F to C) Not to or Optional LRH should to high or M8 threaded Top M8 threaded or RF Mounting to Mounting PDD Unit Mounting LH LH Connector LH LH (o TV LH C15 LST SR LRH Carrying LTR Trolley LRR hours hours Diversity freePORT PAS
freePORT PAS Warranty Information products of testing the factory. semiconductors mounted the board, they to rigorous Every to match its technical specifications within Please the If warranty service the its and together with of the and (freight to the or directly to: Customer Service warrants, that the free from both and and that the specifications. warranty only acknowledged when the the authorized or writing within or of the Not covered this warranty to operation, wear and tear, or The warranty the terms and It option to or to from the the warranty service required, of warranty necessary. of purchase of
freePORT PAS