IL www.healthometermedical.com Health o of Products Inc., FL ASSEMBLY OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS INSTRUCCIONES DE INSTALACIN OPERACIN INSTRUCTIONS DE MONTAGE ET MODE D'EMPLOI PHYSICIAN BEAM SCALE MODELS: 400KL, 402KL, 402LB, 402LBCERT, 402KLWH, 402LBWH BALANCE MDICALE FLAU MODLES: 400KL, 402KL, 402LB, 402LBCERT, 402KLWH, 402LBWH BALANCE DE BRAZO BASCULANTE PARA MDICOS MODELOS: 400KL, 402KL, 402LB, 402LBCERT, 402KLWH, 402LBWH
Assembly Instructions and should accordingly. to scratching the finish. assembling the force the assembled and properly instructions counterweight(s) 402KL; 402LB) and Wrench Instructions Healthometer Sortir instructions. 402KL; 402LB), Assembly Instructions of the four the resting top of and, the wrench provided, to with the four (included). the the the the the the the the beam with other hand. While this the the easily attached to the of Release the and the ready to NOTE: The of the assembly to the to the This assembly free floating the head. This through the the Head and the the upright. 402KL and 402LB only) To increase using the included counterweight(s), please to section the below. instructions attaching the wheel to 400KLWH, 402KLWH and 402LBWH, please to the Bracket Assembly included the Instructions fournis, Socle Accrocher Tout service. REMARQUE: fixation action 402KL 402LB inclus, section 400KLWH, 402KLWH 402LBWH, Instructions incluses base, 402KL; 402LB), Tire Enganche NOTA: base. 402KL 402LB) 400KLWH, 402KLWH 402LBWH, LIMITED WARRANTY What the Warranty LLC warranted from of purchase of or workmanship of years. If to function properly, the freight and properly to If that of or workmanship customers' or of charge. with or or If the with of or including repaired and covered the warranty Who Covered? The purchaser of the of purchase to warranty service. or products the right to or or the and of this warranty. What Excluded? warranty cover wear of or from of the following: or of the or to the operating instruction, including or unauthorized or alternations. the warranty cover Acts of such as fire, hurricanes and This warranty rights, and other rights that from country to country, to to or to To Warranty Service or showing of purchase. or to authorization of purchase to with telephone and of the the and with and to: LLC R/A#_____________ W. IL If covered warranty, or of or to to servicing or replacing. GARANTA LIMITADA LLC o o o o o o hacer o o o o o o o Ud. o o o LLC R/A#_____________ W. IL o o usted o GARANTIE LIMITE dachat, LLC fabrication, lachat service catastrophes service tout achat. LLC R/A#_____________ W. IL
402KL and 402LB only) 402KL 402LB counterweight only: If the of the and the (lower) the counterweight notch and the normally the and inclus To arrive the the the and and to the reference to arrive the If the of the and the (lower) the counterweight notch and the normally the and weights. inclus To arrive the the the and and to the reference to arrive the counterweight (402KL only): If the of the and the (lower) the notch (this with the of the counterweight). 402KL counterweight notch and the the the the To arrive the to the the the and the the If the weight of the the (lower) the notch (this with the of the counterweight). counterweight notch and the the the the To arrive the to the the Accessories: Accessory Height 402KL 402LB) (inferior) inferior, (inferior) inferior, 402KL): (inferior) inferior, (inferior) inferior, of counterweight of
Troubleshooting INCORRECT WEIGHT The of these when the factory within or pound. This that properly pound from each other and correctly. the the and the of the platform with the distributed as as If the the following: MESURE INCORRECTE DU POIDS plateforme, of Beam tout Service instructions Plateforme plateforme, Service instructions plateforme tout Un accrochage Un On conserver On bout On Un The beam balanced the to the of the when both that the seated the notch and the the shoulder of the the turning the screw the of the Beam Not the touching the of the its of Technical instructions the Platform Excessively or Corne of the should If please Technical instructions the platform. Beam Not This caused the to higher than the the to improperly connected (the that the or which the the of This of or wear the notches the beam of the the notches the of the and lengthen the of the The should with or the should to known to such as with Measures The the screw the of the the of the with wrench and outward the elongated to the indicated or (shorter) to increase the indicated One sixteenth inch of the screw the indicated pound pounds. PESO INCORRECTO o firme tornillo toca o o toca o incorrecta o o o oficial. tornillo o Un tornillo Instructions The should when following the instructions below and off to internal both The should and and the top or of the NOTE: If the the screw to correct. Conversion to to 400KL and 402KL only- both the and with of the wrist to the selected of to both match easy pound background; background. Instructions the and to the to the the centered. NOTE: It to the to to as the the the would eventually to the of the when the perfectly centered, as as within of the indicated reading of to the indicated reading of the The instructions toutes REMARQUE: tourner Conversion 400KL 402KL tourner REMARQUE: bouger correct. firme tocar o NOTA: tornillo 400KL 402KL NOTA: usted