(English From 149D RS 17/102H HERITAGE TRACTOR INSTRUCTION BOOK MANUAL PART NO: (A)
19 26 20 42
M6 M6
6 6 12
II
ON OFF
assembly and of operation, please the operating instructions and comply with them. Customer, You bought tested However, should reason please with stating the and LIST OF CONTENTS Introduction............................................................................... GB GB of indicated the GB GB Lawntractor.. GB Assembly................................................................................ GB operation.......................................................................... GB GB of operation..................................................................... GB and GB battery......................................................................... GB GB Trouble Shooting.................................................................... GB Warranty.................................................................... GB INTRODUCTION You purchased to thank the that products and hope that from with the operation the first please with the of these operating instructions. If the operated people without or to the of the Please to the Please to the instructions these operating instructions and to the instructions the to of the the information this to without the to or to the that the and operation of please hesitate to INTENDED USE This with of grounds or or forestry. Other of only with other as and of the and rejection of responsibility to the user of third the of the tractors: Please the the of lawnmowers. GB MEANING OF SYMBOLS INDICATED ON THE MOWER GB operating instructions of operation. other people of the the and Attention, and from the While other children and from the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the operating instructions with the of the People or people who the operating instructions allowed to the the when there others, or the The the third the of the The the other people or their property. Please these operating instructions The to the You therefore allowed to and roads with with of than the Preparations wear and trousers while barefoot or wear Completely the which the to and stones, wires, bones and other when to the WARNING! the this the the and when the The or topped while the or when the If the Instead, the from the with The or off the and the housing with cloth. the disappeared. or when that the or the reasons, the and the they The and the around the reach of to ATTENTION: of to the the or the or to or with ones. that the of to rotations of the other when with than examination the immediately, with to the GB Instructions The combustion operated which of daylight or Please about when allowed to the operating tractors). the switch off the the and the Please that there with to should: or or the the clutch slowly, the clutch depressed, when the the and tight to hills, and other invisible to the of than to when or the of roads. the tractor, to (branches, which the Switch the off when off the to the highest tractors with housing or protective the seat: switch the off and the to switch the off and the the the off and the or the or obstructions the or cleaning the or other it to the and the repairs the to severely, necessary. whenever the or with the The basic of the the factory and and the switch Chapter "Starting the that from the the when or turning the the front of the and of the of the rotating other people from the when the with without or GB
Instructions and that the and screws tight. when of the housing and the Wear protective the tractor with the building which possibly with or with of the the Allow the to cool the the of fire the and the free of and grease to that the satisfactory or immediately. and only mounted the tractors this to the instructions. This the to the and the performance of tractor. Please that the and of the authorised would that to the Product caused as of repairs authorised service or ORIGINAL SPARE PARTS as GB Lawntractor The lawntractor To the the Please follow the and the respective wheel locks. The to the of the to the the section of these operating instructions. top. and off upward. and front laths. the highest operating instructions height tractor and off of and properly. the from with the mounting GB
ASSEMBLY The following assembly the first operation: of the of the of the seat. Assembly of the the to the tractor. Attention! operation operation) assembly strictly of The information (right, top this to the of from the seat. The of assembly to with, as otherwise function guaranteed. Please The stated to the of the such as the to the the illustrated the front. both front tractor slightly and to front washer wheel washer washer and washer screw/bolt cover Rear both wheels. tractor to wheel heard to from 11 the the GB washer and each first washer and cover Assembly of the the front straight the of the about the bore of the wheel the wheel the the the to the seat. the round of the the free bore of the Turn the wheel the round through the bore of the wheel. with wheel with the the the seat Unscrew the to the the screw M8 bushing screw screw M8 the seat the and the screws of the wrench The seat the screw GB
Assembling the the of the Screw the of the the of the both head screw self-locking Attention! the hand to with to the fixing of the the screw head! Screw the the head screw self-locking the the of the Attention: The of the upwards. the the the screw and screw the of the together with the and of the the the screw head. Carry this both the the the right-hand of the Screw the the switch the counter-sunk screw Attention! that the of the as shown. Screw the and right" screw Attention! The of the with the of the GB Screw the the screw self-locking the and screw the head screw self-locking the the screw head. the ( through the of the and the of the Attention! The the both of the Thread the the the shown and screw tight. Carry this both bushing self-locking Attention! the to such that the Assembling the the tractor the the hand. With the other the the of the the holding and forwards the the bearings. Attention! The arrows the and the seat match. If the the and the seat too the the screws the shown the forkhead of the the of the back the bores flush. the through the forkhead and the and them. Carry this both GB
GB FIRST OPERATION The tractor operation when the assembly completed. The with which operated the seat the and the The the the seat, the operated and the switched off. The switched off the off without operating the the off with the the or with the with and the the of the Gently the the of the and with the the first operating instructions of the the lead-free. TAKE CARE WHEN POURING FUEL IN the the when the or or to that to the housing or the If the the from the with The or off the and the housing with cloth. the disappeared. the the the PSI The without using foot-pump. of the Should nevertheless the the first operation of the tractor. the operation, the the re-charging without than months). Charging the battery: and Service". charging this and gas-tight with charging specifically this purchased from If charging used, the charging and the charging V. If there higher charging there of the exploding. The Used and of the of the or the to the of these OPERATING ELEMENTS The with the to as effectively as the should switched to Light switch the light switch to switch the headlights To the the the and to the right to "II". as the of the (ignition to "I"). To switch the off, the then the switch The operated with this switch. Switch switched Switch switched off GB
of the the Clutch "Clutch If the the clutch If the completely the clutch and the of the operated. With the completely the locked the function the to the (with the of the the the the to the Switching infinitely infinitely and Switching With the switching and switched. of height The or lowered with the to from higher to the the of the to to reach higher the upwards the GB START OF OPERATION Starting the IMPORTANT! the each of operation. and this reason, the or the seat. the right-hand (clutch/brake) right possibly with the The switched the throttle CHOKE the with "HONDA the the throttle the CHOKE If of the throttle to the FAST If the the throttle FAST the the ignition Turn the to the right to "II" the of the (The to "I" should about seconds that the strained unnecessarily. as the the throttle and The should the switched the Switch off the the the necessary, the Turn the to the to If the or the and the with the tractor the the the or With the or the first of the tractor, that choose or the to MIN. To motion, release the clutch/brake IMPORTANT! switch the while The tractor stationary to GB
Press the right-hand completely to Switching the switch the with the the the the height. the switch "I". IMPORTANT! switch the the should to the highest height. Switching the off the switch The switched off both and IMPORTANT! rotating slowing and Therefore, and from the the height The and lowered with the to the right of the seat. height with height and Allow the to the height required. of the height both and IMPORTANT: the highest switching the when without GB without traction IMPORTANT! with the switched off and the stationary! the switch Release the or the and Release the The tractor without difficulty. and to the traction to the of the thick and cutting: The from without thick and and without the height about This to the of the height or with higher The thing to with to the first the to height and to the height the when Please the following information: with of than when the or strongly. when the GB
Emptying the The from the seat. IMPORTANT! the acoustic heard. The should the Switch the off acoustic off. Empty the Press the locking the locking backwards the upwards hand. the of to completely. If the or with the switched the Closing the Press the locking the locking forwards the hand the lowest locking IMPORTANT! If the properly, the switched CARE AND MAINTENANCE Cleaning the to properly, the tractor cleaned regularly. each clean from the and the GB the off the tractor. The the off the tractor. Clean the from the with of If necessary, the of the with Housing The and the cleaned with with high- cleaner. the the and the Water the to of and to the of the bearings. To and of cloth, the with Penetration of the (switch, operating to The ease of of the of the height cleaning. The another. The attached to the housing. The cleaning. The off the screw the and right of the IMPORTANT! There each screw. backwards through the Thoroughly clean the and the The back and resharpening the At the of the season the or, the with the or service of Unbalanced the to of GB
On the there hose coupling. The cleaned the cleaning process, the or accessory fitted. the to the lowest the Switch the the hose to the and the the cleaned. the to to the Clean the and to MAINTENANCE AND SERVICE service and cleaning only when the turned off and cooled and the The following the himself. the other service and service each each the first hours of Clean the the the the the Clean the Clean Clean and from Clean cooling of high and high shorter than those stated the necessary. GB Checking service necessary: with the the to the performance the straighten) the the straighten) there the there to the GB hours of operation hours of operating instructions of the each
to the ease of of the moving the following hours of operation. right and with grease Bearing of the front the with Gear and with grease and with grease of the the front and of and bearings: of and as as the with operating instructions of the The the the suction purchased from IMPORTANT! of with the or the ground. of groundwater punished. authority where to of and the operating instructions of the The as life-time of the factory. the the the PSI The without using foot-pump. GB and firm base. the with the and with the the of the wheel to and of of the chassis. the off with screwdriver and the the wheel off the IMPORTANT! the when the off the back together, grease the with customary grease. STARTER BATTERY The found the of the the factory. Further charging necessary: the winter the than months). IMPORTANT! charging this and gas-tight with charging specifically this purchased from IMPORTANT! The charging of the charging and the charging V. If there higher charging there of the exploding. GB
Charging the IMPORTANT! The the the charging to the and the to the the battery. to the polarity: Function of the charging operating instructions charging the battery. the the cool, 15C). below should charging to charge the battery. The the of burnt or DANGER OF EXPLOSION. the battery. The burns to the and clothes off with of straight the the clean. with cloth. thinners or the and grease them with grease. GB winter the of the season, the thoroughly. clean the with with high-pressure cleaner. the the and the To and of cloth, the the and the operating instructions of the Completely charge the battery. the frost-free If there of frost, the and frost-free If the the than month), the earth from the battery. the it than months. inspection of the the winter of the IMPORTANT! the with trailer), the to the the IMPORTANT! The to protected the of the weather, and of sunshine. GB
TROUBLE SHOOTING FAULT POSSIBLE CAUSES REMEDY performance With from each of clutch and the authorised service of the the the the fresh from clean the Clean the operating instructions the Clean the possibly authorised service "flooded" to repeated to Unscrew and off. or Charge switch seat functioning the seat correctly switch functioning Press the right switched Switch the off (5A) of the too or too Correct the backwards channel/mowing Clean channel/mowing Switch the off and the Clean the information) the authorised service authorised service too high traction worn, or reground authorised service Incorrect height height too to too high wheels to too height too and too heavy to the off the flow authorised service too the flow Clean the of Clean the channel/mowing cuttings GB to operating without traction) technical height height GB
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the and (where their warranty and services through their authorised to "Engine/Battery Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, Option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty, the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised Option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If Information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to: HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire. CM23 4BU. UK ONLY: of authorised or Freephone Year Year Service Service Record Record DEALER STAMP DEALER STAMP GB WARRANTY GB
EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY AL-KO A-8742 AUSTRIA that the lawntractor: RS 17/102H 149D of Motortyp: OHV AVS of rotation of sound sound NOISE TESTED AT TV Tested: that the lawntractors, conforms to the specifications of the following EC 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and 2000/14/EC the 89/336/EEC 92/31/EEC 2002/88/EC Used: EN292, EN836 and ENIS014982 (Director) VIBRATION INFORMATION Lawntractor information. RMS measured the CODE 149D GB DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY GB