(English From 148E HERITAGE TRACTOR INSTRUCTION BOOK RS MANUAL PART NO:
19 26 20 42
10,5 30 10,5 19
II ON OFF
assembly and of operation, please the operating instructions and comply with them. Customer, You bought tested should reason please with the and LIST OF CONTENTS Introduction GB GB of indicated the GB GB Lawntractor GB Assembly GB GB GB of GB and GB GB winter GB Trouble Shooting GB Warranty GB INTRODUCTION customer, You purchased to thank the that products and hope that from with the operation the first please with the of these operating instructions. If the operated people without or to the of the Please to the Please to the instructions these operating instructions and to the instructions the to of the the information this to without the to or to the that the and operation of please hesitate to INTENDED USE This only with of grounds or or forestry. Other of with other as and of the and rejection of responsibility to the of third the of the Working hours tractors: Please the the operation of GB MEANING OF SYMBOLS INDICATED ON THE MOWER GB operating instructions of operation. other people of the the and Attention, and from the While other children and from the
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS the operating instructions with the of the People or people who the operating instructions allowed to the the when there others, or the The the third the of the The the other people or their property. Please these operating instructions The to the You therefore allowed to and with with of than the Preparations wear and trousers while barefoot or wear Completely the which the to and stones, sticks, wires, bones and other when to the WARNING! the this the the and when the The or topped while the or when the If the Instead, the from the with The or off the and the housing with cloth. the disappeared. or when that the or the reasons, the and the they The and the around the reach of to ATTENTION: of to the the or the or to or with ones. that the of to rotations of the other when with than examination the immediately, with to the GB Instructions The combustion operated which of daylight or Please about when allowed to the operating tractors). the switch off the the and the Please that there with to should: or or the the clutch slowly, the clutch depressed, when the the and tight to hills, and other invisible to the it of than to when crossing or the of roads. the tractor, to (branches, which the Switch the off when off the to the highest tractors with housing or protective leaving the seat: switch the off and the to switch the off and the the the off and the or the or the or cleaning the or other to the and the necessary repairs the to severely, necessary. whenever the or with the The basic of the the factory and and the switch Chapter "Starting the that from the the when or turning the the front of the and of the of the rotating other people from the when the tractor with without or GB
Instructions and that the and screws tight. when of the housing and the Wear protective the tractor with the building which possibly with or with of the the Allow the to cool the the of fire the and the of and grease to that the satisfactory or immediately. and mounted the tractors this to the instructions. This the to the and the performance of tractor. Please that the and of the authorised would that to the Product caused as of repairs authorised service or ORIGINAL SPARE PARTS as GB Lawntractor The lawntractor To the the Please follow the and the respective locks. The to the of the to the the section of these operating instructions. top. and off upward. and front laths. the highest operating instructions height and off of and properly. the from with the mounting GB
ASSEMBLY The following assembly the first operation: of the of the of the seat. Assembly of the the to the tractor. Attention! operation) assembly strictly of The information (right, top this to the of from the seat. The of assembly to with, as otherwise function guaranteed. Please The stated to the of the such as the to the the the front. both front slightly and to front washer wheel washer washer and washer contained screw/bolt cover Rear both to rear wheel heard to from 11 the the GB washer and each first washer and cover Assembly of the front straight the of wheel washer toothed washer with cover the seat Unscrew the to the the screw M8 bushing screw screw M8 the seat the and the screws of the wrench The seat the screw GB
Assembling the of Screw the of the the of the both head screw Attention! the to with to the fixing of the the screw head! the the of the Attention: The of the upwards. the the the screw and screw the of the together with the and of the the the screw head. Carry this both round ( through the the GB the round which of the and screw together with the screw Washer Self-locking M6 crosswise and screw to screw Washer Washer Self-locking M6 washer the screw head! through from Screw self-locking with (SW required). GB
GB FIRST OPERATION The when the assembly completed. The tractor with which operated the seat the and foot The the the seat, the operated and the switched off. The switched off the off without operating the the off with the the or with the with and the the of the Gently the the of the wheel and with the the first operating instructions of the the lead-free. TAKE CARE WHEN POURING FUEL IN the the when the or or to that to the housing or the If the the from the with The or off the and the housing with cloth. the disappeared. the the the PSI The without foot-pump. of the Should nevertheless the the first of the tractor. the operation, the the re-charging without than months). Charging the battery: and Service". charging this and gas-tight with charging specifically this purchased from If charging used, the charging and the charging V. If there higher charging there of the exploding. The Used and of the of the or the to the of these batteries. OPERATING ELEMENTS The with the to as effectively as the should switched to Light switch the light switch to switch the headlights To the the the and to the right to "II". as the of the to "I"). To switch the off, the then the of the the foot foot switch Right hand foot Clutch GB
Foot the foot switches the It to the foot from the as the of the foot to the Foot right "clutch If the the clutch If the completely the clutch and the of the operated. With the completely the the function the to the (with the of the the the locking the to the Switching infinitely infinitely and Switching With the switching and switched. of height The or lowered with the to from higher to the the of the to to reach higher the upwards the GB START OF OPERATION Starting the IMPORTANT! the each of operation. and this reason, the or the seat. the right-hand (clutch/brake) right possibly with the The switched the throttle CHOKE Starting the with "HONDA the the throttle the CHOKE If of the throttle to the FAST If the the throttle FAST the the Turn the to the right to "II" the of the (The to "I" should about seconds that the strained unnecessarily. as the the throttle and The should the switched the Switch off the the the necessary, the Turn the to the to If the tractor or the and the with the the the the or With the or the first of the tractor, would that choose or the to MIN. To motion, release the clutch/brake IMPORTANT! switch the while The tractor stationary to GB
Press the right-hand completely to Switching the switch the with the the the Press foot slowly, that the occurring the foot required. the IMPORTANT! switch the the should to the highest height. Switching the off If the foot locked, that the off. Then foot off The switched off both and IMPORTANT! rotating slowing and Therefore, and from the the height The and lowered with the to the right of the seat. height with height and Allow the to the height required. of the height both and IMPORTANT: the highest height: switching the when without GB without traction IMPORTANT! with the switched off and the stationary! the switch Release the or the and Release the The without difficulty. and to the traction to the of the thick and The from without thick and and without the height about This to of the height or with the higher The thing to with to the first the to height and to the height the when Please the following information: with of than when the or strongly. when the GB
Emptying the The from the seat. IMPORTANT! the acoustic heard. The should the Switch the off acoustic off. Empty the of the with the of the and To the completely, If the or uncoupled, when the switched the GB CARE AND MAINTENANCE Cleaning the to properly, the cleaned regularly. each from the tractor and the the off the tractor. Clean the from the with of If necessary, the of the with Housing The and the cleaned with with high- cleaner. the the and the Water the to of and to the of the bearings. To and of cloth, the with of the (switch, operating to and resharpening the At the of the season resharpen the or, the with the resharpened or service of Unbalanced the to of GB
On the of the hose coupling. The cleaned connecting the cleaning process, the or accessory fitted. the to the lowest height. the Switch the the cleaned. the to to the Clean the and to MAINTENANCE AND SERVICE service and cleaning only when the turned off and cooled and the The following the himself. the other service and service each each the first hours of Clean the the the the the Clean the Clean Clean and from Clean cooling of high and high shorter than those stated the necessary. GB Checking service necessary: with the the to the performance the straighten) the the straighten) there the there to the GB hours of hours of operating instructions of the each
to the ease of of the the following hours of operation. right and with grease Bearing of the front the with Gear and with grease and with grease of the the front and wheels dismantled of and bearings: of and as as the with operating instructions of the The the the suction purchased from IMPORTANT! of with the or the ground. of punished. authority where to of and the operating instructions of the The as life-time of the factory. the the the PSI The without using foot-pump. GB wheel and firm base. the with the and rolling with the the of the wheel to and of of the chassis. the off with screwdriver and the the wheel off the IMPORTANT! the when the rear off the back together, grease the with customary grease. STARTER BATTERY The found the of the the factory. charging necessary: the winter the than months). IMPORTANT! charging this maintenance-free and gas-tight with charging specifically this purchased from IMPORTANT! The charging of the charging and the charging V. If there higher charging there of the exploding. GB
Charging the IMPORTANT! The the the charging to the and the to the the battery. to the polarity: Function of the charging operating instructions charging the battery. the the cool, 15C). below should charging to charge the battery. The the vicinity of burnt or DANGER OF EXPLOSION. the battery. The burns to the and clothes off with of straight the the clean. with cloth. thinners or the and grease them with grease. GB winter the of the season, the thoroughly. clean the with with high-pressure cleaner. the the and the To and of cloth, Empty the the and the operating instructions of the Completely charge the battery. the frost-free If there of frost, the and frost-free If the the than month), the earth from the battery. the than months. inspection of the the winter of the IMPORTANT! the tractor with trailer), the to the the IMPORTANT! The to protected the of the weather, and of sunshine. GB
TROUBLE SHOOTING FAULT POSSIBLE CAUSES REMEDY performance tractor With from each of clutch and the authorised service of the the the the fresh from the Clean the operating instructions the Clean the possibly authorised service "flooded" to repeated to Unscrew and off. or Charge switch seat functioning the seat correctly switch functioning Press the right switched Switch the off (5A) of the too or too Correct the height. flow backwards channel/mowing Clean channel/mowing Switch the off and the Clean the information) the authorised service authorised service too high traction worn, or reground authorised service Incorrect height height too to too high to too height too and too heavy to the off the authorised service too the flow Clean the of Clean the channel/mowing GB to operating without traction) technical height height GB
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the and (where their warranty and services through their authorised to "Engine/Battery Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, Option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third year) of the three warranty, the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the year service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised Option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If Information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to: HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire. CM23 4BU. UK ONLY: of authorised contained or Freephone Year Service Service Record Record DEALER STAMP DEALER STAMP GB WARRANTY GB
GB DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY EC DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY AL-KO Address: AUSTRIA that the of of with the of Directive: 98/37/EC Health to the Construction of and as and the regulations Directive 89/336/EEC as and the Directive 2000/14/EC the and the regulations Procedure the conformity ANNEX VIII. Notified TV Measured sound sound with harmonized EN EN and EN ISO (Director) Declaration and technical AL-KO D-89359 VIBRATION INFORMATION The the measured with EN CODE148E than Seat than RS CODE 148E GB