RT380H Tractor with Recycling/Side 135E C G006889
Introduction this information to learn to and properly and to and You operating the properly and Whenever service, or information, Authorized Service or Customer Service and the and of ready. the location of the and the and location This and the which that serious or death follow the recommended This to highlight information. to mechanical information and information worthy of Limited, G008144 Introduction.................................................................2 Rotary Sound Sound Chart and Instructional the Checking the the the Seat............................................. Activating the Battery Checking the the the Lubricating the Tractor Checking the Interlock the Checking the Checking the Traction Product Operation................................................................... and the Positioning the Seat the Headlights.................................... the (PTO) the Height-of-Cut the the the Interlock Testing the Interlock the Tractor Manually or the Tractor........................................... or the Tips................................................... Recommended Schedule(s) Lubrication............................................................. Greasing and the Tractor.................. Servicing the Servicing the Servicing the Rights
the the Servicing the Battery........................................... Servicing the Servicing the Headlights Checking the Servicing the Cooling Cleaning the Cooling Servicing the the Servicing the the from the Front-to-Rear the of the Troubleshooting......................................................... Schematics Rotary and the of this operating the tractor. The following instructions from the CEN EN This of and and of throwing follow instructions to serious or death. the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the regulations the of the while or that the or or occurring to other people or their property. should and professional and instruction. instruction should the and when with of the of the The reasons of too fast; the type of its of awareness of the of ground incorrect hitching and Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing
Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the Warning specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of and securely. inspect to that the and assembly or or and to On as rotating other to the where or light. to the clutches and of than when hills; when uphill; when there such thing as To or when or clutch slowly, when should and tight and hollows and other the of the the this when or using heavy hitch to those sharply. when counterweight(s) or when the instruction Watch when crossing or Stop the rotating crossing other than using of allow the while operation. the with or without protective the or the the increase the of injury. the the take-off and the attachments; and the the and the to the and the wire(s) or the clearing or cleaning or the Inspect the and repairs restarting and operating the the to abnormally immediately). to when or Stop the and to the catcher; height from the
the throttle and, the with shut-off the off the of attachments. The warranty the with and and screws tight to the the with the building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and of or grease. or If the to this should On as rotating other to to or the mechanical used. Sound This sound the ear of based of EN and ISO Sound This sound of based of ISO This hand/arm of based of EN and EN This whole of based of EN and EN
Chart
and Instructional Decals and instructions easily to the and located of that or Crushing handread the instructions servicing or Indicates the as from the the brake/clutch and the to and release the brake/clutch and clutchto the brake/clutch Traction the of the traction and to the top of the traction and Warningread the Warningremove the and the instructions servicing or the than of thrown from the of or foot, thrown from guards and shields
Warningdont the with the or the of or foot, from Warningdont the with the or the of or foot, from Thrown from the Thrown the of or footstay from of the while children children from the to EngineStop Headlights
the to the instructions the servicing or the to the the Warningto the tractor, than greater than or than take-off (PTO) or of these from the battery. fire, or Wear protection; and other Battery or burns. Wear protection immediately with and fast. the lead; Battery
the chart below to that shipped. Procedure Qty. the wheel the wheel. the seat. Flat-washer inch) the the wheels. the the tractor. the interlock the the the traction and Additional Qty. the interlock operation operating. of Conformance CE wheels washers (as required) washers Seat (purchase separately) the front the battery.
the this washers (as required) washers Procedure the washers the the the with the facing the washer the washer the through the and the of the If the the washer(s) as the the of the through the of the tractor. Grease the wheel the grease of the bearing Checking the Procedure that the the front and the the the this Procedure the front that they straight the wheel the and the the with the the From the seat should to the the
wheel the or through the the wheel and the the the the with the of the wheel the Seat this Seat Flat-washer Procedure the seat the seat shoulder through the the of both Seat Seat switch Shoulder Seat and washers Thread the and washers through the and the the seat the seat and the the seat switch to the that the pinched the seat Activating the Battery this (purchase inch) Procedure Purchase with from supply the with while the the tractor. other and them. the and from the tractor; to the Battery
Battery that and others. and with or clothing. Wear to shield and to the where flushing the Follow instructions and comply with the the from the battery. each the to the the the and the chassis. to the necessary, the to the the the Charge the to to or to overcharge the battery. Charger Negative Charger Charging the battery that the and and from the battery. the the from the then the charger leads from the the and the and the the inch) and wing the to the Battery Checking the Procedure the and the tractor, the the crankcase; to Checking the
the this Procedure Mount the the with the wheel and the height both the Procedure the from the and the The that the the to the the Tractor Procedure that of the the lubricated; to Greasing and the Tractor Checking the Interlock Procedure the interlock to Testing the Interlock Operation. the Procedure and the performance, the trapped the tractor to the the
the and the traction seconds, then seconds. this the the and the tractor about then about this Checking the Procedure that the properly. If the when the traction pressed, the With the tractor the the and the traction then release. the traction to then release. If the tractor while the the following to the to to the the (PTO). the Stop the and to the the right wheel off the ground and with that the wheel the ground. Mechanical or to the tractor and serious when the tractor. To to the to the screw the screw the and throttle. the both the where the rotates or the with wrench that and the screw to to to Stop the and to the the tractor from the the
Checking the Traction Procedure If the too or with the traction to the and as follows: the screws below the right the or Traction screws Tighten the screws. the traction Product with the the and the tractor. wheel Height-of-cut Light switchon/off switch Throttle (PTO) light Traction interlock switch
the and right of the from the operating and and highly fire or from and others and property. the when the cold. that the completely to the the to inch to below the of the This the allows the to expand. when and from or where the and of the reach of than supply of the ground from vehicle vehicle or or because or the and the of charge. from the or and the with its the ground. If this such or from from If the with the of the or the to the following It fresh to the
It cleans the while It the which additives containing or the amount of to the effective when with To the chance of the the the Stop the the and to the operating Clean around the and the to the the to inch to below the of the the completely The the allows to expand. the securely. that Checking the Service each or the and the tractor, the the crankcase; to Checking the the the whenever the tractor or the the and the and foot off of the The should the (locked) Releasing the the The should release. release the Positioning the Seat The seat and backward. the seat where the of the tractor and the seat and the the seat to the and the the Headlights dash-mounted On/Off switch the headlights. The lights only while the and the switch On.
the (PTO) The (PTO) and to the clutch. the (PTO) Press the clutch/brake to the tractor. the (PTO) to the (PTO) Press the clutch/brake to the tractor. the (PTO) to off the Height-of-Cut the height-of-cut to and the to the You the height-of-cut to of from to inches to the the (PTO). the the the and to leaving the operating the height-of-cut the and to the Height-of-cut Starting the the seat. the to the The the or the the (PTO) to off the throttle to Throttle that and Turn the clockwise and the the release the On If the seconds of cranking, the to and the cool; to Troubleshooting. the the throttle to If the or hesitates, the throttle back to seconds and then the throttle to this as
the the throttle to Turn the to to and the leaving the operating the Interlock Service each or If the interlock switches or the tractor unexpectedly, causing injury. with the interlock switches. the operation of the interlock switches and switches operating the tractor. the Interlock The interlock to the from You the seat. The depressed. The (PTO) the The interlock to the the following: You from the seat when the released. You from the seat while the (PTO) the You while the (PTO) the the Tractor to the tractor the take-off (PTO) from operating when back the tractor. If the traction switch with the (PTO) with the or other the absolutely necessary. If to the (PTO) while turn off the the switch located the seat interlock switch You back or while the or other and serious or death. it absolutely necessary. the absolutely necessary. and the interlock switch children or other the deactivating the interlock the sound of the from that child or the both the and interlock and them of the reach of or unauthorized users when the the (PTO). the interlock the switch Turn the interlock light the front indicating that the interlock G006903
light the traction switch and the (PTO) to the interlock. the interlock and of the reach of Testing the Interlock If interlock switches disconnected or the tractor unexpectedly, causing injury. with the interlock switches. the operation of the switches and switches operating the tractor. switches years of whether they operating properly or the the tractor each If the interlock as below, Authorized Service the interlock immediately. While the seat, the following the the (PTO) to and the to The should crank. the (PTO) to and release the Turn the to The should crank. With the ground the the (PTO) to and the While the release the and slightly from the seat: The should the (PTO) to the traction to the and the While the the (PTO) switch to and the traction to The should the (PTO) to the traction to and the the the (PTO) switch to and the interlock and release The operating-in-reverse warning light should the (PTO) to The operating-in-reverse warning light should off. the Tractor Manually the manually. the the To the Tractor the (PTO). Stop the the and to leaving the operating the to the This the and allows the to freely To the Tractor the the This the The tractor the the
or The throttle the as measured RPM the throttle the performance. To or backward: Release the to Releasing the foot the traction and the top of the traction to or the of the to The farther the traction the the tractor that Traction To release the the traction To release the the traction To the with the (PTO) the operating-in-reverse using the interlock switch located front of and below the seat. the Tractor Release the traction the (PTO). Turn the to to the the the tractor to the the from the switch. Children or they or to the tractor while the and interlock and the when the tractor or Without the cover, or catcher assembly mounted and others to and thrown with rotating and thrown or death. the from the the the turf. If the immediately. or the to clear or the (PTO) and the to The that to the and the To the cover the the of the to the the To from to the cover the the of the Stop the to and the the operating
the and the top of the cover the the cover the and the of the cover the cover to the of the with and the which the cover and To back to the cover and the the the performance, the the The to thoroughly the height-of-cut too or completely surround the of the from to allow the to the the slightly than to that the height of the ground. than inch the to appearance. It to about of the than that the or when slowly. the to the straight. This and and G008145 rates of the season. To the height, which often early the frequently. To the of ground the throttle while the ground You should the to to while If the than or high of the height higher than the that and then the the lower, If the tractor while of To this, the following: the and to previously the the or height-of-cut while with the the washout to and from the of the each If and the the eventually become unsatisfactory. throughout the season. cleanly without tearing or the Tearing and the the which its and increases the chance of Every the sharpness and
the and right of the from the operating Schedule(s) Service Procedure the the first hours each or Every hours the often heavy or high Every hours Every hours to If the the switch, the and seriously or other the from the and the from the the that the the the the the the Service the the of the Grease and the tractor. More often or Clean the Service the the the the the the Service the Clean the cooling the the procedures chipped the the the the the Charge the and the the wear and cracks.
Greasing and the Tractor Service Every hoursGrease and the tractor. More often or to Grease the Tractor the (PTO). the Stop the the and to the operating Clean the grease with that off the front of the grease to each and grease grease. Where to Grease the front and grease to of the Servicing the (API service SF, SG, SH, SJ, or higher) Crankcase Capacity: or or when the or or when the Viscosity: the below. Checking the Service each or the the (PTO). the Stop the to and the the operating the Clean around the that the and the
Unscrew the and the Screw the the Unscrew the and the If the only enough the to the to the the the crankcase with and the the the Service the first hours the and This the that easily. the that the slightly than the right to that the completely. the (PTO). the the to and the leaving the operating the below the and the completely, the of the recycling Every hours often heavy or high the necessary. to the of the specified amount of the the to and of Checking the the Service Every hours the when the operating or the from the to and the the and the Apply thin of to the the the to the Turn the clockwise the the then the to about of the specified amount of the the to and of Checking the the Servicing the Service Every hoursClean the Every hoursReplace the Service the the operating or Removing the and the (PTO).
the Stop the to and the the operating the Clean around the to from the and causing the cover and the cover cover the cover. the and the from the blower housing cover Cleaning the and the and the clean, thoroughly. the clean cloth. the the torn or worn. Lightly the to and clean the the to from the Inspect the tears, and to the the with or such as or the or cleaned thoroughly. the and To the with the and assembly the and the blower housing. that the the base. the the cover with the of the blower housing the the cover and the to the cover the Servicing the Service Every hoursService the Champion QC12YC or that the the and inch the wrench and the and to and the the the (PTO). the Stop the to and the leaving the operating the the from the Every hoursReplace the
Clean around the to from the and causing the and washer. Checking the the of the If light or the the operating properly. coating the usually the dirty. to clean the the when it coating, or cracks. the the and the the correct. the the and washer. that the correctly. Tighten the to the to the the the Service and fire or from burn and others and property. from the when the cold. this that when and from or where the the that the front slightly than the right to that the completely. the (PTO). the Stop the to and the leaving the operating the and the
Hose the of the hose together and the the the off of the and allow to or the to the empty. the the the hose to the to both the and the the Service Every hoursReplace the The to the when the empty. from the the (PTO) and the Stop the to and the leaving the operating the the of the hose together and them from the the from the and the hose to the the Servicing the Battery the and to the and If the corroded, them with of and Apply light coating of grease to the terminals to Battery and cold-cranking the Battery Battery terminals or causing the to or the battery, allow the terminals to of the tractor. allow to the terminals and of the tractor. the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to the operating the seat to the battery. the ground from the
Negative Battery cover and wing (red) Incorrectly routing the the and causing the to injury. the the (red) the (red) the the cover the (red) the (red) from the the and from the chassis the Battery the the and the chassis the and wing the (red) to the battery the cover the the and the wing the to the Checking the Service each or the seat to the battery. the of the battery. The to the allow the to below the If the the amount of to Water to the Battery. that and others. and with or clothing. Wear to shield and to the where flushing the Water to the Battery The to to the battery the tractor. This the thoroughly with the the from the tractor; to the Battery. Clean the top of the with towel. the with while the the tractor. You other and the from the each the to the the
the and to the chassis. to the necessary, the to the the the Charging the Battery Charging the that the battery. and from battery. the when the below 32F (0C) to the from the chassis; to Removing the Battery. the to Checking the that the the battery, and it hour to or hours to overcharge the battery. the the from the Disconnect the charger leads from the Negative Black charger the the and the to the Battery. the tractor with the disconnected; Servicing the The protected the to from the the and the to Servicing the Headlights The headlights automotive-type Removing the the Disconnect the from both of the the turn counterclockwise and from the
and the counterclockwise turn), and the from the the the the of the with the the the the and the clockwise the the with the the reflector, the the reflector, and clockwise the to the terminals the Checking the Service Every hours the the front and the the operating hours or yearly, whichever first. the when they to the reading. Servicing the Service Every hoursService the the the when the cold. The factory sealed and SAE 20W-50 (API service SH/CD recommended) Checking the the the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to leaving the operating Clean around the that the to
the and the The should of inch below the top of the necessary. the Cooling Cleaning the Cooling Service Every hours to and from the To the to the
Servicing the Service each or The the right of the the If the securely, Checking the the tractor the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to the operating the to the to the Tractor Manually. If the and when the to the the the and to the the the to Checking the the the that the and slightly the inch the and Tighten the the when and and the the operation to Checking the With the released, the freely when the tractor. If the inch clearance and rotation, Authorized Service immediately.
the the the to the the cover mounting screws and covers from both cover the and that the and the the from the the the around the and the the pulley. the that the to the the mounting and the that the and the the and right covers with the mounting screws the to the Servicing the Service each or To of the and or and of the thrown the or serious or death. Inspect the wear or or Inspecting the the to the Inspect the If the or the and them; to the Cutting Curved Inspect the the If or this Removing the the to Removing the the
the inch wrench), washer, and of as the and the to the when the Curved washer Inspect that the to the both of each the The its the amount of from both the of each If the the balanced and used. If the balanced, off of the back of the this the balanced. the each washer and the The of the the of the to Tighten the to to to Removing the the the (PTO) and the the the and to leaving the operating the height-of-cut the D the height-of-cut from the The the and the right wheel. the with the the the height-of-cut release and or the height-of-cut to the D and the height-of-cut to release the the height-of-cut the A Unhook the the from the the
the and and the mount from the front mount inch) the hairpin and washer from the of the the of the mount. and washer mount the and washer the the off of the mounting the washer and hairpin the the and the of the to the with the washer and hairpin through the of the the height-of-cut the D the the the from the clutch clutch the from the Turn the front wheels to the the to the right to
the Without the cover, or catcher assembly mounted and others to and thrown with the rotating and thrown or death. the from the the the If the immediately. or the to clear the or the off (PTO) to and the to the and the off the the the (PTO). the Stop the to and the leaving the operating Turn the front to the the the chassis from the right the the the mount the front with the and mount inch) the height-of-cut the the the right and the the with the the height-of-cut the the of the through the the mount and thick mount washer and thin washer the thin washer and hairpin to the Mount the the the mount the thick washer and hairpin to the through the of the the from the to the the
the height-of-cut the notch to to the height-of-cut the the right and the the with the the to the from and Front-to-Rear the from The from to the whenever the or the the the to the recommended to Checking the the the (PTO) and the the the and to leaving the operating the height-of-cut the C notch. the to to the and the If both within inch them; to through the hairpin and washer from the and washer mount the and the washer and hairpin Positioning the the front lowers the height; the the the
and the of the the front-to-rear to the Front-to-Rear the Front-to-Rear the front-to-rear whenever the the the the to the recommended to Checking the If the front of the within of to inch to than the rear of the the as follows: the the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to the operating and the the to the from the height-of-cut the C Measure the of the of the front of the the of the chassis If the inch the and washer from the of the and the inch and washer mount the of the the the mount and with the washer and and the of the the front-to-rear the of the (front and and the If the front within of to inch to than the rear, Measure front Slightly the front plate mounting mounting the the to the To the front of the the to the front of the the both of the the front-to-rear the the front to inch to than the
the front-to-rear correct, the plate mounting the front-to-rear correct, the of the to the from Cleaning the of the Service each or the of the to action and the the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to leaving the operating the coupling included) to the washout and turn the high Washout Hose Coupling included) the washout to the coupling and the the to the lowest height of the seat and the the (PTO) and the to the (PTO). Stop the the and to leaving the operating the Turn the off and the coupling from the washout and the to to the
or washout and others to thrown or to with the or thrown or death. or washout immediately, the the with and or the or through the the (PTO) and the Stop the the and to the operating and from the of the tractor, the Clean and from the of the head and blower housing. You the tractor with and washer to the tractor. the or grease friction excessively, the lights, and battery. the to Checking the Service the cleaner; to Servicing the Cleaner. Grease the chassis; to Greasing and Lubricating the Tractor. the crankcase and to Servicing the the to Checking the the as follows: A. based to the to the instructions from based or effective when with fresh and B. to through the C. Stop the allow to cool, and the to the D. the and it E. or the F. and the G. the to
and inspect the to Servicing the With the from the of the the to crank the and the the the the to the Disconnect the Clean the and the and charge to Servicing the Battery. the from the The to from and below 32F (0C). the winter without recharging. and and screws. or that or scratched or with from Authorized Service the clean, or the and interlock from the and them Cover the to and clean.
Troubleshooting Corrective Action The crank. The or to The The There The worn, or The The (PTO) the (PTO). The the The Charge the battery. The the or the relay or switch Authorized Service The seated. the seat. The empty. the with The dirty. Clean or the The or the to disconnected. The pitted, fouled, or the correctly incorrect. The closing. the throttle There the the The too or the the and incorrect. or the Authorized Service The the ground The dirty. Clean the The the crankcase to the crankcase. The cooling and the blower housing The pitted, fouled, or the correctly incorrect. The the Clean or the There the or the Authorized Service The the ground The the crankcase to the crankcase. The cooling and the blower housing The or unbalanced. The mounting the mounting The mounting Tighten the mounting There pulley, Tighten the pulley. pulley, or pulley. The Authorized Service The off of the pulley. the and the and the the obstruction from the cooling and the from the cooling and
Corrective Action The The The the the to the The traction worn, or Authorized Service The traction off of the pulley. Authorized Service The incorrect. the The the from and front-to-rear. The of the Clean the of the dirty.
Schematics A)
Notes:
Notes:
months) that this service Authorised Service months) that this service Authorised Service months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase stating the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the www.hayter.co.uk or Freephone
CUS TOMER INFO RMATION of HAYTER LIMITED, SPELLBROOK, BISHOPS STORTFORD, HERTS. CM23 4BU, ENGLAND