Measure Health UPPER ARM with ComfortRead NOTAS IMPORTANTES ComfortRead DE BRAZO Please this this IMPORTANT NOTES Measure Health
Arm ComfortRead with Text Confort Comfort Easy-To-Read with International ComfortRead Comfort DO NOT DESTROY Memory One-Touch Operation Fully-Automatic Features: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS NO DESTRUYA INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES Un ComfortRead
Introduction Product Comfort Measuring of Quality About Table of Health o tomar incluye usted Health o Text Explanations HOW TO USE Applying the Arm Recalling Memory Arm The includes and This both easy to and clearly shown the of each reading. purchase of the Health o Troubleshooting Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information Introduction COMO SE USA to using the built-in memory users who to and track their The Health o both and Producto Comfort Indice
ComfortRead ComfortRead Con and within the the American National to those using the cuff/stethoscope (ANSI). This to and in-home with the Health o about physician. Please to Please this information this reference. Product Arm Memory Tubo Aire Producto LCD the the release the and of This ComfortRead to and readings. significantly With the of the to and shortened and greatly enhanced. AA (Included) ComfortRead ON/OFF) Health o Americano (ANSI)
Association of Instrumentation concerning as as the EMC 89/336/EEC: and conforms to the of the EC 93/42/EEC and bears the CE CE The of the This conforms with the American National Monitors. the with the of Quality Text Supplementary EN EN or ANSI/AAMI SP10 BOUT LOOD RESSURE the the of the artery while The measured when the heart with flowing and of the heart the reading (higher flows through the artery. The measured when the heart the heart the (lowest What ANSI/AAMI SP10 o EN EN CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL health associated to high with Also, as people society. There of high with This those with high them high to health to Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC.
AM PM PM AM people and identified. This however, as to which of and high-risk The World Health (WHO) Text physician It that with physician regularly. Normal Normal usted throughout the It influenced seasonal and the of the month, and Years Old) Fluctuation Within the Fluctuation (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Telephone the Arrive Office
Explanations Rate Text Appears when memory or recalled from memory Appears when should when of Memory the Rate o reemplace AA Ocurre the cover the first, then the top of the or AA the to the the of the Press and the cover the of the arrow to the o Pulso
usted o tomarse tomar SEGUNDA as directed The POWER and nothing appears the Text You to the when: The battery appears the medirse tome usted o usted tomar tomarse tome usted o immediately To readings, please hour to readings: HOW TO USE: COMO SE USA: or or If or while It that to reading. You should physically or when Usted Usted POWER location least hour If the about SECOND
the the Index of the through the (B) of the the (A) the Applying the Arm Index o EE through the The OK should the top with the the the of as shown the below. of forearm. the artery the The should the of arm. OK Inch Inch the too tight or too EE approximately inch Tighten the the Index of the The should tensioned the to allow the insertion of the and arm. If the Turn and the of the the (A) Indice (B)
If the within the OK indicated the of the this If the of the OK Please the purchase of www.healthometer.com. or the Health o Text o POWER. with the that the the as heart. Press the POWER appear approximately to The to to inflation, of the shown the OK, usted o Health o www.healthometer.com. OK,
reaches and the release of and the and reading memory. the the The readings memory. off. The shut-off Press the POWER to the pressed. To readings from the memory, the MEMORY The of readings recorded memory displayed. Recalling Memory readings memory with their Another of the MEMORY the of readings.
usted hacerle usted o (thinner), Health o The the memory when the You the the batteries. switched off. If should please the following Correction Text Troubleshooting Symptom usted o usted EE o (o that correctly the properly them with AA Measure the the the correctly? the the correctly? or the properly the the when the POWER EE shown the displayed or the (or high) AA POWER high-precision Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. or impacts to the and from Precautionary Notes: Health o If the please the Warranty Information this should the and repairs yourself. the with the Clean the and the with slightly cloth. the too the or the the when the cleaners thinner, or as cleaner. of
If the allow to reach to If the properly, please Products, Inc., to the should to cleaned with cloth. field serviceable. You should cleanser or the or other or users who from or users, this beats or of with or To the should operated as outlined the Warranty information this Health o Health o K.B Pulso: Pulso: 10C 40C (50F 104F); -5C 60C 23F 140F (AA) CD (L) (W) (H) BF Text -5C 60C 23F 140F Humidity:10 10C 40C (50F 104F); Humidity: inches) (optional) To recommended that completed years. inches) of reading DC (AA) Release (G.W.) (without Short operation (L) (W) (H) of type BF Inflation Conductor **Specifications to without memory Specifications: Arm Memory capacity Source Auto-shut-off Deflation Inflation K.B. o o o o o o usted. Health o Health o Usted hacerle Products, Inc.
Products, Inc. Products, Inc. ComfortRead Products, Inc. Health o Products, Inc. o Products, Inc. o Health o www.healthometer.com and workmanship. its option, or this or of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that covered the Warranty Health o Products the right to or the terms and with or or performance. service or of the found to the warranty the of purchase to warranty of years from the of purchase, this free from of this warranty. Text Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o This warranty cover wear of or from of the contrary to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty cover Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or warranty of merchantability or or caused the breach of or warranty. to the to the of the warranty. states, rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o of Products, Inc. Health o of Products, Inc. and ComfortRead Distributed Products, Inc. Products, Inc. rights
Measure Health UPPER ARM with ComfortRead IMPORTANT NOTES
Arm ComfortRead with Text Un Comfort Read Confort Easy-To-Read with International ComfortRead Comfort DO NOT DESTROY Memory One-Touch Fully-Automatic Features: IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES ComfortRead NO DESTRUYA
Table of Introduction Product Comfort Measuring of Quality About Health o tomar incluye usted Health o Text Fluctuation Explanations HOW TO USE the Arm Recalling Memory Troubleshooting Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information Congratulations purchase of the Health o clearly shown the of each reading. This both easy to and The includes and Arm Introduction COMO SE USA both and The Health o memory users who to and their to the built-in Producto Comfort Read Indice
ComfortRead ComfortRead Con confort and within the the American National to those the cuff/stethoscope (ANSI). This to and in-home with the Health o about physician. Please to Please this information this reference. Product Memory Arm Producto Tubo Aire LCD the the release the and of This ComfortRead to and readings. significantly With the of the to and shortened and greatly AA (Included) ComfortRead ON/OFF) Health o Americano (ANSI)
of Quality or ANSI/AAMI SP10 Monitors. the with the This conforms with the American National and bears the CE CE The of the and conforms to the of the EC 93/42/EEC concerning as as the EMC 89/336/EEC: Association of Instrumentation hecho Text BOUT LOOD RESSURE EN EN Supplementary What Measure the heart the (lowest flows through the artery. The measured when the heart and of the heart the reading (higher The measured when the heart with flowing the the of the artery while health to them high to those with high with This people society. There of high Also, as health associated to high with ANSI/AAMI SP10 o EN (Dic. EN CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC.
AM PM PM AM people and age identified. This however, as to which of and The World Health (WHO) Text physician It that with physician regularly. Normal usted Normal throughout the It influenced seasonal and the of the month, and Years Old) Fluctuation Within the (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Telephone the Arrive Office
Rate Explanations Text the Rate of Memory when Appears when should memory or from memory Appears when o reemplace AA Ocurre to the Press and the cover the of the arrow the to the the of or AA the battery the top of the the cover the first, then o Pulso
usted o tomarse tomar SEGUNDA as directed The POWER and nothing appears the Text You to the when: The battery appears the antes medirse tome usted o usted tomar tomarse usted o immediately To readings, please hour to readings: HOW TO USE: COMO SE USA: or or If or while It that to reading. You should or when Usted Usted POWER location least hour If the about SECOND
the Arm the (A) the the (B) of the cuff. the leaving the Index of the through Index o EE The should the of arm. of forearm. the artery the the of as shown the below. the top with the the through the The OK should OK Inch Inch the Turn and the of the allow the insertion of the and arm. If the Index of the The should the to inch Tighten the the the too tight or too EE (A) Indice (B)
If the within the OK indicated the of the cuff, this If the of the OK Please the purchase of www.healthometer.com. or the Health o Text with the that the the as heart. Press the POWER appear to POWER. o The to to inflation, of the shown the OK, OK, usted o Health o www.healthometer.com.
and the release of reaches Press the POWER to the off. The shut-off buttons pressed. The readings memory. the the and the and reading memory. Recalling Memory displayed. the MEMORY The of readings recorded memory To readings from the memory, Another of the MEMORY the previous of readings. readings memory displayed with their
Health o o (thinner), usted hacerle usted The the memory when the You the the switched off. If should please the following Text Troubleshooting usted o usted that correctly the properly them with AA Measure the the Correction the correctly? the the correctly? or the properly the the when the POWER EE shown the excessively or the (or high) Symptom POWER EE o (o AA high-precision Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. or impacts to the and from Precautionary Notes: Health o If the please the Warranty Information this should the and repairs yourself. the with the Clean the and the with slightly cloth. the too the or the the when the cleaners thinner, or as cleaner. of
Health o Health o as outlined the Warranty information this To the should operated users with or or of or who from or users, this cleanser or the or other field serviceable. You should to the should to cleaned with cloth. to If the properly, please Products, Inc., If the near allow to reach K.B Pulso: Pulso: 10C 40C (50F 104F); -5C 60C 23F 140F (AA) CD (L) (W) (H) BF Text Specifications: memory **Specifications to without Conductor Inflation of type BF (L) (W) (H) (G.W.) (without Short operation Release operation DC (AA) of reading inches) To recommended that completed every years. inches) (optional) 10C 40C (50F 104F); Humidity: -5C 60C 23F 140F Humidity:10 K.B. Inflation Deflation Auto-shut-off Source Memory capacity Arm o o o o o o usted. Health o Health o Usted hacerle Products, Inc.
o Products, Inc. o Health o www.healthometer.com Health o Products, Inc. ComfortRead Products, Inc. Products, Inc. Products, Inc. and workmanship. its option, or this or of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that covered the Warranty Health o Products the right to or the and with or or performance. service or of the found to the warranty the of purchase to warranty of years from the of purchase, this free from of this warranty. Text Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o This warranty cover wear of or from of the to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty cover Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or warranty of merchantability or the breach of or warranty. to the to the of the warranty. states, or caused rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o of Products, Inc. Health o of Products, Inc. and ComfortRead Distributed Products, Inc. Products, Inc. rights