Heavy-Duty Rotary 455E
Introduction this information to learn to and properly and to and You operating the properly and Whenever service, or information, Authorized Service and the and of ready. the location of the and the and location This and the which that serious or death follow the recommended This to highlight information. to mechanical information and information worthy of Introduction.................................................................2 Safety.................................3 Sound Sound and Instructional the the and the the Crankcase with Product Operation.....................................................................9 Checking the the Starting the the the the Traction Checking the Clutch the Height the Tips................................................... Recommended Schedule(s) Lubrication............................................................. the the Gear Servicing the the the Servicing the Emptying the and Cleaning the the Servicing the the the Cutting Cleaning the Housing.................... Cleaning the Clutch the the Information the from Troubleshooting......................................................... Printed the USA. Rights
Improperly using or this To reduce the injury, comply with these instructions. This and tested reasonably service; however, to with the following instructions To performance, and to knowledge of the that and other of the and the of this the started. to the which Warning, or instruction. and the instruction to with to comply with the instruction The following instructions from CEN EN This of and and throwing to the following instructions serious or death. the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the the of the that the or or occurring to other people or their property. pictograms the or the instructions. WARNING highly the following specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of dissipated. and securely. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and stones, wires, bones and other inspect to that guards, and such as and/or and correctly. inspect to that the and assembly or or and to and clutches and the when the the to this than absolutely and only the which from the the or switch the to instructions and with from the and front of the while or or light. operating the where feasible. the terrain and other or or rotating clear of the or while the when or
when the of and and when of footing throttle when the traction-clutch, high and to or of Stop the the to when crossing other than and when the to and from the to the where Stop the whenever the the height from the Stop the and the wire. clearing or cleaning or the inspect the and repairs restarting and operating the to abnormally immediately). the throttle and the the of Watch when crossing or and and screws tight to the cleaning the with the and building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and free of or grease. and the and with recommended when necessary. or If the to this the or the increase the of of the to of the and of the To the performance and purchase only and and they Sound This sound the ear of based of EN and ISO Sound This sound of based of ISO This hand/arm of based of EN and EN
and Instructional Decals and instructions easily to the and located of that or the To the traction the upward. To the first the and To the release the then the to the rear. Warningread the Thrown from the Cutting, of or footstop the and the the of or footstay from Warningstop the leaving the Thrown from the of or footstay from Warningwear hearing protection. Thrown the with Indicates the as from the
the chart below to that shipped. Procedure Qty. inch) screw the and the crankcase with the and right of the from the operating the this inch) inches) Washer inch) Procedure Mount the to the housing with inch), inches), washers, and inch) inches) Washer Housing inches), washer, and inch), washer, and the washers with the facing the You the height operation. the the lowers the the the the the to the to the the
the and the this Self-tapping screw Procedure the of the the Elbow the with the the the front of the the mount G002527 the of the to the the screws from the the screws to to in-lb to the screws. the Crankcase with Procedure The crankcase shipped without You with L) of the to Checking the and instructions.
Product shown) Cutting height Ground Traction Throttle The ground throttle and traction the as shown Throttle Traction The throttle shown Stop
the and right of the from the operating Each that the and the properly. release the the should If Authorized Service This sound of the ear and hearing through of Wear hearing protection when operating this Warningwear hearing protection. Checking the Service each or Initially, the crankcase with ounces of high-quality SAE or SAE 10W30 that the American (API) service SF, SG, SH, or SJ. each that the the and the the crankcase empty, about of the crankcase of the crankcase, then follow the this section. the to Clean around the the rotating the counterclockwise and the clean with cloth. the the screw it the and the the If the reading below the the only enough the to the to the the the crankcase with and the the the the reads the the and the clockwise tight.
the clean, fresh, lead-free with rating of or higher. To freshness, purchase the of that to combustion and life. You leaded to the that the season or charge the fire or from and others and property. the ground and from vehicle vehicle or or or the and the of charge. petrol-powered from the or and the with its the round. If this then such or from from If the with the of the or and cleans the and from the of additives other than with such as or and fire or from and others and property. the and when the cold. that the completely to the the to to below the of the This the allows the to expand. when and from or where the and of the reach of than supply of Clean around the the from the the with to within to inch to from the top of the the
the than inch from the top of the the to expand. the and Starting the the to the the the throttle to the the ground to the (N) the lightly then sharply. the throttle and the ground as when the If the to through the the throttle to the Stop the from the the or the the the turn. You the to the the to the and
the Release the release the the should within seconds. If properly, using immediately and Authorized Service the Traction the Traction Release the traction the ground to the the traction the the Traction Release the traction Checking the Clutch the each to that the clutch operating properly. You the to to the clutch the the the the to the The should to indicating that the and Release the If the immediately that the The clutch and, operating the inspected and serviced Authorized Service If the clutch the to when release the with causing serious injury. the clutch operation each with clutch that to Authorized Service the to properly. the Cutting wheel individually with wheel height Cutting inches inches inches inches inches and inches
the height with and serious injury. the and to the height. the housing when the height. the wheel height the wheel and to the height Release the wheel height and seat securely the the to the height the the to and the Rear the the mounting mounting the rear Removing the To the the The throw and other through thrown with enough force serious or death to the or the without
with the allow and other to thrown the or and serious or death to the or the frequently. If throughout the season. the the when with only or and and the or the to or serious and the Clean the housing each Cleaning the Housing. the the to the the with its than the factory the to throw of the or the or and serious or death. the If the than Authorized Service Clean the frequently. and which clogs the and reduces performance. rates of the the heat, to the inch inch or inch height about third of the below the inch the or when to inches first the highest height and then the appearance. If the too and the top of the the and the to the This the the If the finished appearance unsatisfactory, or of the following: the while the height the frequently. instead of with each the height the front notch than the the front wheels inches and the rear inches the that of the shows through the cover. You to than the
light coverage, the the height If there than inches of the the front height or notches higher than the rear height. This to the the housing. the the finely enough. If to the the to reduce the of the
the and right of the from the operating Recommended Schedule(s) Service Procedure the the first hours the each or Inspect the wear or Clean the housing. Clean the Every hours the often Every hours Clean the clutch shield. the the Every hours the Every hours the Yearly Clean the to procedures. If the the the and seriously or other the from the the that the Lubricating the Arms operating hours or when the season the the height to the the grease with grease the and apply or of lithium grease. grease the
the Gear Service Every hours every operating hours, grease the the grease the through the cover Gently apply to of lithium-base grease. the Servicing the Service Every hoursClean the the without the assembly; Stop the and to the from the the screw that the cover Screw the and thoroughly the and to clean Every hoursReplace the
the and with and then the with then to the the the the cover and with the screw. the Service the first hours With ounces liters) Without ounces The the account the crankcase to amount of the to the flows and and with injury. the when Stop the and to the from the the right of the the rotating the counterclockwise and the its right to the the You the from the crankcase the to its operating the the and the clockwise tight. the to Every hours Capacity the crankcase to the the with fresh to the the Crankcase with the Service Every hours the operating hours or yearly, whichever first. the to the the and with injury. contacting the when Stop the and to the from the the to the the to catch that as the the to the the with
the and hand only. the crankcase to the the with to the Crankcase with the to the the about Stop the to and around the to the the to Checking the the to Servicing the Service Every hours the operating hours. NGK BPR5ES or Stop the and to Disconnect the from the Clean around the the from the head. cracked, fouled, or clean the the the the the to to the and the the to the to the
Emptying the and Cleaning the Service Yearly The located the Clean the yearly. Stop the and to cool from only. the from the the the the the the completely from the and the from the amount of the the around the and the and to the and the the Self-propel If the or to creep when the than inches from the the the that the inches Turn the the the Tighten the To the the while the the The when the rear turning and the top of the about inches from the of the If the and the when the inches from the to the anchor to to the to the the the You to the from the the and covers
cover cover the screws from the anchor anchor Notches the anchor through to the the anchor to its factory which indicated the notches to the the Servicing the the the and to the from the the the wheel spacer, and the mounting the wheel to the the wheel from the screws and If the from the assembly, them the cover only) assembly Bearing Bearing Assembling the the wheel half, the each the assembly the of the wheel half. that the of the the of the the other wheel the assembly, the wheel and the and the mounting threaded screws or inch) and non-locking the wheel together. Mount the screws or the the of and the screws, from to the together
the and previously the the wheel and the screws or and them with and the wheel to the with the spacer, and that the the and the the Whenever assembly or the the Stop the and to the from the the from the You to the from the the the that inch of the threads then the inch of threads the screw the
screw the that the of the inches from the of the and the to the the the inches the screw to to in-lb to to the the the the from the when release the If the the the which serious the that the the seconds or If the rotating seconds or the to Authorized Service inspection and
the with cleanly and without tearing or the Complete the following inspecting, or the Stop the and to the from the the from the to Emptying the and Cleaning the the its right Inspecting the Service each or the sharpness and where the and the 36A). and wear the that the and of the the the If or wear 36B and 36C), the to the Wear of the the performance, the season the to the or and of the thrown the or serious or death. Inspect the wear or or Removing the the of the or thickly the the and the the the top of the to its 37A) and 37B). The the amount of from both this only. the
the the of the the of the or screwdriver You the commercially balancer. If of the rotates that the or the the The properly when neither the the and the The of the the top of the housing installation. the to to to the to its operating the to the Cleaning Cleaning the Housing To the performance, the of the housing clean. Service each or the or the the hose and the to flow the ground front of the right Right wheel The and the from the housing. Stop the and to Turn off the the and to the the and its If from the clean. Disconnect the from the the from the to Emptying the and Cleaning the
the the to from the or the and, or property the or the with hand the its right the and with burrs and the to its operating the the to the Cleaning the Clutch Service Every hours Clean the clutch shield when the to the performance and to from or when the to the to the shield. Stop the and to the from the the from the to Emptying the and Cleaning the the its right the the to from the or the highly and, or property emptying the as directed; the and the the screws that the shield Screws clutch shield the shield and or the from the shield and around the clutch the shield the screws that previously the the and the the to its operating the to the
To the off-season the recommended procedures. to the cool, clean, the to and protected. the of and with of the with the or the with or heater light.) Allow the to cool Empty the when the the the the from of the and Allow the to the sufficiently the While the the from the crankcase. to the the about of to the crankcase through the the using the to the the the to the Information the housing. to Cleaning the Housing. Clean and from the head and blower housing. and from the of the the shrouding, and the top of the housing. the of the to the Clean the BBC shield; to Cleaning the Clutch Service the to Servicing the the to the Tighten and screws. Touch or chipped with from Authorized Service the from and the and the the to from the Clean the or cracked, or the worn. the and to procedures; to the the with fresh the the to the
Troubleshooting Corrective Action or rough or The or the and/or the with fresh If the Authorized Service The throttle the the throttle to the The connected to the the to the The pitted, fouled, or the the and the incorrect. necessary. the pitted, fouled, or cracked. The and the with fresh The Clean the or the The and Clean the and/or restricting the flow. the The of the housing Clean the housing. and The fouled, or the the and the incorrect. necessary. the pitted, fouled, or cracked. The or the the the or The connected to the the to the The pitted, fouled, or the the and the incorrect. necessary. the it fouled, or cracked. The throttle the the throttle to the The and Clean the and/or restricting the flow. the The or of the If the The mounting Tighten the mounting The of the housing Clean the housing. and The mounting the mounting the height. the The and the You the the repeatedly. The of the housing Clean the housing. and The of the or the necessary. There the cover. Clean the from the cover.
Notes:
Notes:
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of from the of purchase. The of the furnish their warranty and services through their authorised to Warranty To the of the warranty, the Warranty Card to within of purchase. If the the Warranty Card which attached to the rear of the please and to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service warranty to those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with Friction or Crankshaft Bearing as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, Clutch (B.B.C.) and other such with friction or crankshaft which with the recommended operating and procedures, covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these To warranty the to Authorised Service with of purchase the and of purchase. to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the www.hayter.co.uk or Freephone Warranty
CUS TOMER INFO RMATION of HAYTER LIMITED, SPELLBROOK, BISHOPS STORTFORD, HERTS. CM23 4BU, ENGLAND