Congratulations! received the of hard-core known to the of The and DAC with the and years of to head. headphones, and the pleasures of right The DAC ears. MT o o headphone
The batteries, and the and switches head thanking the Headphone Crossfeed Switch Source Switch Switch Screws The input where the Preferably the DAC; the of iRiver or the headphone of You to Headphone The headphone where headphones. There isnt this inch the of headphone and headphone with of headphones, or Crossfeed Switch This switch the crossfeed The headphones often typically the the the right, and the The crossfeed the acoustic cross-feed normally heard the and right ear as heard from the and right back the normally occurring cross-feed enough information to the and to info the crossfeed. Switch The Switch headphones instance, the would in-ear monitors, allowing the with headphones and the switch to which If headphones, free to and You know where the should as headphones often and ears to choose the the choose as to ears.) You to the OFF or ALL THE WAY DOWN or headphones to short-circuiting the the clockwise, the increases. Source Switch Immediately to the right of the the switch. It the internal or supply. If the and supply attached, the off selecting and then the offer the lovingly known as supply with the the and therefore cleaner, sound. Rear or Screws To batteries, the screws and the of indicated the the The
The DAC The of Texas USB sound (to the S/PDIF D/A and bears the of incredibly sound anywhere to station. of the front and rear and what nd: USB Source Switch Select Screws The the sounding there. This the the input of headphone Dont to to they four The input typical You this input from the of player. Not players or DVD players and players this from of USB The USB input its from or top; PC, or There players of that the to to USB sound Select Switch If using both the to to with this switch. Source Switch To the right the switch. It the internal or supply. If the and supply attached, the off selecting DC and then the supply from the back of the offer the lovingly known as supply with the the Station One and therefore cleaner, sound. Rear of Screws To batteries, the screws and the of indicated the the The DAC
Connecting (or of them) and easy process. or the DAC, which USB, or You to and DAC. Shown purchase The and If the then the to the the (preferably) or head- of to the the input. headphones the the front of the the the the the input of the and of the DAC. Dont to the each to the DAC or the input or USB from the USB input. and The and DAC DC or The of hours, the of the headphones as as the (The DAC as people the which allows about hours of life. If the then should typically around hours of tery life. To to the rear screw the screws, and the from the You the the the supply and the off the shown below. rechargeable slightly than battery. If battery, them allowing the to the top of the shown The recharge rechargable batteries. with rechargeable batteries, or rechargeable the and the The tery completely the and the front of shown right. or DAC with with or DAC, screws
What the Crossfeed? to of If off the both ears hear the sound from the right the ear farther than the right ear, hears the sound slightly the right ear; about microSeconds. This the and the thing to where to sound left-to-right. headphones off the only the right ear hears the sound. headphones, there sound that the or the right then that ear hears the sound. This and becomes trying to where sound from when only ear hearing This to that the the right and the the allowing to cross-feed of the and right to each other through using the crossfeed switch. The of the what type of recording to; and recordings recordings that or right, greatly from the and record- from somewhat and often to without the comfortably. The switch to cross-feed of the and right to eacho- ther through With Headphones off ear hears Near ear hears sound The This the Headphone There boards each the and right that connected with of header to the to the board. This to sound least hours of the It AD822 the internal input crossfeed, and The of the highly thin and the these MUCH higher than typical The to the The of and sound If using this sticking with the as its sounding than the DAC) and The to the This the Headphone There boards each the and right that nected with of header to the to the board. This to sound least hours of four the It TI) the internal input crossfeed, and The of the highly thin and the these MUCH higher than typical
Warranty specically stated otherwise, purchases with to the opportunity to purchases. Were to with the opportunity to or to Products to within of the the purchase right Products as-new This that theyre functioning perfectly, and include ALL warranty cards, wraps, other please products back exactly as them. If within the as-new charge and to the to as-new Sorry, products exchangeable or If with headphone or please to troubleshoot the You or If while the DAC Warranty: The and DAC warrantied years. If anytime within the years of purchase with Products, repairs the of Guaranty. the authorized service products, ther or of warranty. If warranty, there the or from back to the charges to the to of Warranty Repairs Non warranty repairs hourly of hour and only conducted products. If the of the with If that of to the however please and know to. the initiate repairs and within and the to The to and Please servicing to factory authorized as the authorized service products, or of warranty. other than Head- factory authorized and warranty. warranty from or to follow instructions of operation. If would to purchase another options. You purchase the item and the item back within of the purchase to the back of the and include it with return). the back as and the would the accordingly and the products shipped to as as typically within the item Defective the of and to as as typically within the item You the item with and to include with the item to to and of the and the item to within If received the (allowing charge credit the amount of the Please that this as customers to back to as as Products back to Please products back the (or another that please headphones back JUST the headphone as that they as-new when them! HIGHLY that insured and required cant or Finally, to include the completed and WRITE YOUR NAME the of the Products to: MT www.headphone.com
People to to with headphones than they would with To hearing to to (or to too to to the headphones to satisfactory they to headphones of or higher to high though the appear to to Generally when to headphones should the to the which the sound isnt too sound hearing, continually. On the other hand, quickly. to sound anywhere the the sound, the the to to this of information about hearing The type of caused prolonged or sound It as and/or the ears, and become If that ears or that there of or trying to that ears them (or they fresh). If these hearing fool thinking that or allthere of hearing might where ears the of once of ears to further to about to sounds. Sorry to sound of ears that told to If about hearing Contacting Phone: MT o o Word About Hearing