Measure Health UPPER ARM IMPORTANT NOTES
Arm Text IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS DO NOT DESTROY Features: INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES NO DESTRUYA Easy-To-Read Memory with International
Introduction Product of Quality About Table of Health o tomar incluye usted Health o Text Explanations HOW TO USE the Recalling Memory Troubleshooting Arm The includes and This both easy to and clearly shown the of each reading. Congratulations purchase of the Health o Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information Introduction COMO SE USA memory users who to and their to using the built-in both and The Health o Producto Indice
and within the the American National to those the cuff/stethoscope (ANSI). This to and in-home with the Health o Please this information about physician. Please to this reference. Product E. AA (Included) A. LCD F. ON/OFF) B. Memory G. and Connector C. Arm H. D. Release
Institute/American Association of Instrumentation concerning as as the EMC 89/336/EEC: and conforms to the of the EC 93/42/EEC regulations and bears the CE CE The of the This conforms with the American National Monitors. the with the or ANSI/AAMI SP10 of Quality Text Supplementary EN EN BOUT LOOD RESSURE What CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL health associated to high with Also, as people society. There of high with This necessity those with high them high to health to the exerted the of the artery while The measured when the heart with flowing and of the heart the reading (higher flows through the artery. The measured when the heart the heart the (lowest Measure Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC. ANSI/AAMI SP10 o EN EN
AM PM PM AM people and age identified. This however, as to which of and high-risk The World Health (WHO) Text usted physician It that with physician regularly. Normal Normal throughout the It influenced seasonal and the of the month, and Years Old) Within the Fluctuation (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Telephone the Arrive Office
Explanations Rate Text when Appears when Appears when inflation Appears when should of Memory the Rate o reemplace AA Ocurre the cover the first, then Press and the cover the of the arrow to the the or AA the the top of the to the of the Pulso
as directed The POWER and nothing appears the You to the when: The battery appears the medirse immediately To readings, please hour to readings: HOW TO USE: COMO SE USA: or or If or while It that to reading. You should physically or exhausted when Usted Usted POWER location least hour If the (near about SECOND
the the Index of the through the (B) of the the (A) the Applying the Arm Index o EE through the The OK should the top with the the the of as shown the below. of forearm. the artery the The should the of arm. OK Inch the too tight or too EE approximately inch Tighten the the Index of the cuff. The should tensioned the to allow the insertion of the and arm. If the Turn and the of the the (A) Indice (B)
tomar If the within the OK indicated the of the the OK If the of cuff, this Please the purchase of www.healthometer.com. or the Health o Text POWER o antes Release arrow flashes, this that there the cuff. Release the Release Press the appear POWER to If the appears with the that the the as heart. OK, usted o Health o www.healthometer.com. OK, The ready this
the to increase the cuff. The reaches the reading within the cuff. the If the the high enough, arrow to that should POWER Text the the and the and reading memory. The readings memory. and the to and It to and The arrow the release the released. usted Press the to the off. The POWER off pressed. bombeando usted
To readings from the memory, the MEMORY The of readings recorded memory displayed. Text Recalling Memory readings memory displayed with their Another of the MEMORY the previous of readings. MEMORY The the memory when the You the the batteries. switched off. MEMORY
them with AA If should please the following the the Correction the properly the the when the POWER Troubleshooting Symptom Text and than the properly that and tensioned correctly the tensioned correctly? the correctly? the enough? or the EE shown the displayed excessively or the (or high) usted hacerle usted usted o usted If the please the Warranty Information this should the and repairs yourself. the with the EE o (o bombee POWER AA
cloth. the too the or cleaners thinner, or Clean the and the with slightly as cleaner. or impacts to the and from Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. high-precision Health o Text Precautionary Notes: Usted hacerle Products, Inc. Health o o o o o o o usted. Products, Inc. as outlined the Warranty information this to If the properly please You should to the should to serviceable. Health o To the should operated the the when the of If the allow to reach (thinner), users with or or of or who from or users, this Please physician to o Health o
of reading Release Deflation Conductor Inflation Inflation Specifications: Text -5C 60C 23F 140F Humidity:10 10C 40C (50F 104F); Humidity: inches) Arm DC (AA) Source Auto-shut-off (G.W.) (without (L) (W) (H) memory Memory K.B BF inches) (optional) To recommended that completed every years. Short operation K.B. of type BF **Specifications to without 10C 40C (50F 104F); (AA) CD (L) (W) (H) -5C 60C 23F 140F Pulso: Pulso:
Products, Inc. Products, Inc., FL Health o Products, Inc. o Products, Inc. o Health o www.healthometer.com and workmanship. its option, or this or of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that covered the Warranty Health o Products the right to or the and with or or performance. service or the of purchase to warranty of the found to the warranty of years from the of purchase, this free from of this warranty. Text Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o This warranty cover wear of or from of the to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o hacer o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o warranty of merchantability or the breach of or warranty. to the prohibited to the of the warranty. states, or caused rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to of Products, Inc. Health o Distributed Products, Inc., FL Products, Inc. rights
Health UPPER ARM NOTAS IMPORTANTES DE BRAZO IMPORTANT NOTES Please this using this Measure Health
Arm Text IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS DO NOT DESTROY Features: NO DESTRUYA INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES Easy-To-Read Memory with International
Table of Introduction Product of Quality About Health o tomar incluye usted Health o Text Explanations HOW TO USE the Recalling Memory Troubleshooting Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information Congratulations purchase of the Health o clearly shown the of each reading. This both easy to and ideally The includes and Arm Introduction COMO SE USA The Health o both and to the built-in memory who to and their Producto Indice
and within the the American National to those using the cuff/stethoscope (ANSI). This to and in-home with the Health o Please this information about own physician. Please to this reference. Product E. AA (Included) A. LCD F. ON/OFF) B. Memory G. and Connector C. Arm H. D. Release
of Quality or ANSI/AAMI SP10 Monitors. the with the This conforms with the American National regulations and bears the CE CE The of the and conforms to the of the EC 93/42/EEC concerning as as the EMC 89/336/EEC: Association of Instrumentation Text BOUT LOOD RESSURE EN EN CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL What the heart the (lowest flows through the artery. The measured when the heart and of the heart the reading (higher The measured when the heart with flowing the exerted the of the artery while health to them high to necessity those with high with This people There of high Also, as health associated to high with ANSI/AAMI SP10 o EN (Dic. EN Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC.
AM PM PM AM people and age identified. This however, as to which of and high-risk The World Health (WHO) Text physician It that with physician regularly. Normal usted Normal throughout the It influenced seasonal and the of the month, and Years Old) Fluctuation Within the (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Telephone the Arrive Office
Rate Explanations Text the Rate of Memory Appears when should Appears when inflation Appears when when o reemplace AA Ocurre of the to the battery the top of the or AA the Press and the cover the of the arrow to the the the the first, then
as directed The and nothing appears the POWER You to the when: The battery appears the immediately To readings, please hour to readings: HOW TO USE: COMO SE USA: or or If or while It that to reading. You should physically or exhausted when Usted Usted POWER location least hour If the about SECOND
the Arm the (A) the the (B) of the cuff. the cuff, the Index of the through Index o EE The should the of arm. of forearm. the artery the the top with the the the of as shown the below. through the The OK should OK Inch the Turn and the of the allow the insertion of the and arm. If the Index of the The should tensioned the to inch Tighten the the the too tight or too EE (A) Indice (B)
tomar If the within the OK indicated the of the the OK If the of cuff, this Please the purchase of www.healthometer.com. or the Health o Text POWER o Release arrow flashes, this that there the Release the Release Press the appear POWER approximately to If the appears with the that the the as heart. OK, OK, usted o Health o www.healthometer.com. The ready this
to that should If the the high enough, arrow the reading within the the reaches approximately the to increase the cuff. The POWER Text It to and and the to and readings memory. and the and reading memory. The the the release the released. The arrow the usted off pressed. Press the POWER to the off. The bombeando usted bombeando.
To readings from the memory, the MEMORY The of readings recorded memory displayed. Text Recalling Memory readings memory displayed with their Another of the MEMORY the previous of readings. MEMORY The the memory when the You the the batteries. switched off. MEMORY
Troubleshooting when the POWER the properly the the Correction the the If should please the following AA them with Symptom Text or the displayed EE shown the (or high) the or the correctly? the enough? the tensioned correctly? correctly that and the properly Measure than and usted hacerle usted usted o usted the the with the and repairs yourself. this should If the please the Warranty Information EE o (o bombee POWER AA
cloth. the too the or cleaners thinner, or Clean the and the with slightly as cleaner. or impacts to the and from Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. high-precision Health o Text Precautionary Notes: Health o Usted hacerle Products, Inc. o o o o o o usted. Products, Inc. as outlined the Warranty information this to If the properly please You should to the should to field serviceable. Health o To the should operated the the when the of If the near allow to reach (thinner), with or beats or of or who from or users, this Please physician to Health o o
Inflation Inflation Conductor Release Deflation of reading Specifications: Text memory Memory (L) (W) (H) (G.W.) (without operation Auto-shut-off DC (AA) Source inches) Arm 10C 40C (50F 104F); Humidity: -5C 60C 23F 140F Humidity:10 K.B BF **Specifications to without of type BF Short K.B. To recommended that completed every years. inches) (optional) 10C 40C (50F 104F); (AA) CD (L) (W) (H) -5C 60C 23F 140F Pulso:
o Health o www.healthometer.com Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc., FL Products, Inc. and workmanship. its option, or this or of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that covered the Warranty Health o Products the right to or the terms and with or or performance. service or of the found to the warranty the of purchase to warranty of years from the of purchase, this from of this warranty. Text Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o o Products, Inc. This warranty cover wear of or from of the to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty cover Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o warranty of merchantability or the breach of or warranty. to the to the of the warranty. states, or caused rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to of Products, Inc. Health o Distributed Products, Inc., FL Products, Inc. rights