PROFESSIONAL BODY PROFESSIONAL BODY PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND SAVE This information about this operation. If purchased this others this or with the If service required, to of purchase. service, through Eastern MONITOR AND SCALE MONITOR AND SCALE USER2 USER1 BFM980 SET
Congratulations purchase of this HEALTH-O-METER Its than ically advanced information and weight and Its easy to and information people. Once only to there to the the and Its that About About According to the US nearly one-fourth of Americans as abnormally high of to factor health including heart high and of The Health o Professional and physical BODY FAT COMPOSITION and BODY WEIGHT. The Health o Professional and the of and Not the of both and includes and bone. and amount of health. It the and insulates and protects Too however, healthy. If bathroom the know what overallboth and together. The Health o Professional and both and The Health o Professional and BIA or from the foot through the The through and The the or of the through the Since everyone the to height, whichalong with to the of the The shows the of
MEN WOMEN to17.0 to to to to to to to to to from and Edition. to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
Please instructions to with and operations the of this with (heart and legs/thighs and straight when the slightly higher or children with with with and other health the Battery the cover the back of the the cover back and the as indicated the cover. If "L" appears the the battery. Unit of The Health-o-meter Professional and to the of to users. to input the age and Once the information only to there to the the Health-o-meter Professional and the the LCD should If the LCD seconds without touching or the and the off. First Instructions On the back of the the switch to the of to LB or KG.
the "SET" to the "UP" and "DOWN" buttons to switch and Once the "SET". The Press the "UP" or "DOWN" height shows the height "SET". The Press the "UP" or "DOWN" age shows the age displays, "SET". Both "M" and "F" Press the "UP" or "DOWN" to switch M" and "F". displays, "SET". The height, and then plays. The and ready reading. You ready to and easy operating instructions. to NOTE: If within seconds, the off automatically. Instructions the the Gently or and right of with properly this appear the appears the the only!) the of the the NOTE:
and weight appear the seconds. "BF" flashes and appears the off seconds. If "E" appears the occurred. off the and the The "E" appear when the than the capacity. NEVER apply the capacity. Instructions Reading: the the such as Gently the of the platform to ON. the displayed. the and to and displayed. off the and the off automatically. NOTE: the appears E If E appear, off the and NOTE: It to the the to weight-only reading. NOTE: It to and from to another, Educational Educational How Professional and Work? Professional and "BIA" or The through While the easily through to through The the the higher To simply, the the with height and to BIA affected food and and of to regularly. about short-term the and health!
Tips: with health or other to the of first thing the morning. Dont eat or hours the Dont or the Once reach and once to healthy Promotes Healthy Loss! Amy and both and pounds. Each of To Amy and reduced and At the of each pounds. Whats the ference? from the chart, Amy actually and NOTE: The this to from or professional. Please with or or reduction Health o responsibility or third party.
You health membership or to The to activity whether or and with slowly, then to of activity three to four stress, increase increase and and tone of the the burn! Thats right. burn while and while The build, the becomes to healthy of and thats know that the of and pounds of as of the process? Building and healthy to life-long or heart strengthening heart and while include or and To effective, reach and within heart as of heart To heart from To heart heart If heart Heart Rate Heart Rate The American Heart Association recommends of three to four to fitness. or the and tones the While these which include and directly burn they The the easily and reduce professionals least of train- to three
Tips: what to the and Choose and to to as both motivated. activity, and Through burning With and bone already learned health and learn to and the from Professional and Every and ever-changing. Its weight to as as three pounds throughout the While this usually associated with slightly. Thats why to establish The first Professional and and this chart. You these to weight and then each the of of of Once numbers, ready to Professional and to reach
Measure The to long-term and health building and healthy thin unhealthy of technically healthy. and Health professionals healthy as follows: than or or as of or Measuring and together of of and reflects healthy to or of or isnt and cant Everyone fact, healthy. It cushions and insulates and It It It the when food If too Too however, to serious health including heart high type osteoarthritis, and other and of Right healthy to the thats right Healthy Women to to to to Years Years
Healthy Health and isnt about counting or and eating right, regularly, and and together. Eat know actually too crash Why? radically reducing Instead think choices." and reduce the of eat or of where they from the throughout the as Eating Tips: than of from with than Instead, eat every and to Learn to food and follow recommended with activity Eat activity than where rigorous Follow the Food as to healthy, anced eating
5-Y ear ear 5-Y DO NOT RETURN THIS PRODUCT TO PLACE OF PURCHASE Products, Inc. warrants that of years from the of purchase, this free from and workmanship. its option, or this or of the found to the warranty with or or If the with of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of chase and the of purchase to warranty performance. service or products the right to or the and of this warranty. The warranty wear of or from of the or disassembly, or other than the warranty cover Acts of such as fire, and or caused the breach of or warranty or to the warranty of merchant-ability or to the of the warranty. other or or or otherwise. or allow the or of or or warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights that or to Warranty Service to Authorization warranty service. Then, the with of the included. UPS or with to: Products, Inc. that properly to to the factory. Please allow four service. If covered warranty, or of or to to servicing or NOT LEGAL FOR TRADE to specifications Healthometer of Products, Inc., MS Rights MS R/A