R48 Recycling 445E, 446E, 447E 280R00001, 280S00001,or 280T00001 and G008079
Introduction this information to learn to and properly and to and You operating the properly and service, or information, Authorized Service and the and of the location of the and the and plate This and the which that serious or death follow the recommended This to highlight information. to mechanical information and information worthy of Introduction.................................................................2 Safety.................................3 Sound Sound and Instructional Unfolding the the with the 447E Only) Charging the Battery 447E Only)...............7 Product Operation.....................................................................8 the Checking the the Cutting Height the the 446E and 447E Only) the Recycling the the the Tips................................................... Recommended Schedule(s) Procedures.................................... the Gears............................... the the Charging the Battery 447E Only).............................................................. the 447E Only) the the Cleaning the the the from Printed the USA. Rights
Improperly using or this To reduce the injury, with these instructions. This and tested reasonably service; however, to comply with the following instructions injury. To performance, and to knowledge of the that and other of the and the of this the started. to the which Warning, or instruction. and the instruction to with to comply with the instruction injury. The following instructions from the ISO This of and and throwing to the following instructions serious or death. the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the the age of the that the or or occurring to other people or their property. pictograms the or the instructions. WARNING the following specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of and securely. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and stones, wires, bones and other inspect to that guards, and such as and/or and correctly. inspect to that the and assembly or or and to Starting and clutches and the when the or switching the the to this than absolutely and only the which from the the or switch the to instructions and with from the and front of the while or only or light. the terrain and other or or rotating clear of the or while the when or
when the of and and when of footing throttle when the traction-clutch, high gears. and to or of Stop the the to when other than and when the to and from the to the where Stop the whenever the the height from the the and the lead. clearing or cleaning or the inspect the and repairs restarting and operating the to abnormally immediately). Watch when crossing or and and screws tight to the cleaning the with the and building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and free of or grease. and the and with when necessary. or If the to this the or the increase the of injury. On as rotating others to of the to of the and of the To the performance and purchase and and they Sound This A-weighted sound the ear of based of EN ISO and EN Sound This A-weighted sound of based of ISO This hand/arm of based of EN and EN
and Instructional Decals and instruction located of Indicates the as from the of the the the the cover. the the cover. of 447E Warningread the Cutting, of or footstay from Cutting, of or footremove the the Thrown from the Thrown
Unfolding the Unlock the the sections the operating and the Unlock the and the and that to Highest Lowest You the to of the to of the the of the If the clockwise or to then the the with with the the the the reaches the the type: SAE 30W with API service of SF, SG, SH, SJ, SL, or higher.) the securely. the the first operating hours; thereafter. to the
the 447E Only) with that protects the You the with the or charge the the the cover and the and the Screw Battery cover Battery the (from the the with the owners and another the the and the cover. Charging the Battery 447E Only) to Charging the Battery the section.
Product fill/Dipstick shown) height 446E and 447E only) 447E only) Rear 447E shown the and fire or from burn and others. To charge from the the and/or directly the ground vehicle or the when the cold. when or around or G008078 of the reach of the with fresh To reduce to the season, with than Checking the Service each or the the clean, and the the and the If the below the the the to the to the the type: SAE 30W
with API service of SF, SG, SH, SJ, SL, or higher.) the the Cutting Height the height with the causing serious injury. Stop the and to the housing when the height. If the the and from the the height as four to the height. To the the height to the them both rearward the the with thumb, the releasing each If the below 13C, the the the the or the as shown 447E only).
If the or (or within seconds using the the or and If the Authorized Service the 446E and 447E Only) To the with the and and the with the Release the the the when the release the both the and should within seconds. If they properly, immediately and Authorized Service Recycling the from the factory ready to the and back the The the while recycling the To the the to the recycling Recycling the the when to and from the allow and other to thrown the or and serious or death to the or the frequently. If The contacting the serious injury. Stop the and to the operating
To the the to the and the to the the and the the and the G008083 Removing the To the the the the If the the to Removing the rear-discharging the The should the The the serious the and to the operating Clear the of stones, wire, branches, and other that the with the If the or to immediately the the from the and the performance, the season the when with Cutting about third of the below the the or when to to the Cutting the highest height and then the appearance. If the too the and the to or and to the and the to or the to
or serious and the the This the the If the finished appearance unsatisfactory, or of the following: the or sharpened. while the height the frequently. instead of with each the height the front notch than the the front and the rear the that of the shows through the cover. You to than the If there than of the the front height or notches higher than the height. the the finely enough.
Recommended Service Procedure the first hours the the that the within seconds releasing the each or Clean the Charge the hours. 447E only) Every hours the or sharpened the quickly). the Every hours Clean the cooling to owners Every hours the to owners Empty the repairs as directed and Yearly Procedures the and to the from the the procedure(s), the to the the to the or the allow the to through If the to of the wheel gears. the operating the to owners to to the the its with the the the to and injury. the or the with
the Gears Service YearlyLubricate the wheel the the and the Apply to the as shown the the Service YearlyReplace the operating the to the cover and the and the cover. the Service the first hoursChange the the the to flows and the to the the its with the to the through the Every hoursChange the
the the reaches the the type: SAE 30W with API service of SF, SG, SH, SJ, SL, or higher.) the securely. of the properly recycling Charging the Battery 447E Only) Service Every hoursCharge the hours. 447E only) the and charge the C) whenever the charger to the located below the the charger the of the battery. the 447E Only) If the charge or the with the the with type to the
the If properly, the the the mount mount the back rearward the the the Exposed the inch mount You the of the mount and the of the the the ground the increases the ground Tighten the firmly. the and the this necessary.
the Service Every hoursReplace the or sharpened the You wrench to the properly. If wrench or this Authorized Service the whenever of If the or cracked, immediately. If the or sharpened or The contacting the serious Wear when servicing the the from the to the its with the the mounting the and mounting the of the to the housing. wrench to the to to tight. While the with of the ratchet or wrench and the securely. This to
Cleaning Cleaning the Service each or the the the to from the or the and or property the or the with the the to the the from the the its with the the and with or burrs and the of the housing with Turn the upright cleaning the the cool, clean, the than the Allow the to cool On the of the to the as directed the the the from of the and Allow the to the sufficiently the from the the of through the and the to throughout the to the off-season. the Tighten and screws. Charge the hours 447E), then the charger and the unheated If the heated charge the every the from the and the the to the from the the and with wrench to Charge the hours 447E only). the to the
Notes:
Notes:
months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) that this service Authorised Service months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service boxes completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone
CUS TOMER INFO RMATION of HAYTER LIMITED, SPELLBROOK, BISHOPS STORTFORD, HERTS. CM23 4BU, ENGLAND