Measure Health AUTOMATIC WRIST AUTOMTICO DE MUECA Please this this IMPORTANT NOTES Measure Health
Un Hora Text New IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Memory Readings Precisely Easy-To-Read Deflation Greater One-Touch Two-User Memory and Indication Compact and Shut-Off Features: DO NOT DESTROY NO DESTRUYA INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES with International
Introduction Reference of Quality About the About Carrying Product Explanations the HOW TO USE Applying the Recalling Memory Clearing from Memory Troubleshooting Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information of COMO SE USA Text New Producto Hora
This fully-automatic, wrist-mounted clearly shown the of each reading. With its The includes and the only both easy to and ideally purchase of the Health o family. features, this Health o Text New Introduction Con usted Health o Health o Americano (ANSI) to those the cuff/stethoscope with the Health o and within the the American National (ANSI). This to and in-home With this to who to and their Memory each This users and both and The Health o Health o tomar incluye Con Health o usted Please this information about physician. Please to this reference.
This then D. Press ON/OFF/START Reference A. when to users. The completed and memory. of measured Health o E. Memory Battery AAA B. Applying the F. Memory Apply to LEFT wrist with PALM FACING UP. C. Correct Memory then to from User-Selection to that Memory Tips, the the wrist heart
usted CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL Health o inflarse, Health o regulations and bears the CE CE The of the 93/42/EEC concerning as as the EMC Institute/American Association of Instrumentation Non- This conforms with the American National Monitors. the with the and conforms to the of the EC 89/336/EEC: Supplementary or EN EN ANSI/AAMI SB10 Text New of Quality the the establish of the artery, the the of the wrist cuff, the and based this Once the inflates to the which to the The of the to the detecting the of the detecting the and the of the the this of and the process, Health o Health o About the Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC. o ANSI/AAMI SB10 EN (Dic. EN BOUT LOOD RESSURE What flows through the artery. The measured when the heart and measured when the heart with flowing back the heart the the the of the artery while of the heart the reading (higher The (lowest
with This health associated to high with those with high them high category to Also, as people society. There of high health to Text New AM PM PM AM The World Health (WHO) to which of and high-risk identified. This however, as people and age Normal usted Normal It that with physician regularly. physician Years Old) Fluctuation Within the the of the month, and throughout the It influenced seasonal and (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Meeting Telephone the Arrive Office
the carrying Please Health o as shown below: Carrying Product H. AAA (Included) D. E. ON/OFF) A. LCD G. Selection C. F. Battery B. Memory
Explanations Rate Memory the of Memory Battery Appears when should Appears when the operated of Memory Memory Appears when the operated Memory the memory memory the of the cover. the cover the top of the Click the other to the the cover the of the the first the with the the other and the Battery (AAA) the of the to cover. when
as directed the only, they than stores. the when of Nothing appears the when the switched The appears the the Text New reappear as the ready the top of the The showing To the and the the located to the entry, and the screen the the month the of this to and the to the the the hour and the as increase the Press the of the the month. the the month. the tomar Month Press the Hora Press To Confirm Selection Press To Select Month usted
C. D. Con fin If or the of the about inch from the as shown B. should and the should wrapped immediately about SECOND It that to If the You should physically or while watches, to attaching the wrist Clothing To readings, please hour or or helpful to readings: Apply to wrist with facing as shown A. location least hour OW SE while the reading. inch C OMO SA tomarse o tomarse A. B. medirse tome usted o usted tomar tome usted o usted tomar SEGUNDA C IGURE IGURE IGURE If the wrapped tightly enough, the securely around wrist there If physician with arm, the around right wrist to the the and the wrist as shown C. apply the too tightly as the smooth flow of to the hand. as shown D. inch IGURE
that the the as heart as shown A. heart located slightly below and to the of the of the and Text New C IGURA completely throughout the reading, such as to If the the as heart or as shown B. allow to with the wrist cuff. IGURE IGURE o usted B. tome C. back while the as shown C. upright and relaxing breaths. Turn upwards. IGURE IGURE C IGURE A.
The that the selected. Press the Selection to Memory or Memory OR Text New the the wrist. Press the ON/OFF/START light the The completed about seconds. OR ON/OFF/START Ready to and the to appear, the The o usted Selection This to the that higher to
then the memory the completed, and The readings each memory. shown and the memory. The User-Selection o Text New To the The immediately pressed. the or or hand This switches off approximately the operation. The memory and Each to Recalling from Memory Once the selected, the Memory or from which to the readings. The memory shown the LCD the User-Selection to the To readings from memory,
Every of the of The memory readings recalled first. Press the to Memory User-Selection to the approximately seconds, then the the selected memory automatically. Clearing from Memory or Memory both from the (Please to The both Memory and or previous readings [from both to the batteries.) You the both the memory than seconds. seconds to clear memory Press the
them with AAA If should please the following Troubleshooting the the Correction the properly the the POWER when the Symptom Text New should the and repairs yourself. If the please the Warranty Information this that correctly the properly the correctly? or the the wrist with the EE shown the displayed excessively or the (or high) usted hacerle usted EE o (o usted o usted POWER AAA
o o o o o o usted. high-precision Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. or impacts to the and from Health o or cleaners thinner, or cloth. the too the Clean the and the with slightly as cleaner. Text New Precautionary Notes: Usted hacerle Products, Inc. Health o If the allow to To the should operated the the when the of the ON/OFF/START when the around the wrist. the or cuff. (thinner), ON/OFF/START to the should to to If the properly please Products, Inc. field serviceable. You should as outlined the Warranty information this Health o or who from or users, this or of users with or Please physician to o Health o
(L) (W) (H) (L) (W) (H)] *To recommended that completed every years. 5C 45C (41F~101.3F); inches inches) Release operation 3V DC (AA) Short each of -10C 60C (14F~140F) (without batteries) of type BF of reading Inflation *Specifications to without RH years RH Specifications: Memory Source Auto-shut-off Deflation Inflation K.B. Health o ZL ZL Health o Text New -10C 60C (14F~104F); K.B. (AA) 3V CD Pulso: Pulso: 5C 45C (41F~104F); (L) (W) (H) BF RH RH countries below: The Health o other countries. The Health o ZL ZL
Products, Inc. Products, Inc., FL Products, Inc. Health o Products, Inc. o Products, Inc. o Health o www.healthometer.com of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that and workmanship. its option, or this covered the Warranty Health o or of the found to the warranty Products the right to or the and with or or performance. service or the of purchase to warranty of years from the of purchase, this from of this warranty. Text New Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o This warranty cover wear of or from of the contrary to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty cover Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o hacer o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o warranty of merchantability or the breach of or warranty. to the prohibited to the of the warranty. or caused rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to of Products, Inc. Health o Distributed Products, Inc., FL of Products, Inc. and Products, Inc. rights
or below the following LOOD RESSURE OG to healthcare practitioner: C OMMENTS LOOD RESSURE IME ATE Text New ECHA ORA RESON RTERIAL C OMENTARIOS profesional o EGISTRO DE RESIN RTERIAL
o EGISTRO DE RESIN RTERIAL profesional
Health AUTOMATIC WRIST AUTOMTICO DE MUECA IMPORTANT NOTES Please this this Measure Health
Un Hora IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Text New Memory Readings Precisely Easy-To-Read Deflation Greater Two-User Memory One-Touch and Indication Compact and Shut-Off Features: DO NOT DESTROY INSTRUCCIONES DE MEDIDAS IMPORTANTES NO DESTRUYA with International
of Introduction Reference of Quality About the About Carrying Product Explanations the HOW TO USE Applying the Recalling Memory Clearing from Memory Troubleshooting Precautionary Notes Specifications Warranty Information COMO SE USA Text New Producto Hora
This fully-automatic, wrist-mounted clearly shown the of each reading. With its The includes and the both easy to and Congratulations purchase of the Health o family. features, this Health o Text New Introduction Health o Americano (ANSI) to those using the cuff/stethoscope with the Health o and within the the American National (ANSI). This to and in-home With this to who to and their Memory each This users and both and The Health o Health o tomar incluye Con Health o usted Con usted Health o Please this information about physician. Please to this reference.
This then D. Press ON/OFF/START Reference A. when to users. The completed and memory. of measured Health o E. Memory Battery AAA B. Applying the F. Memory Apply to wrist with LEFT PALM FACING UP. C. Correct Memory then to measured from User-Selection to that Memory the the wrist heart
Health o inflarse, Health o CERCA DE LA RESIN RTERIAL usted regulations and bears the CE CE The of the Institute/American Association of Instrumentation Non- 93/42/EEC concerning as as the EMC This conforms with the American National and conforms to the of the EC Monitors. the with the 89/336/EEC: Supplementary or EN EN ANSI/AAMI SB10 Text New of Quality the the establish based this Once the inflates to the of the artery, the the of the wrist the and which to the The of the to the detecting the of the the and the of the the this of and displayed the process, Health o Health o About the ANSI/AAMI SB10 o EN (Dic. EN BOUT LOOD RESSURE Americano Americana CE CE. 93/42/EEC CE 89/336/EEC EMC. flows through the artery. The measured when the heart and measured when the heart with flowing back the heart the the exerted the of the artery while of the heart the reading (higher The (lowest What
with This health associated to high with those with high them high to Also, as people society. There of high health to Text New AM PM PM AM The World Health (WHO) to which of and high-risk identified. This however, as people and age usted Normal It that with physician regularly. physician Years Old) Within Normal the (WHO) AM PM PM AM Office Telephone the Arrive Office the of the month, and throughout the It influenced seasonal and
the carrying Please Health o as shown below: Carrying Product H. AAA (Included) D. E. ON/OFF) A. LCD G. Selection C. F. Battery B. Memory
Explanations Rate Memory the of Memory Battery Appears when should Appears when the operated of Memory Memory Appears when the operated Memory the memory memory the of the cover. the cover the top of the Click the other to the the cover the of the cover the first the with the the other and the Battery (AAA) the of the to cover. when
as directed the only, they than stores. the when of Nothing appears the when the switched The appears the the Text New reappear as the ready the top of the The showing To the and the the located to the and the the the month the Each of this to and the to the the the hour and the as increase the Press the of the the month. the the month. the tomar Month Press the Hora Press To Confirm Selection Press To Select Month fines usted
Con fin C. D. If or the of the about inch from the as shown B. should and the should wrapped immediately about SECOND It that to If the You should physically or while watches, to attaching the wrist Clothing To readings, please hour or or helpful to readings: Apply to wrist with facing as shown A. location least hour OW SE while Applying the reading. medirse tome usted o usted tomar tome usted o usted tomar SEGUNDA tomarse o tomarse A. B. C OMO SA inch C IGURE IGURE IGURE If the wrapped tightly enough, the securely around wrist there If physician with arm, the around right wrist to the the and the wrist as shown C. apply the too tightly as the smooth flow of to the hand. as shown D. inch IGURE
that the the as heart as shown A. heart located slightly below and to the of the of the and Text New IGURA C completely throughout the reading, such as towel to If the the as heart or as shown B. allow to with the wrist cuff. IGURE IGURE o usted B. tome tomando C. back while the as shown C. upright and relaxing breaths. Turn upwards. IGURE IGURE C IGURE A.
The that the selected. Press the Selection to Memory or Memory OR Text New the the wrist. Press the ON/OFF/START light the The completed about seconds. ON/OFF/START OR Ready to Measure and the to appear, the The Selection o usted This to the that higher to
then the memory The readings each memory. the completed, and shown and the memory. The User-Selection o Text New To the The immediately pressed. the or or hand This switches off the operation. The memory and to Recalling from Memory Once the selected, the Memory or from which to the readings. The memory shown the LCD the User-Selection to the To readings from memory,
Every of the of The memory readings first. Press the User-Selection to Memory to the approximately seconds, then the the selected memory automatically. Clearing from Memory or Memory both from the (Please to The both Memory and or readings [from both to the You the both the memory than seconds. seconds to clear memory Press the
them with AAA If should please the following Troubleshooting the the Correction the properly the the POWER when the Symptom Text New should the and repairs yourself. If the please the Warranty Information this that correctly the properly the correctly? or the the wrist with the EE shown the excessively or the (or high) usted hacerle usted EE o (o usted o usted POWER AAA
o o o o o o usted. high-precision Therefore, humidity, and sunlight. or impacts to the and from Health o or cleaners thinner, or cloth. the too the Clean the and the with slightly as cleaner. Text New Precautionary Notes: Health o Usted hacerle Products, Inc. If the allow it to To the should operated the the when the of the ON/OFF/START when the around the wrist. the or cuff. (thinner), ON/OFF/START to the should to to If the properly please Products, Inc. field serviceable. You should as outlined the Warranty information this Health o or users who from or users, this or of users with or Please physician to Health o o
(L) (W) (H) (L) (W) (H)] *To recommended that completed years. 5C 45C (41F~101.3F); inches inches) Release operation 3V DC (AA) Short operation each of -10C 60C (14F~140F) (without batteries) of type BF of reading Inflation *Specifications to without RH years RH Specifications: Memory capacity Source Auto-shut-off Deflation Inflation K.B. Health o ZL ZL Health o Text New -10C 60C (14F~104F); K.B. (AA) 3V CD Pulso: Pulso: 5C 45C (41F~104F); (L) (W) (H) BF RH RH countries below: The Health o other The Health o ZL ZL
o Products, Inc. o Health o www.healthometer.com Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. Products, Inc., FL Products, Inc. of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and If the with offered Products, Inc. warrants that and workmanship. its option, or this covered the Warranty Health o or of the found to the warranty Products the right to or the terms and with or or performance. service or the of purchase to warranty of years from the of purchase, this free from of this warranty. Text New Warranty Information o o o o o o o o o antedicha. o o o o o usted. usted usted o This warranty cover wear of or from of the to the operating instructions, disassembly, or following: or of the or other than or authorized service the warranty cover Acts of or such as fire, hurricane and/or warranty of merchantability or or caused the breach of or warranty. to the to the of the warranty. states, rights, and other rights that from or or warranty the or apply to This warranty or allow the or of to or to Health o Products, Inc. Products, Inc. o o o o o o o information, or to warranty service, Products, Inc. www.healthometer.com or the Health o of Products, Inc. Health o Distributed Products, Inc., FL of Products, Inc. and Products, Inc. rights
or below the following LOOD RESSURE OG to healthcare practitioner: Text New C OMMENTS LOOD RESSURE IME ATE ECHA ORA RESON RTERIAL C OMENTARIOS profesional o EGISTRO DE RESIN RTERIAL
o EGISTRO DE RESIN RTERIAL profesional