RZT420H with Recycling/Side 136E
Introduction this information to learn to and properly and to and You operating the properly and service, or information, Authorized Service or Customer Service and the and of ready. the location of the and the the the provided. and the and the below: This and the which that serious or death follow the recommended Limited, the seat This other to highlight information. to mechanical information and information worthy of Introduction.................................................................2 Rotary Turn Safety.................................5 Sound Sound Chart and Instructional the Motion the Seat Connecting the Battery Completing the Product Operation................................................................... Think Recommended Checking the Starting the the the The Interlock or the the Height of Positioning the Seat the Motion the Removing and the Tips................................................... Recommended Schedule(s) Procedures.................................... the Seat Accessing the Accessing the Battery Greasing the Bearings......................................... Rights
Servicing the Servicing the Servicing the Cleaning the Blower Housing.............................. the Charging the Battery........................................... Servicing the Checking the Servicing the Cutting the from the Front-to-Rear the the the Deflector............................. the of the Cleaning and Troubleshooting......................................................... Schematics Rotary This or the of or the or To reduce the injury, comply with these instructions and to the which CAUTION, WARNING, or DANGER instruction. to comply with the instruction or death. The following instructions from the EN EN This of and and throwing follow instructions to serious or death. the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the the of the while people, or that the or or occurring to other people or their property. should and professional and instruction. instruction should the and when with of the of the The reasons of wheel too fast; the type of its
of awareness of the of ground incorrect hitching and Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the highly specifically this and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of dissipated. and securely. inspect to that the and assembly or or and to On as rotating other to and when and to the the where daylight or light. attempting to the clutches and of than there such thing as To or when or and tight and hollows and other when loads. hitch to those sharply. when Watch when crossing or Stop the rotating crossing other than attachments, of allow the while operation. the with or without protective the or the the increase the of injury. leaving the the take-off and the and the the and the to attachments, the and the wire(s) or the clearing or cleaning or the Inspect the and repairs restarting and operating the the to abnormally immediately). to when or Stop the and to the catcher; height from the the throttle and, the with shut-off turn the off the of
and and screws tight to the the with the building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and of or grease. the catcher wear or or If the to this should to or the Turn The following information to products or other information that included the CEN which that or and clothing from of and while or which from operation. Allow to cool to or service. Battery and burns. with and clothing. Protect and clothing when with battery. Battery and from battery. to that attachments. than or which serious death, or when reduce traction and and of or and/or or and or such as tree from Watch and that the operating as rough terrain the when because the backwards. that of traction to the front to and of and or If traction, the and off the Follow the wheel or counterweights to with catchers or other attachments. These the of the and of Sound This sound the ear of based of EN and ISO Sound This sound of based of ISO This hand/arm of based of EN and EN This whole of based of EN and EN
Chart
and Instructional Decals and instructions easily to the and located of that or Warningdont the with the or the of or foot, from Indicates the as from the the instructions servicing or operating hours. Grease operating hours. of Thrown from the Thrown the without cover or of or footstay from
Height-of-cut take-off (PTO), switch switchOff switchOn operating the the operating the the Empty
or of these from the battery. fire, or Wear protection; and other Battery or burns. Wear protection immediately with and fast. the lead; Warningread the Warningread the instructions servicing or the motion to the the ignition and the wire. or shields while than and while of traction/control of traction/control the switch (PTO), off the slowly. of of and when Thrown from the operating, Battery
the chart below to that shipped. Procedure Qty. the motion Clevis the seat the battery. the and right of the from the operating the Motion Procedure the inch) and washer; the inch) as shown the motion the the motion with the the and the and washer previously this both Complete the
the motion and the seat the back to the the motion properly as necessary. Tighten G006481 G006482
the Seat this Clevis Procedure the motion and the seat. the seat to the the clevis and the of the seat the of the seat to the as shown the clevis and Seat Clevis Seat Connecting the Battery Procedure the and the of the the the and them to the to the Negative Washer Negative the seat from the board and the G005280
Completing the this Procedure Checking the the front and inflation. to Checking the the the recommended inflation Checking the the holding the and the Checking the the and the the the crankcase; to Checking the the Checking the The the factory. If the the and the front-to-rear the the the the following items with the
Product Rear wheel Height of Motion Washout wheel seat Motion Deflector Height of cover
with of the and the and the switch switch take-off) Throttle/Choke Switch The switch three and The to and back to release. Turning the to the the however, the when the to from the Throttle/Choke The throttle and combined The throttle the and from to the the the Switch Take-Off) The switch, take-off (PTO) and to the Motion and The motion of motors. or the wheel the or G005055 wheel to the amount the the outward from the to the and the the motion the when the or The located below the to the of the Height-of-Cut The height of allows the to and the from the seated the the the from the ground and when from the it lowered the ground. the height of while
the and right of the from the operating Think First Please of the instructions and the section. this information family, or injury. or and of which serious injury, death or of traction of To of and of or than and from to higher the or Turn when Turning the reduces traction. the characteristics of the when with the the and/or near drop-offs and Water Recommended and highly fire or from and others and property. the when the cold. that the the completely to the the of the the the to allow the to expand. when and from or where ignited and of the reach of than supply of without and
electricity released causing which the fire or from and others and property. the ground from vehicle vehicle or or or the and the of charge. from the or and the with its the ground. If this then such or from rather than from If used, the with the of the or or Long-term to serious and prolonged breathing of from and or from and the to the following fresh of or that the Cleans the while the which the below the to the of the the the off and the motion to the the seat the while Clean around the and the the of the the of the The the of the allows to expand. the completely the securely. that to approximately G005302
Checking the the and the the the crankcase; to Checking the the section. Starting the the seat and the motion outward to the the the switch to switchOff the throttle to or G005056 Throttle/choke Continuous Turn the ignition to to the the release the the than seconds If the to allow cool-down to follow these instructions the G005057 G005058
the the throttle to If the or hesitates, the throttle back to seconds. this as the The switch, take-off (PTO) and to the This switch to that from the including the and the the when or clutch Release the motion and the the throttle to the the with the throttle the the switch to to the On and the switchOn the the switch to to the and the G005059 switchOff the the the switch to the throttle to and throttle Turn the to The Interlock If interlock switches disconnected or the unexpectedly causing injury. with the interlock switches. the of the interlock switches and switches operating the the Interlock The to the from The The motion the The interlock to the when the of the and from the seat when the G005056
Testing the Interlock the the each If the as below, Authorized Service the immediately. While the seat, with the and the switch to On. the the should crank. While the seat, the switch to motion to the the the should crank. with the other motion While the seat, the switch to and the motion the the While the the switch, and slightly from the seat; the should While the seat, the switch to and the motion the the While the the motion to the the switch, and slightly from the seat; the should or The throttle the as measured the throttle the performance. the throttle The The of the and or to the when the the to the To the motion To straight, apply to both motion To turn, release the motion the to turn The farther the motion the the that To the motion to the to the To backward, the motion rearward To straight, apply to both motion To turn, release the the motion the to To the motion to the To the the motion to and outward to the the
switch, the throttle the and the to off. to the from the switch. Children or they or to the while the and the motion outward to the when leaving the the Height of the height-of-cut to the height the inch Height-of-cut Height-of-cut To the height of and the and to the Positioning the Seat The seat and backward. the seat where the of the and the seat and the enough that seat the seat to the and the the Motion the The motion higher or comfort. the holding the to the the to the of the with the the the G005062
the The motion or comfort. the holding the to the the enough to the or Tighten both to the the the the the the hand. the To the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the and to the operating the the of the the and right of the the rearward and then to them as shown to the wheel motors. this each of the the motion to the The to hand. location operating the the To the the and them to the of the to the wheel motors. The that to the and the Right shown
Without the cover, or catcher assembly mounted and others to and thrown with rotating and thrown or death. the from the the the If the immediately. or the to clear or the switch to and the to the and the off the Removing and the Cover The and shipped with this performance. performance the with obtained from authorized To performance, the that shipped with this when back to operation. the Cover If the the function. the and the switch. the motion outward to the the and to leaving the operating the inches) and inch) that the cover to the inches) cover inch) the cover and the the as shown the that to the and the while the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the and to the operating the and the top of the cover the the cover the and the of the the cover to the of the with inches) and inch) as shown the this the cover and
Throttle and the the to thoroughly the height-of-cut as to surround the to of the from which allows to the Cutting the First slightly than to that the height of the ground. the height the the to than inches to the to of of the It to about of the Cutting than that recommended or when slowly. Direction to the straight. This which and Normally, every four rates to the height, which often early the frequently. If first high height; then height To ground Cutting Too If the of the than the previously used, the height to that too If the to slightly than or high of the height higher than and the this Then the the lower, If the motion while of To this, previously with the the of the Clean Clean and from the of the each If and the eventually become unsatisfactory. throughout the season cleanly without tearing or the Tearing and the which and increases the chance of the sharpness, and wear or and the as necessary. If or worn, immediately with
the and right of the from the operating Recommended Schedule(s) Service Procedure each or Every hours Every hours and Every hours the Every hours Charge the and chipped to procedures. If the the switch, the and seriously or other the from the the that the the interlock the dirty, or the and cooling areas, as necessary. the Inspect the Clean the housing. Grease Service the often the wear/cracks. the often the and Clean the blower housing the
Procedures the Seat the motion the the seat The following the seat: Service Seat Battery Accessing the the If burned. Allow the to cool or touching the the both of the cover and from the facing the cover the cover from the then the cover rearward to the the of the cover from the Accessing the Battery the seat. the TORX head the cover to the the and allow the cover to lowered. cover Bracket Torx head (T25) the TORX head (T25) the cover to the as shown
cover Battery head (T25) the cover from the the cover and it to the the previously. Greasing the Service Every hoursGrease Grease Lithium Grease the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to the operating Clean the grease and with to off of the front of the fitting(s). the instructions servicing or every operating hours. G005066 Located the seat Grease every operating hours.
grease to each and grease the grease to of the bearings. grease. Servicing the Cleaner Service each or the dirty, or This with high the or the of and around the this clean. or or the with or allow the causing wear and Service the often dusty, cover cover Servicing Service Every hoursService the Every hoursReplace the the cover the with the Gently the pleated of the to the or as this the G005300
dirty, or the Clean of or from the the with the pleated and seat the the of the the cover and with the Servicing the (API service SG, SH, SJ, or higher) Crankcase Capacity: when the Viscosity: the below. Checking the Service each or the the the switch, the and the the and the to the To of the the around the and the off. the and the and the The should to, the the If the of the type, to the the the with the G005176 To wear or the the crankcase. the with the below the L or the F the the and the Service Every hoursChange the and with service SG, SH, SJ or higher as specified the the and while the The flow freely and the when or the the and as follows: the and it This the it G005068
the that the slightly than the to the completely. the switch and the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating Clean the around the and the the hose and the hose the of the hose through the the directly below the the as shown hose Turn the counter clockwise to and allow the to the to allow the and off the mounting completely, the the hose and the of the recycling the shallow with the of the type, through the threaded Stop when the reaches the of the threads. Allow or the to the Apply thin of clean to the the the to the mounting Turn the clockwise the the then the to
G005177 of the specified the the and the to Checking the to to the the and Servicing the Service Every hoursCheck and Every hoursReplace the The RFI used. recommended hours. Champion XC12YC (or inch Removing the the switch, the motion outward to the the and the the off of the Clean around the to from the and causing to the around the blowing the cavity with the effective cleaning. The when the blower housing cleaning. the and washer. and location Checking the the of the If light or the the operating properly. coating the usually the dirty. clean the the when coating, or cracks. the the and the the correct. to the the that the correctly. the to the the Cleaning the Blower Housing To cooling, the cooling and other of the G005070
Annually or every hours of operation often the blower housing and other cooling shrouds. Clean the cooling and as necessary. the cooling shrouds the housing screws to the with or cooling and/or cooling shrouds to overheating. and highly fire or from and others and property. related when the cold. this when and from or where the the Service Every hoursReplace the from the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating the seat and the from the below. The the the and
from to Hose Flow arrow the of the hose together and them from the the from the with the flow arrow from the and to the the hose to the to G005071 Charging the Battery the Battery Battery terminals or causing the to or the battery, allow the terminals to of the allow to the terminals and of the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating the to the battery. the Accessing the Battery the Procedures instructions. the ground from the Incorrect routing the and causing the to injury. the disconnecting the (red) the (red) connecting the
the cover the (red) Disconnect the (red) from the the and the from the Battery Negative washer, and washer, and Battery Charging the Battery Service storageCharge the and the from the chassis; to the Battery. Charge the of hour to overcharge the battery. the the charger from the then the charger leads from the G005072 charger Negative Black the with the disconnected, the Battery the the with the the operating the (red) to the using the previously. the to the the previously. the the (red) the with the the to the Accessing the Battery Procedures instructions. Servicing the The protected It however, blows, the malfunction or F1-30 Charge F2-25 the seat to to the To the to
Charge G005073 Checking the Service Every hoursCheck the the front and as specified. the the the when they to the reading. Rear
Servicing the Cutting throughout the season cleanly without tearing or the Tearing and the which and increases the chance of the sharpness, and wear or and the as necessary. If or worn, immediately with and to hand. or and of the thrown the or serious or death. Inspect the wear or or Inspecting or Servicing the the the switch, and the motion outward to the Stop the and the Inspecting the Service each or the Inspect the If the or and the to the Inspect the the If or this (item immediately Cutting Curved Checking the height-of-cut to the height the inch the the and Measure from to the of the this the of the Measure from to the of the the as The the obtained and inch If this inch the and replaced. to Removing the and the If with and the obtained to inch the Authorized service.
that or and seriously or or or with or notches the or of the The the of or the To performance and of the other with the or thickly-padded the washer, and from the of Curved washer the to the both of the the The its the amount of from both the of the If the the balanced and used. If the balanced, off the of the this the balanced. the the the The of the the of the to the the washer the and the the to the from The from to the the or when the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to the operating the of four If to the recommended inflation; to Checking the the section. the height-of-cut to inch
the to If both within inch required; with this to Measure Measure the and the If both within inch with this to the of the the locking the the locking the enough to allow the to inch wrench to the the wrench to the height of the and to the Stop the the and the locking the to the Tighten the rear locking the the checking the front-to-rear to the Front-to-Rear Rear locking wrench locking wrench with inch the Front-to-Rear the front-to-rear the If the front of the than inch than the of the the the following instructions: the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating the of four If to the recommended inflation; to Checking the the section. and the the to the from the height-of-cut inch and the they facing front to G005074
from the of the front to the and the of the to the If the front inch than the rear the front front to rear Measure To the front-to-rear the the front of the To the front of the the To the front of the the the front-to-rear the the front inch than the the front-to-rear the of the to the from the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to the operating the height-of-cut to the lowest the hairpin and clevis from the front the front of the to the ground. and clevis the and clear of the and the to the ground
G005077 Rear the to the from the pulley. the from the installation. Inspecting the Service Every hoursCheck the wear/cracks. the cracks, or other the when the when and cracks of the of these the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to the operating the height-of-cut inch the covers the the the shown and the off of the The when and when the the around the and the the shown and the the the covers the the the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating the the the height-of-cut to the lowest the of the and the the the front to the with the clevis and hairpin the the pulley; to the G005078
the Deflector Service each or dailyInspect the uncovered allow the to throw the or and serious Also, with the the without cover or Inspect the each items shown inch) Short stand-off the inch) from the the the of the stand-off, and the or the straight through the G005303 the the with wires and the through front of stand-off of the with inch) The the the to that to the
Cleaning the of the Service each or the housing. the of the each to action and the and the switch. the motion outward to the the the and to leaving the operating the hose coupling to the of the washout and the high the washout to the coupling and the Washout Hose Coupling the to the height-of-cut. the seat and the the switch and the to three the switch, the and the to Turn the off and the coupling from the washout If the and Then the the to three to or washout and others to thrown or with or thrown or death. or washout immediately, or the or through the
Cleaning and the switch, the motion outward to the the and the and from the of the the Clean and from the of the head and blower housing. You the with and the of the and motors. Service the cleaner; to Servicing the the section. Grease and the to the section. the crankcase and to Servicing the the section. the to Checking the the section. Charge the battery; to Servicing the Battery the section. the of the to Servicing the the section. the when the as follows. based to the the Follow the instructions from the based or effective when with fresh and the to the through the Stop the allow to cool, and the to the the section. the and the and the of properly. to the and its to Servicing the the section. With the from the of the the to crank the and the the the the the Clean and from the top of the Scrape heavy of and from the of the then the with the of the and and tighten and screws. or that or scratched or from Authorized Service the clean, or the from the switch and the to and clean.
Troubleshooting Corrective Action The overheats. The crank The or to The The The ground The the crankcase to the crankcase. The cooling and the blower housing The dirty. Clean or the or Authorized Service The switch the switch to The motion the the motion outward to the The seated. the seat. The Charge the battery. The the or the relay or switch Authorized Service The empty. the The the to On. The dirty. Clean or the The wire(s) or the wire(s) the disconnected. The pitted, fouled, or correctly the incorrect. There the or Authorized Service There incorrect the the and the with the type. The the crankcase to the crankcase. The ground The dirty. Clean the The the crankcase to the crankcase. The cooling and the blower housing The pitted, fouled, or correctly the incorrect. The the closed. the the There the the or the Authorized Service There incorrect the the and the with the type. The the The traction worn, or Authorized Service The traction off of the Authorized Service The Authorized Service the from the cooling and the obstruction from the cooling and
Corrective Action There height. The The mounting Tighten the mounting The pulley, pulley, or the pulley. The Authorized Service The is/are or unbalanced. mounting the mounting Authorized Service The the is/are The the from and front-to-rear. wheel correctly. the wheel height. The of the Clean the of the dirty. The incorrect. the Authorized Service The worn, or The off of the pulley. the and the and the The worn, or
Schematics A)
Notes:
Notes:
Year months) that this service Authorised Service Year months) that this service Authorised Service months) Please this records. months) Please this records.
LIMITED WARRANTY warrants to the user/purchaser that this from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of gearbox (where furnish their warranty and services through their authorised To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear brush/bristles, and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, clutch (B.B.C) and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishop's Hertfordshire CM23 4BU UK ONLY: of authorised and the or Freephone
CUS TOMER INFO RMATION of HAYTER LIMITED, SPELLBROOK, BISHOPS STORTFORD, HERTS. CM23 4BU, ENGLAND