PART NO: CODE SERIAL NO. 133E ISSUE HERITAGE TRACTOR CODE 133E INSTRUCTION BOOK M10/30
MAX 90N MAX 150N
warrants to the purchaser that this free from and workmanship and service of three years from the of purchase. The of the furnish their warranty and services through their authorised to Warranty To the of the warranty, the warranty within of purchase. to the and noted this warranty, option, or warranted the If or difficulty, please Authorised Service To the warranty and third of the three warranty, the services Authorised Service These chargeable services should within and months of the of purchase. from the warranty those items which to wear and tear and other wearing which with friction as covered Warranty the crankshaft friction washers, and other such with friction which with the recommended operating and covered. This warranty apply to that with, or hire, and become fitted. This warranty cover mechanical they to or workmanship. the or Authorised Service when these warranty of to To warranty the to authorised with of purchase the and of purchase. The service or this with the service completed, as of to the warranty to the and this warranty, the authorised option, or warranted within the of the warranty This warranty rights and to rights to which and rights affected this warranty. If information concerning this written warranty, or services, please write to: HAYTER LIMITED, Service Bishops Hertfordshire CM23 4BU. Service Record LIMITED WARRANTY Service Record GB
CONTENTS LIMITED WARRANTY INTERNATIONAL PICTORIALS OWNERS INFORMATION SAFE OPERATION PRACTICES ASSEMBLY OPERATION MAINTENANCE TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART INTERNATIONAL PICTORIALS IMPORTANT: The following cated or with the the learn and the each NOTE: and Warning WARNING IMPORTANT: This WARNING: Thrown Instructions This WARNING: Not This On Greater DANGER: People, From Unit. Assembled USA Swisher Corporation 133E DANGER: DANGER: From Declared airborne sound of with Directive 2000/14/EC. DANGER: Servicing Unit. WARNING: WARNING: Loading WARNING: Crushed IMPORTANT: Follow Instructions To The WARNING: Clear Declared with Directive 98/37/EC. to BS EN Seat Right with operating when the operated stationary Declared airborne with Directive 2000/14/EC, VI. Sound ear to the specifications of EN ISO to BS EN Lights Stop Clutch Rotation GB
OWNERS INFORMATION If the and the operates, the performance. this the to the Learn the location and the function of the To follow the operating instructions and the this reference. WARNING: this to This indicates: Attention! At Responsibility The WARNING: This of and and throwing to the following instructions serious or death to the or The responsibility of the to follow the instructions below. SAFE OPERATION PRACTICES Rotary Read the instructions with the and the of the allow children or people with these instructions to the the of the while or that the or or to other people or their property. should and and instruction. instruction should the and when with of the of the The reasons of too fast; the type of its of awareness of the of ground incorrect hitching and tribution. Preparation While wear footwear and trousers. the when barefoot or wearing Thoroughly inspect the where the to and which thrown the WARNING specifically this only and while the the of the or while the or when the If to the the from the of and creating of dissipated. and securely. inspect to that the and sembly or or and to On as other to the where daylight or light. to the clutches and of than there such thing as To or when or clutch slowly, when should and tight and hollows and other the of the the this when or using heavy hitch to those sharply. when counterweight(s) or when the struction Watch when crossing or Stop the rotating crossing other than of allow the while operation. the with guards or shields, or without the or the crease the of injury. the the take--off and the and the the and the to attachments, the and the lead(s) or the cleaning or cleaning or the Inspect the and restarting and operating the the to immediately). to when or Stop the and to the catcher; height from the the throttle and, the with shut--off the off the of and when and when approaching corners, or other that and On as other to to or the mechanical used. and screws tight to the the with the building where reach or Allow the to cool To reduce the fire the and free of or grease. the catcher wear or or If the to this should GB
ASSEMBLY the or the assembled. WARNING: sembly or to the the NOTE: this instruction and right the location of with the the seat. NOTE: and NOTE: To the following the shown To The Seat the from the seat the seat and the UP with the seat the the seat to the the seat the seat to the seat with the and the operating of the seat If the seat to the the seat or the seat Tighten the wing To The the front the from the of the the The attached. the the Reach the and the of the through the the the through the the switch. the switch to the the switch The switch the the of the the to the with four screws NOTE: of the that the front and that the properly that the front and that the properly Then, the and the the wheel The the the that the Battery IMPORTANT: the to the battery, the The the the seat and the UP with the seat the top and the of the the location of the If the service the the attached without charging the To The Battery If the service the the To Charge The ance Battery. To Charge The Battery WARNING: charge the battery, the tery from The from the To the from the the of the the from the right of the the protective from the charger to charge the Charge of hour. If authorised charge the battery. the and with the the the right To The Battery WARNING: To the to the the the protective from the the and cover to the with the and the to the with the and The the the with too the to rough. Also, the the housing from The BAR PSI), Rear BAR PSI). The inflated shipment. The The Housing the of correct. the that If the housing the instructions To The Housing the section of this instruction To The NOTE: The shipped from the tory with the of the as the instructions the type of and to the the information ation, and WARNING: Follow the instructions the type of and to when to the with the the cool You the the with the of the hous- the of the the Assembly properly and tight. installation. correctly installed. WARNING: that the properly and correctly The when assembled and correctly GB
OPERATION NOTE: and Location Rotation the tion to and the of the Clutch The The first function clutch. The function Switch the switch to and the the to the of the the to the height of the to the when the Throttle the throttle to increase or the of the This attachments. This or This that the ground plough, harrow, or and the To The Throttle and the throttle/choke to increase or the of the the throttle/choke to the CHOKE to The FAST with and when the throttle to the FAST charging of the and cooler ate the the FAST The the factory performance. the to increase the of the To The Rotation and the to the the the the DISEN- GAGE To the the to the the ENGAGE To the the rotation to the DISENGAGE the the the or the to the DISENGAGE WARNING: and from the and the housing when the To The To the or the of the follow the below. CAUTION: the completely the clutch/brake to the If the the Completely the clutch/ to the foot the the throttle to the SLOW To the to To backward, the to release the clutch/brake foot the the throttle to the FAST How To The Completely the clutch/brake the foot from the clutch/brake and then release the the the To release the completely the clutch/brake The release. WARNING: the the to the (N) the the to the DISENGAGE Stop the and the To The Cutting To the or the as follows. the to the housing and back to the housing. or the to the highest and the to the DIS- ENGAGE To The Unit Completely the clutch/brake to the foot the the rotation to the DISENGAGE the to the NEUTRAL the WARNING: the the the throttle to the SLOW To the the to the OFF the off located the If the shut--off To The Unit To the follow the below. the to the DIS- ENGAGE the to the highest the throttle to SLOW and FAST. To the to To The WARNING: To the from the lead. the rotation the DISENGAGE The cover the clean, To the the the as follows. the that the the Mount the the that the cover the with the To the and mount the cover to the housing with the wingnuts To With The Housing WARNING: the cover, The forces the the ground. the the If the the with from thorised IMPORTANT: with the housing, with the throttle the FAST the the to height of high or thick the the highest first and then the housing to the throttle to the SLOW tion. GB
the rotation to the ENGAGE the clutch/brake completely the to of the NOTE: heavy or with the the release the clutch/brake the throttle to the FAST tion. If to or the and the to another the of correct. the that If the housing the instructions To The Housing the ance section. WARNING: of the To On WARNING: or that too to back straight the or hill, the to the or hill. If the clutch/ and the To the the the throttle to the SLOW release the If or hill, enough the to when release the and the clutch. when hill. or hill, the throttle to the SLOW to Starting The the NOTE: The shipped from the tory with the of the and the instructions the type of and to the NOTE: the of the while the the Follow the the instructions. If necessary, the reaches the FULL the The of from ADD to FULL shown the too WARNING: when to the when the and the cool the to the FULL with the fresh and clean. Leaded increase and the of the off located the If the shut--off to the OPEN To The WARNING: The that includes switch the seat. These the the the seat. This the when the the seat. protection, this operates correctly. NOTE: The the clutch/brake and the to the DISENGAGE the clutch/brake foot the the to the (N) tion. the the DISENGAGE the throttle completely to the CHOKE or FAST the to the CHOKE Turn the to the START NOTE: If the four or the throttle to the FAST to the If the the TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART. the throttle to the SLOW To the throttle to FAST and SLOW. to the of the housing. To The Housing the ance section. the housing to the the amount of Every the the If the or immediately the Also, the the tight. the sharpened. Worn the of the to turn brown. or that correctly. the the of the housing to the the The of areas, turning to the right that the charge from or rounds, the fin- ished. If the high, to crease the the with the housing the highest and then the housing the performance and of the the with the throttle FAST the with the throttle FAST and the first or performance and with the of the each the and top of the housing performance. Also, housing fire. the These the to the the To correctly the follow the below. the throttle the FAST the ground If ground too fast, the the that the of the to become the to the height of the housing that the top third of the If the too high, the height of the housing to the Then, the housing the Also, instead of the of the housing, the Clean the of the housing. and other the from correctly. If the fast, If GB
MAINTENANCE CHART FREQUENCY MAINTENANCE REQUIRED COMMENTS or each to the of first hours to the hours to the of or to the MAINTENANCE NOTE: and The owners responsibility to this This the of the and to coverage. the the and the once the tight. Follow the section to the operating WARNING: spection, or to the the lead. the from the to the from NOTE: measured foot pounds This tight or The measured with wrench. cracks, and from and rotating and Check inflation. to the section. that the housing to the section. cracks, and Check operation. to the and and Rotation Clutch chassis and housing. to Where to instructions. Check the wear or burn Condition of to the to the from charge. to cool Inspect WARNING: inspect or the the lead. If the hits the the The the or cloth to If the and inspect the the and to the cracks, or other the that the the tight. If the hits the the lead. the or the the with the thorised Every three years, authorized service spect the or the with To The the housing. the tions To The Hous- of to the from the that the to section. to section. to section. the and the to the instructions Inspect or with authorised Clean the top and of the hous- the and Mount the and the Mount the that the If the the correctly and the with the washers and the of the washer the WARNING: the tight that the or Tighten the that the to of foot pounds the housing. To The Housing. To The Rotation WARNING: To the correctly. the the GB
performance or the of the following the throttle the FAST the to the DISENGAGE the the lead. the the that the of the to become If the of the To The If the the the the to authorised the to the DISENGAGE Stop the the lead. the operation of the the with hand. that the tightly the pulley. WARNING: If the tightly the pulley, the to authorised the to the ENGAGE the the If the or the Correct and ance from authorised the lead. and the of the the rotation to the DISENGAGE within seconds. If there of the or the to and the rotation to from If the to thorised To The If the NEUTRAL the match the the as follows. Stop the the from the shifter the the NEUTRAL the the To the with the the shifter the the to the shifter the NEUTRAL the matches the To The Clutch If the motion the clutch when; hill, heavy or the the clutch as follows. WARNING: spection, or to the the leadg to the from the routing of the motion the correctly and the the washer and from the the from the assembly the the with the of the the the clutch the rear. Turn the the through the the the to the and to the with the washer and If the the clutch then the motion or and replaced. To The Motion To The Completely the clutch/brake the the to the (N) and the If the or the the as follows. The location of the the of the gearbox the and the (N). Turn the clockwise the rear when the Release the and the If the the counter--clockwise the the the If the turn, the correctly Release the WARNING: If correctly the the Correct and from authorised To The Battery To charge or clean the the from the as follows. WARNING: To the from the the WARNING: The which to the and clothing. If the the or clothing, with the from the the from the To the from the the of the the from the right of the To Charge The Battery WARNING: charge the battery, the from The from the charge the the from the To charge the tery Charge of the WARNING: To the to the the the to the with the as shown. the to the with the as shown. the battery to the tery To The Housing If the housing the and the WARNING: spection, or to the the to the from the the the If the incorrect, the housing the inflated BAR PSI), Rear BAR PSI). the cover the to the LEVEL ADJUSTMENT and the front and both of the housing Also, the and plates and easily or Tighten the front and the tight. If necessary, wrench to the to of foot pounds to of foot pounds GB
the from the LEVEL ADJUSTMENT to CUTTING HEIGHT the cover If the height of the CAUTION: with the housing the LEVEL ADJUSTMENT tion If the LEVEL ADJUST- MENT the housing and To with grease with grease Apply grease with to the shown. the shown with NOTE: Apply grease to the sembly. CAUTION: If the operated that graphite to the The the the with too the to rough. Also, the the housing from The BAR PSI), Rear BAR PSI). To The Motion the housing. the tions To The Hous- Completely the and the the the to the the motion from the the motion from the or from authorised To the motion the the routing of the motion the motion correctly the the motion the the the of the clutch. the instructions To The Clutch. the housing. the tions To The Housing. How To The the housing. the tions To The Hous- the from the and the the from the and the NOTE: the with from authorised or from authorised To the motion the the housing. the tions To The Hous- the rotation the instructions To The Rotation To The Housing the to the DISENGAGE the to the LEVEL ADJUSTMENT NOTE: the the LEVEL ADJUSTMENT tion the and the washers from the C and D. the and washers from the A and B. the from the E. the front from the F. the from the G. the housing from the right of the To without the housing, the to the TOP 10.To the housing, the the the and below the To The If the service, they as follows: the to the the front wheel the the front wheel with washers and the of the to the front wheel the If the the washers the Rear the washers and the Mount the the the to the the the wheel with the the rear the the wheel with washer and If the the washer the To The If the the the and with At the of each the as follows. the from the and the the the instructions. Clean the Charge the battery. To The shown the back of this Instruction or authorized or to supply the of If to or service the outlined then Bishops CM23 4BU. the or from the authorized service found the of the telephone directory. Also, the or to the following information The GB
TROUBLE SHOOTING CHART PROBLEM: The Follow the To The this Clean the Tighten the wire. the switches. the the Clean the the the the throttle to the SLOW Turn the to the ON to the the the the PROBLEM: The Follow the To The this Charge the battery. the the or the wire. the the PROBLEM: The to the the the PROBLEM: The smooth or of the Clean the Clean the the The too the the PROBLEM: The smooth the the throttle Clean the the PROBLEM: The when the the or the wire. only to with PROBLEM: On the and PROBLEM: The the Clean the the the throttle the Clean the the PROBLEM: crease Clean the the the the PROBLEM: the Decrease the the the or pulley. the PROBLEM: The charge correctly. Stop the the housing. the height of or the the to the throttle to the FAST tion. the the Clean the and the to with charge PROBLEM: The housing the the the of the housing. the front If the front freely the PROBLEM: The the the correctly. the PROBLEM: The when the clutch the motion the correctly. the clutch. the motion PROBLEM: The or when the clutch the clutch. the motion PROBLEM: the clutch/brake released, heard. Temporary the operation of the If the routing of the the If the the clutch. PROBLEM: The terrain. the front If the front freely the PROBLEM: The to with the and the clutch depressed. the clutch to the when the clutch with the (N) the around the pulley. the the pulley. GB