www.healthometermedical.com 800KL Instruction Please this instruction There with arrow the Lithium cover to Please the with these instructions. Also, the to scratching. Please the factory to weight pounds. You or of the the of the Carpeted or the the reading) and off. This the and ready this whenever the At other straight the the and The then count to The when the locked. displayed. If off of the the off within seconds. If to the seconds and then the off automatically. Precautions Clean with slightly cloth. To treated cloths, cleaning or to or Although to maintenance-free, rough treatment. or Treat with to the performance. This to and and and To than where cleaning chemicals. The from household products the of its This to of the battery, the of fire. or the the of Battery CR2032 lithium (as the the of the the and the cover. the from the the with the the the cover clicks Battery with It LO or readings or become the battery Trouble Shooting the every yourself. without clothing whenever Clothes the to location where bumped. If while activated or while reading the readings, the of Allow to food or The of this Should appear the this that the of the exceeded. the immediately; otherwise,
LIMITED WARRANTY What the warranty cover? LLC warranted from of purchase of or workmanship of years. If to function properly, the freight and properly to If that of or workmanship customers or of charge. with or or If the with of or including repaired and covered the warranty Who Covered? The purchaser of the of purchase to warranty service. or products the right to or or the and of this warranty. What Excluded? warranty cover wear of or from of the following: or of the or contrary to the operating instruction, including or or alternations. Further, the warranty cover Acts of such as hurricanes, and This warranty rights, and other rights that from country to country, to to or to Warranty Service or showing of purchase. or to authorization of purchase to with and of the the and with and to: LLC R/A#_____________ W. IL If covered warranty, or of or to to servicing or replacing. IL www.healthometermedical.com Not Health o of Products Inc., FL