HRTL61706.0 Decal QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION Read and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL www.healthrider.com products, and
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING CONDITIONING GUIDELINES PART LIST ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY HealthRider of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, or to the following and information operating the It the of the to that users of this informed of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where children the age of and from the The should pounds or allow than the Wear clothes when using the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the To purchase HealthRider or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart the included as scribed this Properly the the the when them If the improperly they off the causing the to
the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed. the WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free the front of this and free Apply the the location shown. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. This in-home only. this or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary HealthRider PRO The PRO offers of features to and effective. when exercising, the PRO than the of other this the If read- Dumbbell/Water Upright Foot BACK Rear this please the front cover of this To please the and contacting The of the HRTL61706.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the location). reading further, please the below and with the Cord RIGHT SIDE Cushioned Platform bottle included Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and performance. If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and own screwdriver the below to the assembly. If the to to of the to assembled. To assembly. Washer that the With the of the its as shown. Partially the that the the the completely assembled. the Right Upright which RIGHT the Right Upright the the Upright the Right Upright the Upright from the of the Right Upright. that the Upright from the of the as shown the the from the Upright Wire. Thread Upright and Upright with Washers the and the of the Right Upright the Upright Screw Screw Screw Screw Washer Upright Screw Screw Upright
the from the location shown each of the shown). If necessary, to the Then, the the Partially Screw the and the base. Housing the the Housing with Screws and as shown. to the with Screw With the of the its right as shown. Partially the the the the completely assembled. the Upright the Then, thread Upright and Upright with Washers the and the of the Upright the Upright the Partially Screw the and the base. Housing the the Housing with Screws and as shown. to the with Screws
With the of the Upright and the Right Upright shown) to the from the that the and the the If there each of the Then, the the Housing and the the and the Screws the the Upright the and the the the other to the Right Upright the that the Upright tioned the of the the Right Upright as shown. the the and Right Uprights the with four Screws and four Washers four Screws them. the four
While the sembly the the Ground the to the ground from the assembly. the from the assembly to the Upright to the properly the The should together easily and If the together easily and and then IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAM- AGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the wires the of the the assembly the and Right Uprights to wires. the assembly to the with Screws Screws, them the which LEFT the Cover the and the assembly. Cover Screws the and the Upright to the Screws. the Right the Assembly Assembly Assembly
the Uprights as shown. the indicated Screws the and Right Uprights and the assembly. If necessary, back the assembly slightly to the the Uprights with those the the other Screws four; the Screws. the the Uprights that the the Uprights. the Upright each of the With the of the Upright and the Right Upright to that properly the If there of clear the the plastic. To the or the tread- included. the included the to the Assembly First From
If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the the from the and the cord. the Screw and the Access from the back of the the the (A) to the cated from the the the as shown and facing the the to the the Access with the included screws. that pinched. the Access with the Screw the other wires included with the Screws
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase HealthRider or the toll-free telephone the front of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least reducing the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Screw The temporary should only properly grounded outlet The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
CONSOLE DIAGRAM If there of clear the of the FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the built-in or the optional the features four the and of the as through The four that the and of the to pounds To the of the follow the To To
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the the reset/off near the cord. that the the the foot of the the to the the and the the of clothes. Next, the the the light. the pulled from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER If the the of the of that burn. To the increase and buttons repeatedly. Once memory. Select the the the selected. Track If selected the of the buttons P1 to P8 once or track appears the of the the To the the the increase or of the buttons numbered to If the or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. pressed, the the of the buttons pressed, the to reach the lected If of the numbered pressed, the increase reaches the selected To the the Stop The to the To the the the increase or of the buttons. The first the used, the of the and the necessary the of the as To the of the the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected
Follow with the the lected, the of the track. or the around the appear the appears. The then and the to appear The of the the of the tread- the and the or selected, the the the instead of the The right of the the of the the of burned, and The heart when the or the optional To the the Stop the and then the The and or To which of lected, the Stop while the the E English or M appear the right of the Press the crease to the of the of selected, the simplicity, tions this section to Track heart If the and the tional the the heart accurately. the the of clear from the that clean. To heart the foot and the the detected, the heart the right of the appear, or appear, and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about Turn the To the the Cool To the high the To turn off the the third If the when the the off finished exercising, the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion or the Next, the from the and If the the the the and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PRESET PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To of the the P5, P6, P7, or P8 each selected, the of the and the of the the seconds. The the The the of the the first of the Press the or the crease button to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and the the and One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the the of the (The shown the The the four shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the the to the first completed, to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the that the highest appear the The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or the too high or too manually the pressing the or buttons. Every pressed, appear or the of the to the right of the the of as the appear or those as the of the the tread- to the and the To the the Stop The to the To the the or the increase The to the of the the matically to the and the
Follow with the Measure heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the the the the and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord. HOW TO USE CALORIE PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the and of the the that Select To the P1, P2, P3, or P4 each selected, the of the and the of the flash the seconds. The the The the of the the first of the Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each or One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the four shown the to the right.
three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the the to the first completed, to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the that the highest appear the If the or the too high or too manually the the and buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the the of the the to the and the To the the button. To the the ton or the increase The to the of the the to the and that The this the of the The then to The of the of that burn the The of that the or of the the of burn affected. Follow with the heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The information that of the of hours that the operated and the of that the The information to or as the of and to turn and off the To the information the while the the the information selected, the following informa- tion shown the The of the the of (or that the and the of hours that the used. E English or M appear the right of the Press the increase to the of IMPORTANT: If appears the right of the the the This to when played the the the the from the and the the appear although the the If appears when the information selected, the the To the information the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional to the The offers hands-free operation, and to the heart To purchase the tional the toll-free the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the manently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of injury, the the foot to and back straight. the to with rather than with back. the about to the right hand to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the with the the of the cushion. lease the that the the the of the cushion. To the or from the the of light. the the HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the the of the cushion. the of the handrails. foot of the the freely the front the to the location. To reduce the of while the the foot of the and the resting the Cushion
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the and the the catch the the with both and to the CAUTION: To the of injury, the the foot the to the to and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet only single-outlet that of the specifications The with outlets. the that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the PROBLEM: The of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. With the of the Uprights as shown. the three Screws the Screw and the Screw screwdriver with least Tripped
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: only single-outlet that the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to inches the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the to the rear clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, turn the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both clock- of turn. the correctly should to each of the to inches the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. With the of the Uprights as shown. the off. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the and the to reading. Top Rear
CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the of heart readings. The only as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The intensity found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the higher the recommended heart To burn effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to the and of the tread- heart the lowest the and of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the and of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Each should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion Training increase the of heart to the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to This increase the flexibility of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART HRTL61706.0 R0806A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING to Qty. Qty. Foot Foot Screw Foot Platform Platform Screw Screw Warning Decal Platform Rear Platform Rear Bracket Screw Rear Bracket Rear Rear Washer Rear Screw Right Rear Right Foot Washer Bracket Tension Washer Switch Switch Decal Screw Screw/Cover Screw Cord Cord Bracket Screw Washer Screw Washer Screw Upright Housing Rear Washer Assembly Right Upright Right Upright Screw Screw Ground Washer Upright Upright Housing Stop Bracket Switch Switch Switch Key/Clip Switch Access
Qty. Qty. Screw Static Decal Rear Ground ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (HRTL61706.0) the NAME of the (HealthRider PRO the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the the PART LIST and the EXPLODED DRAWING to Wire, 2F M/F Wire, 2F Wire, M/F Black Wire, M/F Specifications to without
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL61706.0 R0806A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL61706.0 R0806A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL61706.0 R0806A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL61706.0 R0806A
WHAT IS COVEREDThe HealthRider PRO (Product) warranted to free of and workmanship. WHO IS COVEREDThe purchaser or the Product as from the purchaser. HOW LONG IS IT COVEREDICON Health Inc. (ICON), warrants the years. and warranted from the of purchase. WHAT WE DO TO CORRECT COVERED to without charge, or the repairs authorized ICON first and ICON trained and authorized service or, option, the Product. WHAT IS NOT or caused unauthorized service, assembly or installation, alterations, without written authorization or to and as This warranty to products or WHAT YOU MUST of purchase, such as of and the Product as specified the Customer Service of within of the as instructed, defected or, necessary, the USERS MANUALIt VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THE MANUAL operating the Product. to the specified the to and HOW TO GET PARTS AND SERVICESimply Customer Service and them and and the of Product. They to replaced, or service where Product located or to the Product service. Authorization (RA from Customer Service securely Product the the RA the of the and the Include explaining the or and of of purchase the covered warranty. ICON or indirect, or of or with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties and of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to authorized to or the terms of this warranty. This warranty rights and other rights which from to R0806A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT