HRTL91706.0 Decal QUESTIONS? to If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL www.healthrider.com products, and
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING CONDITIONING GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY HealthRider of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where the of and from the The should pounds or allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. only single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase HealthRider or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while using the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart the included only as this Properly the the the when them If the improperly they off the causing the to
the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the or the that the closed. the WARNING: this or physician. This the of or with health instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. This in-home only. this or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary HealthRider PRO The PRO offers selection of to and effective. when exercising, the PRO than the of other this the If read- this please the front cover of this To please the Dumbbell/Water Upright Foot BACK Rear and The of the HRTL91706.0. The found attached to the the front cover of this the location). To fee service warranty, the www.healthriderservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord RIGHT SIDE Cushioned Platform bottle included Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service technician to the toll-free Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and screwdriver (with least and wrench the below to the assembly. If the to it to of the to assembled. To assembly. Screw Ground Screw Screw Washer that the With the of the its as shown. the of the Uprights as shown. the of the Next, the top of the and the the to the of the Uprights with Screws Shock
With the of the its right as shown. the other the of the Uprights as shown. the of the Next, the top of the and the the to the of the Uprights with Screws With the of the that four the and the the that the the Shock covering and that the If necessary, the and the Then, the to that Next, that the If the and then the back the the the from the of the the Shock that the and the as shown; that of the the the of the Shock to the the Upright with the Shock and Then, the of the to the the with the Shock and It necessary to the back and forth to the with the Top
the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the the Uprights the Upright the the of the and of the top as shown. Next, the the Uprights the Upright the right Upright. the with four and four Washers four and then them. While the sembly the the ground to the indicated the with Ground Screw While the to the assembly, the the assembly. the from the sembly to the Upright to the properly the The should together easily and If they and then IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CON- NECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. Then, the the Assembly Assembly
the assembly the to pinching of the wires. that the ground and the from the sembly the indicated Screws the and the assembly. Screws, them Screws the indicated four Screws the and the assembly. Then, Screws and this the Screws. that properly tightened the If there of clear the the plastic. To the or the tread- included. the included the to the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the the from the and the cord. the Screw and the Access from the back of the the the (A) to the cated from the the the oriented as shown and facing the the to the the with the included screws. that wires pinched. the Access with the Screw the other wires included with the receiver. Screws Assembly Screws Assembly
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the platform. the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase HealthRider or the toll-free telephone the front of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least reducing the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Screw The temporary should properly grounded The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
CONSOLE DIAGRAM FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The revolutionary offers selection of features to effective and the of the the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional information about the optional The features interactive to to and while toning and strengthening These the of trainer to through The trainer cally the and of the and to of There three whole three and three to choose The the of and inflatable To purchase or the toll-free the front cover of this to the own and them memory To the of the follow the To To and and If there of clear the of the the plastic. To age to the platform, wear clean athletic while the The first the used, the of the and the
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the the reset/off the cord. that the the Next, the foot of the the attached to the the and the the of clothes. Then, the the the light. the pulled from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected. If selected, reselect the of the four buttons appears the the To the the the increase or of the buttons numbered to If the or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the Track increase and buttons. pressed, the the of the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected If of the numbered buttons pressed, the reaches the selected To the the Stop The to the To the the button, the increase or of the buttons. the of the as To the of the the increase and crease buttons or of the to the increase or pressed, the If of the buttons pressed, the to the selected the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected Follow with the The background To background the the selected, the that or appear around the the appears. The then and the to appear Track
The of the the the that or and the of the tread- lected, the the the instead of the The right of the the of while or the of the and The right of the heart when the or the optional The and or To which of selected or to the of THE IN- FORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE simplicity, instructions this tion to To the the Stop the and then the To the of that the the the (ODOM.) ton; the of appear the To this the The appear the seconds. heart If the and the optional the the heart accurately. the the sheets of clear from the tion, that clean. To heart the foot and the the detected, or appear the right of the and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the To the the To turn the high the To turn off the the third If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion or the Next, the from the and it If the the the the and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE CROSS TRAINER PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To trainer the the or the Whole peatedly P P P P P P P P or P appears the trainer selected, the appear the the of the and the of the the seconds, and of the of the the the the through the You the or trainer THE INFORMATION MODE Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Each or One and The and/or or other the to The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash. If the and/or of the about to the and the and/or the the the first completed, to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the that the highest appear the If the or the too high or too manually the the and buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the of the to the right of the the of as the tor appear or those as the of the the cally to the and the To the the Stop The to the To the the or the increase The to the of the the cally to the and that
the first when prompted. the first tor the the to and the of the first appear the seconds. Next, the the of repetitions the first the from the of clothes, off the and to the first The and the count the repetition of the each count. with steady motion; than repetition each count. to the accompanying chart to the each with each repetition. the repetitions with right and the tions with arm. The the of and inflatable To purchase or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this the the recommended of the PRESS START appear the To the the the back the of clothes, and the The matically to the and the The this the The then to Follow with the and Measure heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the Custom once or P10 or P11 pears the If the only three of the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the and the and the pressed, the to the and the the Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and buttons. Every pressed, tional appear or the the first of the the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with the Stop ton The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the Custom once or P10 or P11 appears the selected, the of the and the of the the seconds. The the of the of the the If three of the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and that previously. the and Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the following shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash. If the and/or of the about to the trainer and the and/or the the the first completed, to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the The this the the shown the and the The then to If the while To the or the the or buttons. the the memory. To crease the of the first the completed. Then, the ton and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the Stop the completed. To the the Stop The to the To the the or the increase The to the of the the cally to the and the Follow with the and Measure heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The information that of information. The information allows to or as the of to and to and off the To the information the the the and then release the the information lected, the following information appear the The of the the of hours that the tread- operated. The of the of or that the E or M appear the of the To the of the increase The of the the If ON as the the through and If the OFF through Press the to the You the of the through the crease repeatedly. The pears as the right the IMPORTANT: If pears the the the This to when displayed the the the the from the and the the appear the the If appears when the infor- mation selected, the that the To the information the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional offers hands-free ation as it heart To purchase the optional the toll-free telephone the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of the the foot to and back straight. the to with rather than with back. the the the that the the To the or from the the of light. the the HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the the and foot of the wheels. the it freely the front the to the location. To reduce the of injury, while the the foot of the and the resting the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with hand. the to the and It to the as the to the the and release the the with both and it to the CAUTION: To the of the the foot the to the to and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the If further please the toll-free telephone the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet only single-outlet that of the specifications The with outlets. the that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Next, the Uprights the indicated Screws screwdriver with least the Uprights to the the three Screws from the and the off. Tripped
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that the If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly tightened, should to each of the to inches the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both rear clock- of turn. the correctly tightened, should to each of the to inches the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Switch slightly screw- the shown), that the Screws shown) the from which they Then, the to reading. Top Rear
CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the of or with existing health The factors, including the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The intensity found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the higher the recommended heart To effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to the and of the tread- heart the lowest the and of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the and of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion increase the of heart to the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
PART HRTL91706.0 R1206A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING to Qty. Qty. Qty. Decal Screw Screw Foot Screw Screw Washer Platform Platform Screw Cord Foot Right Foot Bracket Rear Washer Screw Rear Washer Assembly Screw Screw Cord Shock Platform Shock Rear Rear Rear Right Rear Arm Washer Switch Switch Washer Decal Decal Platform Clevis Access Key/Clip Upright Top Clevis Rear Bracket Static Decal Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Arm Thin Arm Washer Wire, F/R Wire, M/F Wire, 2F Wire, M/F Specifications to without
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL91706.0 R1206A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL91706.0 R1206A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL91706.0 R1206A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL91706.0 R1206A
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To the front cover of this To please to the following information: the MODEL NUMBER of the (HRTL91706.0) the NAME of the (HEALTHRIDER PRO the SERIAL NUMBER of the the front cover of this the KEY NUMBER and DESCRIPTION of the to ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. obligation this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R1206A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT