www.healthrider.com HRTL78509.0 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? If or or DO NOT CON- TACT THE STORE; please Customer IMPORTANT: Please this the warranty the back cover of this Customer CALL TOLL-FREE: MT MT ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION and tions this using this this reference. USER'S MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT This the locations of the warning If or the telephone the front of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown HealthRider of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of serious and structions this and using ICON responsibility or property or through the of this this or physician. This or with health It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where children and from the The should only weighing or allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes both and wear athletic the with wearing only or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase HealthRider or the phone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROUBLESHOOTING the tread- properly.) Read, and the using the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while using the
The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the reset/off to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to to lower, or the the of the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS or the that the the securely the Inspect and properly tighten of the regularly. or the DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures scribed this the instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. The in-home only. the or institutional serious or death. If or while exercising, immediately and cool
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary HealthRider H75T The H75T offers selection of features to and effective. when ercising, the than the of other this using the If read- Accessory Foot this please the front cover of this To the and The and the location of the shown the front of this reading further, please with the that the below. Cord Platform Cushion Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service technician to the toll-free Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the coated with high-performance to the top of the or the This and performance. If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and screwdriver and wrench the below to the assembly The parentheses below each the of the from the PART LIST the of this The the parentheses the assembly. If the to to of the to assembled. To included. Washer Washer Screw Screw Washer Screw Screw
that the With the of the its Partially the that the the the completely assembled. to the the locations shown with Screws and Spacers Then, the other to the with Screws the Screws. to the with and the the freely.
the Right Upright which with Right the Right Upright the as shown. the the the Right Upright securely around the of the Upright Then, the other of the the Upright routed completely through the Right Upright. the Right Upright the with the Right Upright as shown. to the Upright the Right Upright to the with and Washers If the (A) hits the Screw attaching the the Screw the If the Screw
With the of the its right Partially the that the the the completely assembled. the Upright the with the Upright as shown. the Upright to the with and Washers If the (A) easily, the instructions the to the with and the the freely. With the of the tread- that the the the Right which with Right the the the the of the Right and of the the top. the to the the Right with the Screw the and Right the assembly. Screws each the Screws to the the from the and Right If necessary, the Cage back Assembly
Tighten with Washers the and Right assembly Tighten the four Screws the Screws. the Upright Cover the Upright and the Right Upright the Right Upright the the Right Upright the Upright to the wire. the The should together easily and If they and IF THE CONNECTORS ARE NOT CON- NECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the from the Upright Wire. the wires the Right Upright Assembly Assembly
Partially with four Washers the Right Upright and the assembly as shown; the this the of the tread- Then, the the Right Upright the assembly. the Right Upright to the assembly with three Screws the Upright shown) the Assembly Assembly
the Accessory and the Right Accessory which with "L" and "R" the the and Right Accessory Trays to the assembly with Screws the Screws. the to the shown. the this completed. the that the and the Latch oriented as shown. the Bracket and the to the with and the of the to the the with and It to the back and forth to the with the the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE that properly the the included One of the to the and To the or from the Assembly
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the the and wear. HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other or off. To the of with the right). To purchase HealthRider or the telephone the front cover of this and or only single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the slow, or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. IMPORTANT: The with outlets. This and that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The green-colored ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded Grounding
CONSOLE DIAGRAM FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of to the from the of the lected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the built- the outsfive weight four and three performance matically the and of the as through effective You and them memory The the interactive The the to interactive containing to pounds with the or with the Marathon the while the of coaches and through of rately. To purchase to www.iFit.com or the telephone the front cover of this stores. You to or with the sound while To the To the To To and and To To the information To the sound
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER IMPORTANT: If the to allow to to turning the If this, the displays or other the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the IMPORTANT: The to the played If the displays light as as the and switch the reset/off to the the turned To off the the Stop seconds. If the displays THE INFORMATION MODE to off the Next, the foot of the the attached to the the the right), and the securely the of clothes. Then, the the the displays light. IM- PORTANT: the pulled from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the IMPORTANT: If there of clear the of the the plastic. To to the platform, wear athletic while the The first the used, the of the and the The and or To which of selected, THE INFORMATION MODE simplicity, instructions this to HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the Select the the the selected. If selected, the the and then the To the the the increase or of the One buttons through If the ton or the crease the to the of the as pressing the increase and crease buttons. Each of the buttons, the the the of the buttons, the to reach the selected If of the One Touch buttons, the it reaches the selected To the the Stop The PAUSED appear the To the the the increase or of the One buttons.
the of the as To the of the the increase and crease or of the One Touch buttons. If the increase or crease the If of the One Touch buttons, the reaches the selected Follow with the displays. The the selected, the offers three The that which information shown. Press the Graphical repeatedly to the or the treadmill, the the follow- formation: The of the or or The of burned. The The that or The of completed. There four The of the whenever the heart heart while the of of which select, the or appear the seconds each the The the the of the the and the of that burned. Press the below the repeatedly the information shown. the the the instead of the The right The right the that or and the of the Press the below the right peatedly the information shown. The shows heart when the
The and right displays the of and of the To the of and the The of shown of the shows To the of and the the You the the increase and buttons. To the the appears the the the intensity of of the the To the displays, the Stop the and then the heart the the sheets of clear from the that clean. finished the treadmill, switch the reset/off to the off and the cord. IMPORTANT: If this, the wear prematurely. To heart the foot and the detected, or appear and then heart shown. each detected, appear the to heart the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the The high, and Press the repeatedly to or to turn off the the selected, the of the matically increase and as the of the increases and If the when the the off The selected while the finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop button, and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the or the Next, the from the and
HOW TO USE PRESET WORKOUT the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To or the the Workouts or the Performance Workouts repeatedly the appears the each selected, the and of the the displays seconds. The and of the of the appear the the Press the or the increase ton to the the the to the first and the the and Each One and each The and/or the the arrow appear below the of the The height of the the At the of each of tones sound and the arrow to the If and/or the the and/or the to and the to the and/or The this the arrow reaches the of the and the The then to If the or too high or too the manually the the or buttons; however, when the of the the matically to the and the To the the Stop To the the ton or the increase The to the of the the matically to the and the Follow with the displays. and heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM WORKOUT the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER of the To the Custom Workouts repeatedly the appears the If the three of appear the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUSTOM WORKOUT the and the and Press the or the increase ton to the the button, the to the first and the the and One and each arrow appear below the of the The height of the the To and the first the and of the as the and tons. Every appear or the the first of the of tones sound and the and memory. and the the and as as to forty finished with the Stop The and that and the then memory. finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE CUSTOM WORKOUT the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the Custom Workouts repeatedly the appears the each selected, the and of the the displays seconds. The and of the of the appear the If three of tors appear the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM WORKOUT the Press the or the increase ton to the the the to the first and the the and Each One and each The and/or The function the as If the while To the or the the the or buttons. the the ory. To increase the of the first the completed. Then, the and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the Stop the completed. To the temporarily, the Stop To the the ton. The to the of the the to the and the Follow with the displays. and Measure heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE AN IFIT CARD To purchase to www.iFit.com or the telephone the front cover of this stores. the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER and To the that the oriented the face-down and the the the light. Card Next, the crease and to the selected, the and of the the displays seconds. The and of the of the appear the One and each The and/or the Press the or the increase ton to the the the to the first and the the and the trainer through the You trainer THE INFOR- MATION MODE If the or the too high or too manually the the or buttons; however, when the the to the and the To the the The PAUSED appear the To the the or the increase The to the of the the to the and the Follow with the displays. and heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the CAUTION: from the when using them.
THE INFORMATION MODE The features information that of the of or that the and the of hours that the operated. The information allows to choose You or as the of and turn and off the To the information the Stop while the the and then release the Stop the information selected, the following information shown: You sired. trainer through If the ON to IN- STRUCTION, the instructions. If the PARTIAL trainer through To the the button. The the of hours the used. The the of (or that the The ENGLISH or METRIC appear the Press the increase to the of The features to the While the turned the function normally when the cord, switch the reset/off to the and the the when the the although the buttons function. If the turned the ON appear the while the informa- tion selected. To or off the the To the information the from the HOW TO USE THE STEREO SOUND SYSTEM To or through the MP3 CD or other player to the through the To the wire, the and the the Then, the other of the MP3 player, CD or other that the Next, the MP3 CD or other the or the increase and the If CD and the CD the CD the or another and the
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this, the permanently the and the cord. CAUTION: You to to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of the the foot and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the the the the that the the To the or from the the of sunlight. the the age C). HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the it to the tion as that the the the and foot wheel. the back freely the the to the location. the without back. To reduce the of while the to the foot and the resting the
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the and It to the as the to the the and release the the with both and to the CAUTION: To the of injury, the the foot the to the to and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The turn SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet single-outlet that of the specifications IMPORTANT: The with the that the the the reset/off located the near the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch to the PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch to the that the If the and then back the from the the the If the please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The displays when the from the SOLUTION: The to the displayed If the when the the turned To off the the Stop seconds. If the displays THE INFORMATION MODE to off the PROBLEM: The displays of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Next, the Uprights Then, the indicated Screws screwdriver with least Tripped
PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: only single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly tightened, should to each of the to to off the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when please the front cover of this the Uprights to the the three Screws from the and the off. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Switch slightly screwdriver. the shown), that the Screws shown) the from which they the to reading. Top
PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. If the shifted to the the to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the terclockwise of turn. to the the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the turn both clockwise, of turn. the correctly should to each of the to to off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened.
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: physician. This age or with health The factors the of heart readings. The as heart These to information, or physician. and EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the the to You heart as to the intensity The chart below shows recommended heart rates burning and To the intensity the of the chart rounded off to the near- years). The three The lowest the heart the the heart and the highest the heart To effectively, intensity of the first of the first of to If to the intensity of heart the lowest with heart the If to strengthen which activity that amounts of prolonged of the intensity of heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Warming with to of stretching and light warm-up increases heart and to with heart the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cooling with to of stretch- increases the flexibility of and to EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months of to each the to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART HRTL78509.0 R1209A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING near the of this Qty. Qty. Screw Washer Washer Screw Screw Washer Screw Screw Screw Screw Cushion Screw Screw Screw Washer Washer Cage Screw Platform Cushion Warning Decal Platform Right Foot Bracket Right Foot Foot Switch Switch Cord Cord Releaseable Upright Right Upright Upright Foot Latch Bracket Decal Accessory Right Accessory Cover/Console
Qty. Qty. Screw Right Key/Clip Specifications to without information about the back cover of this *These illustrated. Upright Right Upright White Wire, M/F Black Wire, M/F Wire, M/F Wire, M/F
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL78509.0 R1209A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL78509.0 R1209A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL78509.0 R1209A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL78509.0 R1209A
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front cover of this To to the following information when the and of the the front cover of this the of the the front cover of this the and of the the PART LIST and the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this IMPORTANT: You this within of the purchase to service warranty. to www.healthriderservice.com/registration. ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to from workmanship and and service The and warranted life- and warranted from the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. ICONs obligation this warranty to or replacing, ICONs option, the through of its authorized service which warranty preauthorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. shipped while the warranty, the charge. in-home service, the charge. This warranty to to caused or attributable to or or repairs ICON authorized service to products or or as or to products ported or purchased the US. other warranty that specifically forth autho- ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the with to of property, of or profits, of or or of or installation; or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties, and of merchantability or their and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights that from to R1209A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON Health Inc., S. W., UT