HRTL71706.1 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? to tomer If or PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT THE STORE; please Customer IMPORTANT: You the and the CALL TOLL-FREE: MST MST ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USER'S MANUAL www.proform.com products, and www.healthrider.com products, and
TABLE OF CONTENTS WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT The shown the cations shown. If or the the front cover of this and free Apply the the location shown. The shown HEALTHRIDER of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of serious and structions this and ICON responsibility or property or through the of this physician. This the age of or with health It the responsibility of the to that of this informed of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where the age of and from the The should or allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. only single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase HEALTHRIDER or the the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious injury. the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the using the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while using the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart
the only as this Properly the the the when them. If the properly they off the causing the to the while the the cord, and switch the reset/off to the off when the the the location of the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to to lower, or the or the that the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS the Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the this should only authorized service This in-home only. this or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary HEALTHRIDER PRO The PRO offers of features to and effective. when exercising, the PRO than the of other this using the If read- this please the front cover of this Dumbbell/Water Upright Foot Rear To the and The and the location of the shown the front cover of this To fee service warranty, the www.healthriderservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord Platform Cushion and bottle included. Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service technician to the Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. The of the with high-perfor- amount of to the top of the or the This and performance. If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. Assembly the included and screwdriver with least and the below to the assembly The parentheses below each the of the from the PART LIST the of the The the parentheses shows the assembly. If the to tached to of the to assembled. included. To assembly. Washer Screw Screw Screw that the With the of the its as shown. Partially the the the the completely assembled. the of the Uprights the of the and thread with Washer the top of the Next, thread with Washer the of the the the of the Upright Screw the and the base. the Screw Screw Washer Washer Washer
With the of the its right the the assembled. the other the of the Uprights the of the and thread with Washer the top of the Next, thread with Washer the of the the the other the of the Upright Screw the and the base. the Screw to the of the Uprights with Screws With the of the Uprights to the the the Uprights the the the of the and of the top as shown. Next, the the Uprights the the right Upright. the with four and four Washers four and then them. and the Screws
While the sembly the the ground to the indicated the with Ground Screw While the to the assembly, the the assembly. the from the assembly to the the The should together easily and If they and then IF THE CONNEC- TORS ARE NOT CONNECTED PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BE DAMAGED WHEN THE POWER IS TURNED ON. the nectors the the assembly the to pinching of the wires. that the ground and the from the the indicated Screws the and the assembly. Screws the indicated Screws, them Assembly Ground Assembly Assembly Screws
four Screws the and the assembly. Then, Screws and this the Screws. the Housing to the Upright with Screws both Screws and then them. that the the Latch Housing the indicated the from the that the and the the If there each of the Next, the the Housing Then, the the that properly the If there sheets of clear the the plastic. To the or the tread- included. the included the to the If purchase the optional follow the below to the included with the the from the and the cord. the Screw and the Access from the back of the the the (A) to the cated from the the the oriented as shown and facing the the to the the Access with the cluded screws. that wires pinched. the Access with the Screw the other wires included with the ceiver. Screws Assembly
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase HEALTHRIDER or the the front of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether it functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious injury. This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least reducing the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded The ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
CONSOLE DIAGRAM FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The revolutionary offers selection of features to effective. the of the the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the or the optional chest information about the optional The features interactive trainer to to and while toning and The the and of the and to of There whole and trainer to choose The the of and inflat- included). To purchase or the telephone the front cover of this ETPF59806 PFTL59806 To the follow the To the of the To trainer To the information IMPORTANT: If there of clear the of the the plastic. To to the platform, wear athletic while the The first the used, the of the and the The and or To which of selected or to the of THE INFORMATION MODE simplicity, instructions this section to
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER IMPORTANT: If the to allow to to turning the If this, the displays or other become the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the IMPORTANT: The to the played If the displays light as as the and switch the to the the turned To off the the seconds. If the displays THE INFORMATION MODE to off the Next, the foot of the the attached to the the and the securely the of clothes. Then, the the the displays light. IMPORTANT: the from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected. If Position Track selected, the of the three tons repeatedly track appears the the To the the the increase ton, or of the buttons to If the or the increase the to the of the as the increase and buttons. ton, the the of the buttons, the to reach the selected If of the buttons, the reaches the selected To the the Stop The to the To the the the increase or of the tons. the of the as To the of the the increase and crease buttons. Each button, the the buttons, the to reach the selected
Follow with the the the that or appear around the track the track appears. The track then and the to The of the the the that or and the of the selected, the the the instead of the The right of the the of burned while or the of the and The right of the heart when the or the optional To the the Stop the and then the Measure heart If the and the optional the the heart accurately. Track using the the of clear from the tion, that clean. To heart the foot and the the tected, or appear the right of the and then heart shown. the heart read- to the about seconds. Turn the The and high Press the repeatedly to or to off the If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion, or the Next, the from the and finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord. IMPORTANT: If this, the wear prematurely.
HOW TO USE CROSS TRAINER PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the trainer To of the three peatedly P P P P P or P appears the selected, the appear the the and the of the the seconds, and of the of the the the Press the or the increase to the the the to the first and of the the and Each or One and The and/or or other the to the the The flashing of the the of the The height of the flashing the the At the of each of tones sound and the of the to flash. If or the the or the to The this the of the flashes the and the The then to If the or the too high or too manually the the or buttons; however, when the of the the cally to the and the To the the To the the ton or the increase The to the of the the matically to the and that
the first when prompted. the first the the to and the of the first appear the Next, the the of repetitions the first the from the of clothes, off the and to the first Every seconds, the sound when tone sounds, repetition of the with steady motion; than repetition each tone sounds. The count the repetitions as them. to the accompanying chart to the each with each repetition. the repetitions with right and the tions with arm. The the of and included). To purchase or the telephone the front cover of this the trainer the recommended of the PRESS START appear the To the trainer the the back the of clothes, and the The cally to the and the The this the The then to Follow with the heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE The features information that track of information. The information allows to or as the of and to and off the To the information the the the and then release the Stop the information lected, the following information appear the The of the the of hours that the ated. The of the of or that the E English or M appear the of the To the of the increase The features to the While the turned the function normally when the cord, switch the reset/off to the and the the when the the displays although the tons function. If the turned appear the while the information selected. To or off the the To the information the from the THE OPTIONAL CHEST PULSE SENSOR optional offers hands-free ation as heart To purchase the optional the telephone the front cover of this
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this, the when Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow the right. CAUTION: To the of the the foot to and back straight. the to with rather than with back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the with the the and the foot release the that the the and the foot To the or from the the of light. the the C). HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the as that the the and the foot the of the handrails. foot of the the freely the front the to the location. To reduce the of while the the foot of the and the resting the Latch
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. the to the and the the the Then, lease the the with both and it to the CAUTION: To the of the only the foot the to the to and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet single-outlet that of the IMPORTANT: The with the that the the the reset/off located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the reset/off the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the the front cover of this PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the PROBLEM: The displays when the from the SOLUTION: The to the If the displays when the the turned To turn off the the Stop seconds. If the THE INFORMATION MODE to off the PROBLEM: The of the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the three Screws the off. Tripped
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that the If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to to the to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tight- If the when please the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, turn the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the turn both clock- of turn. the correctly tightened, should to each of the to to the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If the Screw the Switch slightly, and the Screw. the shown), that the Screws shown) the from which they the to reading. Top Rear
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: physician. This the of or with health The factors the of heart readings. The only as heart These to information, or physician. and EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the the to You heart as to the The chart below shows recommended heart rates burning and To the the of the chart rounded off to the near- years). The three age The lowest the heart the the heart and the highest the heart To effectively, intensity of the first of the first of to If to the of heart the lowest with heart the If to strengthen which activity that amounts of prolonged of the of heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Warming with to of stretching and light increases heart and Training to with heart the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cooling with to of increases the flexibility of and to EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months of to each the to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of Reach as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART HRTL71706.1 R0108A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING near the of this Qty. Qty. Foot Decal Screw Screw Foot Screw Platform Cushion Screw Washer Platform Platform Screw Cord Screw Foot Right Foot Clevis Bracket Assembly Washer Washer Tension Screw Screw Cord Bracket Platform Rear Rear Right Rear Stop Bracket Switch Switch Washer Decal Warning Decal Platform Housing Rear Washer Access Key/Clip Screw Upright Rear Bracket Rear Washer Switch Rear Bracket Screw Switch Switch Plate Ground Switch Screw Wire, 2F M/F Wire, 2F Black Wire, M/F Wire, M/F *These illustrated. Specifications to without
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL71706.1 R0108A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL71706.1 R0108A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL71706.1 R0108A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL71706.1 R0108A
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front cover of this To to the following information when the and of the the front cover of this the of the the front cover of this the and of the the PART LIST and the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to free from workmanship and and service The warranted years the of purchase. and warranted the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. obligation this warranty to or option, the through of its authorized service which warranty pre-authorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the customers responsibility. service, the charge. This warranty to or to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service products or or products as other warranty that specifically forth authorized ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties and warranties of merchantability or its and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights which from to R0108A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT