photo: 8000TR-OAK shown with Mount finish, and interchangeable and top photo: 8000CF-OAK shown with Biltmore and firescreen front and firescreen A. Clean (CF) allows surround to to the B. Optional weathered refractory.
At and the the fire. to that the industry-leading options and features, and The with TR, TV or DVT and features and sealed combustion chamber that off the top or flexibility. It from the only, and combustion byproducts, clean non-airtight that off the top and terminate vertically. shown with Mount and front fireplace, The sealed combustion chamber that off the top (DVT). It from the only, and combustion byproducts Clean (CF) allows surround and to to the shown with and front.
Decorative and with of these options, each finishes as indicated. The and Chateau fronts only. DF-8TRC fronts options options With fronts and finishes, interchangeable and and finishes. High fronts. Black interchangeable Chateau Firescreen or DF-8-CHAD or interchangeable and Firescreen Companions. DF-8-FS Polished Brushed
brushed or interchangeable DF-8-ESSENCE Interchangeable Decorative Waverly Interchangeable shown attached to Comfort Heat UL and Heat hearth of touch-of-a- and switch location while wherever Select and Firescreen Companion to or Firescreen Companions. DF-8-CFFS and fronts these three interchangeable or theyre easy to change. Think of them as seasons or Each to match or with fronts. Waverly IntelliSwitch WSK-MLT RCT-MLT-HNG SMART-BATT-HNG SMART-STAT-HNG Firescreen Companions The front or purchase of these Firescreen Companions to to the fronts distinctive of or to match or with the front. shown firescreen front shown firescreen front
8000TR-OAK and 8000TV-OAK Specifications MODEL HEIGHT FRONT WIDTH BACK WIDTH DEPTH GLASS SIZE 8000TR-OAK 8000TV-OAK inches; technical inches and Reference only. installation. the of NOTE: Non-combustible allowed this NOT cover the to specifications this Heat the right to The and appearance based the type of and the used. this of the fireplaces and/or or of finishes. and (NG) (LP) (LP) Optional weathered refractory High thermal 8000TV Top Corner 8000TV Top 8000TR Top Sealed combustion chamber fronts, interchangeable and Firescreen (optional) or (LP only) 8000TR Top Corner Installation, Top 8000TR Top Corner Rear
8000CF-OAK Specifications MODEL HEIGHT FRONT WIDTH BACK WIDTH DEPTH GLASS SIZE 8000CF-OAK inches; technical inches and Reference only. installation. the of NOTE: Non-combustible allowed this NOT cover the to this Heat the right to The and appearance based the type of and the used. this of the fireplaces and/or or of finishes. (NG) (LP) Optional weathered refractory DVT-Direct Top Sealed combustion chamber Firescreen front and Firescreen with of options Top Corner Top Healthy Hearth the of They sealed combustion chamber that fresh from and combustion by-products back Warranty The the industry, Heat protection including warranty of the aspects: and heat state-of-the-art reduces and thermogenerator wear when It to the
Heat MN heatnglo.com of Hearth Inc. XX-000 HNG-1006U-1206 information and this please