INSTALLATION OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS MHC36 MHR36 WOODBURNING FIREPLACE FOR MANUFACTURED HOUSING service or or property to this or information, service agency or the arrow found the text WARNING!
Precautions and Considerations A. and B. of the C. D. Preparation E. Chimney F. of G. Instructions H. Instructions Index........................................................................................................................................................... Warranty the to the and the fireplace insulation when the fireplace used. WARNING! This fireplace tested and with the optional these instructions. of optional specifically tested this the warranty and/or Precautions Please these instructions completely to follow them fireplace malfunction serious and/or property building to installation. The comply with and and regulations. supply of combustion from the house to the fire the fireplace to properly. To this, the of the optional highly recommended. the the tightly sealed, the optional combustion the to combustion. Hearth or related that from the of combustion It the responsibility of the builder/contractor to that combustion the The fireplace with the Hearth SL Chimney The terminate the to follow specifications these instructions. NEVER when there fire burning the This built only. NEVER type charcoal light or this from the fireplace. DO NOT cleaners or The when the fireplace While servicing this fireplace, off electricity or to the This shock or burns. Also, the fireplace completely cooled servicing. To fireplace and to the of and inspect and the fireplace and to and the burning season. this cleaning instructions. TABLE OF CONTENTS MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CAUTION:
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS DESIGN AND INSTALLATION CONSIDERATIONS selecting location fireplace, to of that allow to properly. This from fireplace, as as other combustion to incorrectly. Tightly sealed efficiency. Unfortunately, of directed to while to of the (insulated ceilings). This increased the Effect, that increases the the This directly the performance of To the that the airtight. the of recessed light the insulated and sealed recessed light Finally, the whole house and tightly sealed. These that the and of the If to that fireplace. that the to to and back Since fireplaces sealed, they affected the that Finally, fireplaces when their termination) located the of the when cathedral Chimneys that located the of the what known as and as as that located the of the The reason this that the the height of the the house the the If to fireplace location where the termination would located the of such as the of cathedral that using fireplace. This the homeowner fireplace that operates correctly. These factory built fireplace. They as as to improperly. this of with the operation of fireplace once completed.
This tested and with UL and Inc. and the United States. This fireplace tested and with the optional These optional purchased and of reconstruction, and should the of the fireplace installation. This fireplace and its to and operated as to or items this allowed these instructions, the and the warranty. It installation. through these instructions thoroughly and follow them throughout The Heatilator consists of the following: Combustion Refractory Termination Chimney Hearth The CP311 the of to the straight The CP313 those to the straight The following of included both the CP311 and CP313 Packs: CP311 CP313 Qty. SL324 Chimney Section SL336 Chimney Section MH842 Roof Thimble and Flashing TR344 Termination Optional (MHC36 only) A. LISTINGS AND CODE APPROVALS B. DESCRIPTION OF THE FIREPLACE SYSTEM MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with building agency to this to with including the and follow-up inspections. If installation, please or the Heatilator Technical Services Hearth Inc., W. Heatilator of Hearth Inc. WARNING! throughout these instructions typical installations and only. slightly to and clearances The and throughout these instructions to Typical
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS MHR36 with Hearth Protection Strips and MHC36 with Hearth Protection Strips, and Junction DM1036 Black DM1036B Polished (included with fireplace) DM1036S DP1036 Peception Black DP1036B Perception Polished DP1036S Perception FK22* (MHC36 only) JK9* Junction (MHC36 only) BC10 (MHC36 only) HX3 Hearth GR16 Grate (included with fireplace) (included with fireplace) *The and should the of fireplace installation. reconstruction required. to the instructions included with the JK9 and FK22 installation. DM1036 DM1036B DM1036S HX3 Hearth GR16 Grate C. SYSTEM COMPONENTS BC10 (MHC36 only) Perception DP1036 DP1036B DP1036S FK22 (MHC36 only)
Chimney The following those which with this SL306 Section SL312 Chimney Section SL318 Section SL324 Chimney Section SL336 Chimney Section SL348 Chimney Section SL315 SL330 Chimney JB877 Chimney CB876 Chimney Bracket TR344 Termination CP311 Housing CP313 Housing MH841 Housing Thimble MH842 Housing Thimble and Flashing AS8 Insulation RF370 Flashing to Pitch RF371 Flashing to Pitch MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Sections SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 Effective of snapped to another) CB876 Bracket AS8 Insulation FS338 FS339 FS340 Flashing to Pitch MH841 Thimble Flashing Firestop SL330 TR344 Round Termination with Flashing to Pitch
Locations and Several options to when choosing location fireplace. This fireplace as or corner. Locating the fireplace heat outlets or or other locations of the performance and from the front of the fireplace. Consideration should to these factors location. WARNING! housing installations the and MH842 housing thimble and flashing used. D. PRE-INSTALLATION PREPARATION Locations WARNING! Combustion of heavily fired fireplace the supply. CAUTION: The of the housing and MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fire- assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section.
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and typical installations used. Therefore, allowance when ducting directly without Wall Corner WARNING! from products of such that the from or the where other heating or and or These reduce the of fireplace or flow WARNING! To with or insulation, the fireplace or insulation. overheating and fire These rough only.
the The MHR36 and MHC36 fireplaces of The finished cavity than shows typical of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the fireplace to. Chimney sections clearance the and section. WARNING! apply finishing of the of this fireplace or fire The fireplace front covered with such as or cover or cooling cover of the to the fireplace that the of authorized The top header the the top of the fireplace assembly. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section.
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Sidewalls/Surrounds located of from the fireplace If surround constructed of located within the Short they within the location, the and clearances considered. The fireplace and tested to flexibility The following the from the of the fireplace. straight height height with height offset and height the offset and straight height the fireplace and Surrounds E. CHIMNEY REQUIREMENTS
and To overhead the offset (SL315) or (SL330) the following to the installation. offset and together or section(s) offset and return. A from Table the than It then from the that would B) the offset and return. The that SL312s. Measure the to shifted to to the overhead A to sections to the the offset to Table and the A to than the of installation. The B that with the A the clearance that to the offset and Read the chart and the of sections and the of those Whenever the firestop The effective height of the fireplace assembly measured from the of fireplace to top of WARNING! offsets to offset than from This fire the restricted. Table Chart* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 assembly of cooled of Effective built this chart. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chimney
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chimney building height the top. These what known as the Foot This states: If the from the of the to the of the or the top of the least the of the than height the highest where through the If the from the of the to the of the than height reference established the of the of ftfrom the of the The top of the least ftabove this reference than ftin height the highest where through the These the of operation. Trees, buildings, should of Sections To the to follow the below: the height of the fireplace installation. This measured from the of the fireplace assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the fireplace assembly from the height of the (measured from the of the fireplace to the of the termination to Table to what selected to the fireplace installation. the of firestop spacers, flashing, to the fireplace installation. Chimney HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY COMPONENTS Chimney SL3 Spacers FS338 FS339 FS340 SL315 SL330 Flashing RF370 RF371 Chimney Sections* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 effective height
the following: the This fireplace or Follow the instructions the fireplace to the clearance the and back of the fireplace assembly. the Protective Hearth Strips Included with fireplace hearth approximately These to protection where the and the hearth each the front of the fireplace. The each other the of the fireplace to coverage of the These should from the front and of the fireplace the the fireplace and front-to-back. with such as as necessary. the fireplace (using the located of the fireplace) to the To of the the fireplace Measure of the to they If they to the fireplace those F. FIREPLACE INSTALLATION Wear and protection. and the to the to fire. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! Positioning the Strips
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Sections straight section or offset to the top of the Chimney sections together the top section the the section. The to the of the section below The casing the casing of the section below WARNING! follow the instructions assembly of the and other to this to fire, too to the or and the of cool- the Firestop Spacers and the the firestop FS338, FS339 and FS340). the with the the the firestop spacer. These firestop spacers to the around the the firestop spacers to to the from the or fireplace EXCEPT when the insulated or this the firestop from the top to insulation from the around the CAUTION: spacers whenever the the Firestop Assembling Sections
Insulation insulation shield should when there of insulation with the factory built The insulation shield positioning the section where firestop spacer. The firestop the insulation shield. Insulation the Chimney Assembly assembling the sections through the firestop spacers as While of the height and that each section slightly from the top to the succeeding If they connected correctly, they when tested. CAUTION: and sections once together. to the height achieved with the selected WARNING! of clearance to of the to this clearance fire. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the Chimney offsets and to straight they locked with the screws (outer only), the To from the sections the and the these to or You the and to the section from the fireplace or with WARNING! sections offset and return, to reduce off-center and sections from the
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS MH842 Ceiling/Roof Thimble and the where the the to the of the and (measured the through the and Chapter of the Uniform Building The thimble completely through the shielding location to allow of ceiling/roof thicknesses. The thimble when the ceiling/roof thickness The should the thimble To the to the thimble, through the shield of the thimble the the as the to the thimble using the screws with the the thimble assembly and securely to the the flashing the and to the the provided. the flashing and the to the flashing plate and as as the the flashing. heads with assembling the and termination following the instructions with them. MH842 Ceiling/Attic Construction Roofing below the flash- plate the of and the flashing plate the and top. The of the thimble the
insulation the shields or the shield the This to height WARNING! instructions of the and termination with these To of fire, instructions strictly followed, including the of clearance and To the of those to the weather, that the chase top and termination painted with the The as with this fireplace and its It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should least the ground that allow to the The the of the the cover plate from the of the fireplace assembly where the to location/operation. Termination the sections through the using the TR344 round termination the section of the to allow of the and termination the termination following the instructions with WARNING! MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS CAUTION: The while burning the fire- when operating the TR344 Round Termination WARNING! This fireplace tested with chase the To reduce the of fire, chase the Location
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Complete the Complete the fireplace allowing and should with the clearance of the fireplace and the the as as the fireplace back and the only to fin- the of the fireplace below the of the front standoffs. such as USG MICORE CV230 Board, or USG DUROCK recommended this using the fireplace the This of combustion products. Provisions both of the fireplace to allow of or with input of BTU/hour, incorporating shutoff and complying with the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 The should with the National ANSI Z223.1-1980 The to allow to through. to the and refractory the the insulation to around the where the of the fireplace. clearance around the of the This of the the right If to the fireplace from the the cover plate and from the right of the and the the the right outershell of the with the that covered the CAUTION: Clearance Around CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section. WARNING! This fireplace tested the with heater. To reduce of injury, heater this fireplace tested and Inc. this the heater tested and this factory built fireplace, fire created that fire.
Hearth hearth with fireplaces to the front of the fireplace from both heat and The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the Seal the hearth and the front of the fireplace with of hearth should constructed with the instructions The field constructed hearth constructed from MICORE CV230, or with insulation WARNING! Hearth to only as to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the Factory Hearth Constructed Hearth MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the fireplace front. These should from the fireplace front and both of the fireplace the crack the hearth and fireplace with of Apply finishing of choice to the hearth the Hearth Finishing the of the fireplace! This and fire. You the of the fireplace. Combustible which of or with plastics, or of and whether proofed or or Noncombustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. Noncombustible which and burn; RTV103 Black (or Rutland, Inc. (or completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the fireplace and facing to to cover the front. than the top of the fireplace The of Combustible that than from the of the than from the top of the fireplace Combustible cover the of the fireplace. This clearance with Section of ANSI/ NFPA211 This fireplace tested and with as specified Section C. Please to the with each of instructions.
Information This to as heat It to function as heat as as other years. It that caused and of the that and of the fireplace with these instructions. It that the fire whenever the fireplace It recommended that inspection the fireplace to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating This factory built fireplace with (firewood) or that tested and to the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 operating fireplace, the the This fireplace tested and with heater. heater this fireplace and with the the closed the heater specifically tested and this fireplace Inc. of heater this factory built fire that fire. WARNING! DO NOT this fireplace with the the closed Combustion products the to and to combustion from and overheating to this with the the asphyxiation or fire. G. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and this instruction to owners. The informa- tion to and them about tions such as the of shelves or the of unauthorized and repairs. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around constructed houses or existing with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the allows the of the fireplace with this option. of combustion highly to heated within the and to to the fireplace properly. This fireplace correctly only to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located. CAUTION: operation from other burning which or The lighting the fire, this from the of the this with the the to and the to Please or
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS fireplace using with the the the closed. Hearth used. operation. of Grate The factory to the from of and to allow to the burning It to the fire off the hearth and to allow the ashes to beneath the fire, thereby of heat protection. Firescreen firescreen to It closed whenever the or firescreens to burning the those specifically tested and with the fireplace should used. should closed when the closed. CAUTION: while burning firescreens and HOT. with WARNING! within the clearances to bustibles, or the and instructions, Clear Near the Wood FIREWOOD fireplace performance the of the firewood seasoned of about pound, and than of about than of commonly the of seasoned about than of seasoned Soft coniferous. These with that year and their of fir, and Soft to burn and to than that their the Their found within protective or and It should noted that there that such as and to season, and to than The of and the fire with the fire off heat to the to operating and then the heat and MOISTURE: of which of burn, the factor that effects the fireplace operates the amount of the The of the owners caused trying to burn unseasoned Freshly as as of around that about pounds. with of the fireplace and to This sounds that exactly what burn unseasoned WARNING! unseasoned ignited fire that serious house fire.
SEASONING: Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to exposing the and increasing the of each tree that year and to as high as when The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow The the the the process. should the top of the protection from and covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and The with burning unseasoned twofold: heat from the of heat to the trapped This wasted that should heating Secondly, this the of which cooling fireplace and combined with and other from burning which the relatively fireplace and Starting the to the or twisted the fireplace or of to the The fires built the without of the burning of the fireplace Light the and of of established. establishing the fire and the firewood burning of three of firewood, the such to allow combustion and them. MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to burned from the fireplace and the refractory and to You the first fires. This the fireplace, and tion cracking of the refractory. This and the formance of the fireplace. If the cracks become enough that the the refractory or the should replaced. CAUTION: gasoline-type charcoal or to or freshen fire this fire- such from the fireplace. WARNING! with should with the or closed. If partially and of the fireplace creating the of both fire and first lighting fireplace, to pre-warm the to establish This holding of burn- newspaper the This reduce This correctly to allow to the fireplace Hearth the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located.
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS measured as the The amount of the The the combustion the fireplace and the of the There three establishing and of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the If the fire to and of the fireplace, or to establish and moderately high burn then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating instructions, Starting correctly and that the and the following: sections properly and the tightly sealed. The and of and branches back within of the top of the the clean and free of of or If to increase the of Since the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when using factory built or of top of as to the of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors Neighboring high winds, around the that fireplace the or usually or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat
of Ashes Ashes should with tight-fitting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. and Inspect the internally obstructions and and seams and mechanical tight. inspection which the formation of slowly, it and other which with to The the relatively cool of slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire. The should inspected least the heating season to occurred. If should to reduce the of fire. Cleaning If of or yourself. To this, the following the the fireplace to and from the the termination or housing top. Clean with to OR with and or Work and the the clean. the termination or housing top. Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as chairs, or other least four from the front of the fireplace. H. MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTIONS MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! fire permanently This paired the Chimney fires covered the ited Warranty and Protection Chimney Termination Cleaning
MHC36 AND MHR36 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Clearance Location Ashes, of Insulation Building C Chimney Checking the Assembly Cleaning Height the Chimney Bracket Chimney Sections Assembling Building Combustible Combustible Construction of the Products Finishing Locations Firescreen Firestop Flashing Location Provisions Information Grate Hearth Positioning Wall Corner Insulation the Locations Hearth Strips MH842 of Negative Noncombustible Noncombustible Overhead Obstructions INDEX Positioning Preparation Flashing Thimble Seasoning the Sidewalls/Surrounds Decorative ances Starting Surrounds Foot Termination Typical UL Unvented Heater Insulation of Seasoning of
AS PART OF ITS YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM (PROGRAM), HEARTH HOME TECHNOLOGIES INC. (HHT) pleased to offer Warranty and covering of Heatilator fireplace the the United States of America or and of HHT authority to warranty or authorize to or with the of this Warranty HHT warrants the following of Heatilator to free from and workmanship the the firebox assembly, and termination; years refractory firebox and the and warranty from the of of (the Installation The Warranty to the and of below. HHT of years from of HHT with or which their Warranty, of the then such HHT responsibility freight and charges related to such Conditions, of A. Both the Warranty and HHT apply while the its location of installation. HHT this warranty to from installation, or of the with the Instructions, and the furnished with the Appliance; which with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the such as or forced or other of other than those specified the Instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT and/or of the authorized and HHT writing. This warranty to the or HHT B. the first of the Warranty, HHT its option, or covered and charge. reasonable and freight the through the fifth years of the Warranty HHT free of charge covered or related to the of the or the or the fifth of the HHT obligation and forth HHT HHT or caused C. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. D. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights which from to to Service To service this warranty written of the to Heatilator Technical Service Hearth W. You www.heatilator.com/contact.asp. of purchase, and to HHT HHT reasonable opportunity to the including reasonable opportunity to inspect the Appliance to or and the Appliance or of the Appliance from the of installation. HHT to warranty the ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If information HEATILATOR products or to HEATILATOR WOODBURNING FIREPLACE Warranty of its 20-YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM Heatilator of Hearth Inc.