www.healthrider.com HRTL20510.1 the the reference. Decal QUESTIONS? If or or DO NOT CON- TACT THE STORE; please Customer IMPORTANT: Please this the warranty the back of this Customer CALL TOLL-FREE: MT MT ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. USERS MANUAL
TABLE OF CONTENTS WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN PART IDENTIFICATION CHART ASSEMBLY HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING EXERCISE GUIDELINES PART LIST EXPLODED DRAWING ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS LIMITED WARRANTY WARNING DECAL PLACEMENT This shows the locations of the If or the telephone the front cover of this and Apply the the location shown. The shown HEALTHRIDER of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of serious and structions this and using ICON responsibility or property or through the of this physician. This or with health It the responsibility of the to that users of this of and the as the from and the or covered or the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the where products or where children and from the The should or allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear ath- shoes. the with wearing only or connecting the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase HEALTHRIDER or the telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the slow, or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROU- BLESHOOTING the properly.) Read, and the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The only as heart
the while the the cord, and the switch the off when the the the of the switch.) to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to to lower, or the or moving the that the holding the securely the the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Inspect and properly of the regularly. DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the and procedures this the instructed to authorized Servicing other than the procedures this should authorized service only. This in-home only. this or institutional serious or death. If or while exercising, immediately and cool
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the revolutionary HEALTHRIDER H190T The H190T offers selection of features to and fective. when exercising, the than the of other this the If read- Length: Width: Foot Screws this please the front cover of this To please the and The and the location of the shown the front cover of this reading further, please the below and with the Switch Cord Platform Cushion Key/Clip
PART IDENTIFICATION CHART the below to assembly. The parentheses below each the of the from the PART LIST the of this The following the the assembly. If the to tached. included. Ground Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Screw Patch Patch Screw Washer Washer
ASSEMBLY To hire service technician to this Assembly cleared and the of the assembly. The of the coated with high-performance there top of the or the This If there top of the off with cloth and cleaner. that the of below the rear of the to the or the to the with Screws the Right shown) to the right of the the the Upright and the Ground through the indicated the the Ground to the with Ground Screw To Assembly the following the included wrench screwdriver To assembly.
the Upright which with the Upright near the the the the Upright securely around the Upright about from the Then, the other of the the Upright routed completely through the Upright. The Upright should that the the Upright the to the Upright or the Patch Screws and Patch Screws with Washers the Upright. Partially the Patch Screws and the Patch Screws the heads of the Patch Screws the Upright the Patch Screws It helpful to the Short the shown. the Right Upright shown) the There wires the right
the and Right the Cover the Upright the Right the Right Upright the the from the Upright the assembly face-down to scratching the the and Right to the assembly with Screws Assembly
With the of the assembly the Upright Route the Upright around the indicated Then, the Upright through the the of the sembly. the Upright to the wire. the The should together easily and If they and IF YOU DO NOT CONNECT THE CON- NECTORS PROPERLY, THE CONSOLE MAY BECOME DAMAGED WHEN YOU TURN ON THE POWER. the assembly the the and Right Uprights shown). to wires. the assembly with four Patch Screws and four Washers shown). four Patch Screws, them assembly completed. the Upright the the assembly. the around the Upright and off the of the Assembly Assembly Bracket
the and Right With the of the to the with four Patch Screws four Patch Screws, and then each of them. With the of the Top the the from the Top the the top of the and of the the the Top to the with Screws and Screws the locations shown. to the wire. Screws, and then each of them.
With the of the and Right the the of the the the top of the Right and the shown). With the of the assembly the and Right Uprights and the wires. the assembly the assembly. that the the assembly top of the uprights and top of the assembly. Also, to the wires. the assembly to the Uprights with four Patch Screws and four Washers shown); the Patch Screws Then, the assembly with Patch Screws the Patch Screws Tighten the four Patch Screws Assembly Assembly Wires
the and Right to the with four Patch Screws and four Washers (only shown); the Patch Screws the Patch Then, the Patch shown). Press the Right and shown) the they
IMPORTANT: and the cord. Next, and the follow through to the of the the the from the and the cord. the to the shown. the this completed. the that the and the oriented as shown. the of the to the with and the of the to the the with Patch and It to the back and forth to the with the IMPORTANT: to follow instructions this
the and Right Rear to the as shown with four Screws the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE Press the the the that properly the If there of the the plastic. To the or the included. the included the to the and
HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR HOW TO PUT ON THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR The consists of the and the the of the the of the as shown the Press the of the the the The should with the front of the Unit Next, the around and the other of the to the the of the The should clothes, tight and as high the or breasts as that the the facing and right-side-up. the from inches and the the (the covered such as or both areas. the to CARE AND MAINTENANCE Thoroughly the each The activated when the and the the off when and the If the each Chest Strap Unit activated than necessary, the prematurely. the the or other that the to sunlight of to C) or below C). or stretch the when or the Clean the clothnever or chemicals. The washed and TROUBLESHOOTING The instructions the following the with the If the function properly, the below. that wearing the as the If the function when as scribed, slightly or higher such as or to the the If heart readings appear the areas. or the near the of the the to heart readings, the user within of the The to with people who heart Heart reading caused such as tions and The operation of the affected interference caused high or other If that this relocating the
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the creases the of shock. with or serviceman whether the properly grounded. the the outlet other To the of with the right). To purchase only single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning age the of the tion This grounded. If should tion or of least to reduce the of shock. This and grounding the and the that properly and grounded with and ordinances. IMPORTANT: The with and with outlets. This temporary to the to properly grounded outlet Grounded Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The ear, or the from the to ground such as properly grounded cover. The screw. covers grounded. to the outlet grounded Grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded Grounding
CONSOLE DIAGRAM FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of features to and The revolutionary that the to with wireless With and other features. www.iFit.com information. the features twenty-eight onboard intensity and the and of the as through effective the the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart using the or the information the You the or to or with the sound while To the To the To the To the cool-down To onboard To To the To the To the To the sound The and or To which of selected, plicity, instructions this to IMPORTANT: If there of the the plastic. To to the wear athletic while the The first the the of the and the
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER IMPORTANT: If the to allow to to the If this, the or other the Next, the switch the the cord. that the switch the IMPORTANT: The features to the played If the turned the the and the switch the the To off the Next, the foot of the the tached to the and the securely the of clothes. Then, the the IMPORTANT: emergency, the pulled from the causing the to to the back- the pulled from the the of the It the to ready HOW TO SET UP THE CONSOLE using the the first to wireless and to to wireless Then, touch the the to to the information appear to to to the To this the the Then, the the the and Then, and the the the and Then, and the of the and and firmware account. to the If already created count, to to account. Touch the the lower-left of the and the appear with the To this the the Then, touch the infor- mation about the
The to the Touch the the of the The to the iFit.com Touch to the or the to or the Next, username and and the activation from the that with the Touch the of Purchase of options; then, the location where chased Touch the MEDICAL DISCLAIMER, the the and the Then, the Confirm Activation the information. of the information, the Then, the the to the Touch the The iFit.com username and them and the the to the If the the completed. the the the the to iFit.com. informa- tion about or to www.iFit.com. HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER It the to ready the the the appear. If selected or the the the of the Next, the Workout and then the to to the the and the To the the the or the the The to the of the as the increase and crease buttons. Each of the buttons, the the the of If of the numbered tons, the reaches the selected To that includes as buttons to of the and then immediately the To the the Stop button. To the the You the the To the the the increase
the of the as To the of the the increase and buttons or of the numbered buttons. of the buttons, the reaches the selected The first the first the The offers The that which information shown. To the repeatedly the increase or the or the the the following information: The of the The The of The that or The of the The The of hour The of heart The displays the top of the of information. Touch each the shows the information. The countdown. If the the increase and buttons the To the the the of the To the the button. To the the or the To the and the New Workout To the the Workout The wireless the right of the wireless nection If the the connected to wireless and to iFit.com. If the the connected to wireless If the the to wire-
Measure heart If the and the the the heart rately. information about the using the the sheets of tic from the the tion, that clean. To heart the foot and the with the seconds; detected, heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the The Press the increase or to or to off the If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the Stop and the of the to The or the when it to the Next, the from the and finished the the switch the off and the cord. IMPORTANT: If this, the wear prematurely. THE COOL-DOWN MODE To the cool-down the Cool Then, the The to the to
HOW TO USE AN ONBOARD WORKOUT the the Select the Select onboard To onboard the Workouts the Then, the the High the button, or the Workouts Touch the the to the previous You the the the or the the Then, the The the ration, and of the The the of burn the and of the of the the Touch the Workout to the the the to the and One and each The and/or the the Touch the increase and crease repeatedly to the The the of the The the of the The the of the At the of the first of the the to the and/or the If and/or the the and/or the to The this the The then to and summary appear the the summary, the If the or too high or too the the the or tons; however, when the the to the and the To the the the To the the To the the or the To the and the New Workout ton. To the the Workout
The of the of that burn the The of that tion, manually the or of the the the of affected. The of the and of the heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the HOW TO USE AN IFIT LIVE WORKOUT To to wireless including router with SSID supported). membership the the to iFit.com. If already to iFit.com account the Select Touch the Workouts the To the and the type of You of the buttons the To switch users within the account, the the right of the the to iFit.com. Next, the round Download to the Touch the the the World Tour or the to the of that type Touch the Compete to that scheduled. Then, the Download button. information about the please www.iFit.com.
the the and of the The the of the If the count to the of the the and the of through The of the or the the of the and the they The the of seconds that the other of or heart Turn the finished the from the information about the to www.iFit.com. IFIT LIVE FCC INFORMATION IMPORTANT: To comply with FCC and IC RF the this to of least from and or operating with other or This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. This ates, and and, and with the interference to However, there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference of the following or the Increase the the and the receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or FCC CAUTION: To shielded interface when to or or the the authority to this This with of the FCC Operation to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that tion. If reading this information, please Customer toll-free MT, MT (closed www.iFit.com/support; or to
HOW TO USE THE INTERNET BROWSER To the to wireless including router with SSID ported). To the browser, the the of the Then, through the using the back the and the the Press the back to to the previous To the the the Press the to the The offers the following options: New A of displayed. Touch the to or the to below). Touch the to which the Touch the History to the that cently. A of of displayed. Touch the to or the to Refresh The If the back button, the to the previous Touch the More to the following The appear the text or the OK to the as Touch the to to the To the text the of the and the Next Then, the of the and the A search appear the bot- of the Touch the text the text to search and the Touch the arrow to each instance of the Touch the to the search Select text the Select Text the to The selected text to the the memory. To the and text and then the info Information about the displayed. Touch the OK to to the This Downloads A of the displayed. The displayed. or the to through the If there the to the or off. If there the to of options and the option. To the RESET TO DEFAULT the of the and the OK To the the instructions about to the To the URL first, the to the URL necessary. Then, the URL the board to the and the While the the and buttons function, the buttons function. If to the buttons, to the If following these instructions, to www.iFit.com/support assis-
HOW TO USE THE SETTINGS MODE The that allows to the to wireless and to to account. The allows to the of and to turn and off the You to Select the the the Next, the Then, the the right of the to the Select the wireless If the Wireless Network the It the of wireless to appear. You wireless and router with SSID abled supported). the the right of the with If the once and seconds. The search wireless of appears, the You to know (SSID). If to the information to to the wireless Touch the to to the network or the ton to to the of If the the appear the To the as type the To or other characters the board the the To characters, the Touch the to to the board. To to the the ABC button. To characters, the with upward-facing arrow. To to the lowercase the arrow To clear the character, the with backward-facing arrow and X. the connected to wireless the the top of the the CONNECTED. Then, the the to to the To from wireless the wireless and the If connecting to crypted rect. The and (WEP, WPA, and WPA2) broadband recommended; speed. If following these instructions, to www.iFit.com/support
to account. To to account, the Then, and the the instructions about the finished, the or touch the to to the To switch within account, To account, or formation about the account, to www.iFit.com. Select To the and the Then, the the to to the This Select the of Touch the to the selected of the of Then, the the Turn or off the The to the displayed While the turned the function normally when the cord, the switch the and the the when the the To turn or off the first the Next, the On or the Then, the the the To the the the
HOW TO USE THE MAINTENANCE MODE The that allows to the and of the the firmware, the technical information, and Select the Select the Touch the the right of the to the The information about the and of the If the connected to the of the the the flash. If the to wireless the the the of the Touch the Then, the to the The to the to the and then to the This brate the Press the to to the the calibrated, the IMPORTANT: and other from the while the the from the to the the of the the of the only structed to authorized service The abled the firmware. the firmware Touch the Next, the to firmware using wireless Then, the to or the to to the To the off the or the while the updated.
If the firmware wireless the USB Touch the USB to firmware USB to www.iFit.com and the firmware USB the USB from and the USB the of the Touch the to the or the to to the The the of the the the off and then back If the switch the off seconds, and then the switch the It the to ready the If the properly calibrated, to the buttons the To the the Screen and then the appear the Touch the to to the or other the of the Then, the of the seconds, the the If to the buttons while the the should calibrated. Press and the the appears the or other and the of the second. Then, and the of the seconds, the the technical information. Touch the Info to the of hours that the used, the of that the and other information. the information, the Touch the Network to the nection of the The wireless shows whether the wireless the turned or turned off. The shows whether the to wireless The DNS service shows whether the with the DNS The iFit.com shows whether the with iFit.com. If the the the SUCCESS. the information, the Access the Access the instructed to authorized service technician. From the and Touch the to the Press the ton the to the the To the the the repeatedly.
HOW TO USE THE STEREO SOUND SYSTEM To or through the MP3 CD player, or other to the Locate the wire. the the of the the other MP3 CD or other that the Next, the MP3 player, CD or other Then, the or the increase and buttons the If using CD player and the CD the CD the or another instead of the The USB the of the firmware only. HOW TO ADJUST THE CUSHIONING SYSTEM the from the and the cord. The features cushioning that reduces the as or the To increase the firmness of the off the and the cush- ions the front of the To the firmness, off the and the platform cushions the back of the that both cushions the firm- The the or the the the should Platform Cushion Increase Decrease Platform Platform Cushion
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL To the the to the Then, the and the cord. CAUTION: You to to lower, or the the the location shown the arrow below. CAUTION: the the foot and back straight. the the the CAUTION: that the To the or the the of sunlight. the the C). Latch HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL moving the as the CAUTION: that the locked the the tread- people. the and of the handrails, and foot back the the the and to the location. CAUTION: the without back, the and the foot and the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right hand. Then, the to the IMPORTANT: the If necessary, the slightly. the inches, and release the the the with both and to the CAUTION: the the foot and the and back straight.
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further assis- the front cover of this SYMPTOM: The that the and that the properly grounded only single-outlet that of the specifications IMPORTANT: The with outlets and with outlets. the that the the the switch located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the switch tripped. To the switch, and then the switch back Tripped SYMPTOM: The off the switch the If the switch tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then it back the from the and then If the please the front cover of this SYMPTOM: The displays when the from the The features to the If the shows when the the turned To off the SYMPTOM: The displays of the function properly the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the Screws and the off.
the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the shown) and the to reading. Top SYMPTOM: The of the correctly the SYMPTOM: The function correctly If the functioning correctly, that the the firmware SYMPTOM: The when single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the both screws counterclockwise, of turn. the properly tightened, should to each of the to to off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly Screws If the when the front cover of this
SYMPTOM: The off-center or when If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. If the shifted to the the to the screw clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the screw counterclock- of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the both screws clockwise, of turn. the correctly tightened, should to each of the to to off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened.
EXERCISE GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This age or with health The factors the of heart readings. The as heart These to information, or physician. and EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the the to You heart as to the The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the the of the chart rounded off to the near- years). The three numbers age The lowest the heart the the heart and the highest the heart To burn effectively, intensity of the first of the first of to If to burn the intensity of heart the lowest with heart the If to strengthen which activity that amounts of prolonged of the intensity of heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Warming with to of stretching and light increases heart and to with heart the first of heart than Breathe and as breath. Cooling with to of stretch- increases the flexibility of and to EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months of to each the to to and of life.
SUGGESTED STRETCHES The basic stretches shown the right. as bounce. Toe Touch with slightly and from hips. Allow back and shoulders to as reach as as counts, then back of and back. with Bring the of the foot and the thigh of as as counts, then each back and Calf/Achilles With front of the other, reach and back straight and back foot the front and hips the counts, then each To further stretching of the back as and Stretch With reach back and foot with other hand. Bring as to as counts, then each and hip Thigh with the of together and outward. as as counts, then and hip
PART LIST HRTL20510.1 R0311A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this Qty. Qty. Screw Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Patch Patch Screw Patch Screw Patch Screw Ground Screw Washer Washer Patch Screw Patch Screw Screw Washer Head Screw Track Screw Track Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Screw Washer Washer Washer Cushion Cushion Cushion Track Cushion Stop Rear Foot Rear Platform Rear Foot Right Foot Warning Decal Platform Platform Right Platform Switch Switch Right Rear Foot Right Plate Switch Cord Upright Upright Right Upright Screw Right Right Decal Top Upright Right Upright Right Key/Clip
Qty. Qty. Right Specifications to without information about the back cover of this *These illustrated. Screw Chest Strap Unit Short
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL20510.1 R0311A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL20510.1 R0311A
EXPLODED DRAWING C HRTL20510.1 R0311A
EXPLODED DRAWING HRTL20510.1 R0311A
ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS To please the front of this To to the following information when the and of the the front cover of this the of the the front cover of this the and of the the PART LIST and the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this IMPORTANT: You this within of the purchase to service warranty. to www.healthriderservice.com/registration. ICON Health Inc. (ICON) warrants this to from workmanship and and service The and warranted life- warranted years from the of purchase. warranted years from the of purchase. This warranty to the purchaser. ICONs this warranty to or replacing, ICONs option, the through of its authorized service which warranty preauthorized ICON. If the shipped to service freight charges to and from the service the responsibility. shipped while the warranty, the charge. in-home service, the charge. This warranty to to caused or attributable to freight or or repairs ICON authorized service to products or or as or to products or purchased the US. other warranty that specifically forth autho- ICON. ICON or indirect, or of or nection with the or performance of the with to of property, of or profits, of or or of or installation; or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other warranties, and of merchantability or their and to the terms forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to This warranty rights. You other rights that from to R0311A Printed ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON Health Inc., S. W., UT