INSTALLATION OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS BC36C, BC36R WOODBURNING FIREPLACE WARNING! installation, service or or property to this or information, service agency or the arrow found the text
and Considerations A. and B. of the C. D. Preparation E. Chimney F. of G. Constructing Chase H. Instructions I. Instructions Warranty CAUTION: the to the and the fireplace tion when the fireplace used. WARNING! This tested and only with the optional these instructions. of optional specifically tested this the warranty and/or Precautions Please these instructions completely to follow them malfunction serious and/or property building to installation. The comply with and and supply of combustion from the house to the fire the fireplace to properly. To this, the of the optional highly recommended. the the tightly sealed, the optional combustion the to combustion. Hearth or related that from the of combustion It the of the builder/contractor to that combustion the The fireplace with the Hearth SL The terminate the to follow specifications these instructions. NEVER when there fire burning the fireplace. This fireplace built only. NEVER type charcoal light or this from the fireplace. DO NOT cleaners or fireplace. The when the fireplace While servicing this fireplace, off electricity or to the This shock or burns. Also, the fireplace completely cooled servicing. To and to the of and inspect and the fireplace and to and the burning season. this cleaning instructions. BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS DESIGN AND INSTALLATION CONSIDERATIONS selecting location fireplace, to of that allow to properly. This from fireplace, as as other combustion to incorrectly. Tightly sealed efficiency. Unfortunately, of directed to while to of the (insulated ceilings). This increased the Effect, that increases the the This directly the performance of fireplace To the that ductwork the sealed airtight. the of recessed light the insulated and sealed recessed light Finally, the whole house and tightly sealed. These that the and of the home. If to that that the fireplace to to and Since fireplaces sealed, they affected the that Finally, fireplaces when their termination) located the of the when cathedral Chimneys that located the of the what known as and as as that located the of the The reason this that the the height of the the house the the If to fireplace location where the termination would located the of such as the of cathedral that This the homeowner fireplace that operates correctly. These factory-built fireplace. They fireplace as as conventionally to improperly. this of with the of once completed.
This fireplace tested and with UL and Inc. and operation the United States. This tested and with the optional These optional purchased and of reconstruction, and should the of the fireplace installation. WARNING! This fireplace and its to and operated as to or items this allowed these instructions, the and the warranty. It installation. Read through these instructions thoroughly and follow them throughout The Hearth fireplace consists of the following: Grate Refractory Termination Chimney Hearth Optional Combustion (BC36C only) throughout these instructions typical installations and only. slightly to and clearances The and throughout these instructions to A. LISTINGS AND CODE APPROVALS B. DESCRIPTION OF THE FIREPLACE SYSTEM BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with building agency to this fireplace to with including the and follow-up inspections. If installation, please or the Technical Services Hearth Inc., or Typical
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS BC36C with Grate and Hearth Protection Strips BC36R with Grate and Hearth Protection Strips DM1036 Clear-View Black DM1036B Clear-View Polished DM1036S Clear-View FK22 with Junction (BC36C only) BC10 (BC36C only) HX3 Hearth GR16 (included with AK22 GR16 Grate FK22 with Junction BC36C only) C. SYSTEM COMPONENTS JK9 Junction (BC36C only) *The JK9 the of fireplace or required. to the instructions included with the JK9 and FK22 installation. HX3 Hearth BC10 BC36C only)
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS (BC36C shown, as BC36R) AK22
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The following those which with this fireplace. CAK4A Chimney ID4 Insulated UD4 Uninsulated SL306 Section SL312 Chimney Section SL318 Chimney Section SL324 Chimney Section SL336 Chimney Section SL348 Section SL3 Chimney SL315 SL330 Chimney Straight FS338 FS339 FS340 Firestop AS8 SL300 Straight Insulation JB877 Chimney CB876 Chimney Bracket RF370 Flashing to Pitch RF371 Flashing to Pitch TR344 Round Termination TR342 Round Termination ST375 Termination TS345 Termination TS345P Termination Painted TCT375 Termination CT35 Chase Top LDS33 Decorative Shroud LDS46 Decorative Shroud
Chimney Sections SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 Effective of snapped to another) FS338 FS339 FS340 AS8 CB876 Straight Chimney Bracket Insulation RF370 Flashing RF371 Flashing to Pitch to Pitch BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS SL3 Chimney JB877
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS TS345/TS345P tion TCT375 Termination CT35 Chase Top TR344 Round tion ST375 Termination TR342 Round Termination LDS33 LDS46 Decorative Shroud
Locations and Several options to when choosing location fireplace. This fireplace as or chase. Locating the fireplace heat outlets or or other locations of the performance and from the front of the Consideration should to these factors location. and typical installations used. Therefore, allowance when ducting directly without Corner Wall or Chase WARNING! from products of such that the from or the where other heating or and or These reduce the of fireplace or WARNING! To with or insulation, the fireplace or insulation. overheating and fire D. PRE-INSTALLATION PREPARATION Locations BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS These rough only. CLEARANCES! clear- ance the back and of the fire- assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section.
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the The BC36C and BC36R fireplaces of The finished cavity than shows typical of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the fireplace to. the top of the fireplace the of the top standoffs. Chimney sections clearance the and section. WARNING! apply finishing of the of this or fire The front only covered with such as or or cooling cover of the to the fireplace that would the installation of authorized The top header the the top of the assembly. the CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section.
Sidewalls/Surrounds located of from the fireplace If surround constructed of located within the Short they within the location, the and clearances considered. The and tested to The following the from the of the fireplace. E. CHIMNEY REQUIREMENTS straight height height with height offset and height the offset and straight height the fireplace BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and Surrounds
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and To overhead the offset using (SL315) or (SL330). the following to the offset and together or section(s) offset and return. the to shifted to to the overhead A to sections to the the offset to and the A to than the of installation. The B that with the A the clearance that to the offset and the chart and the of sections and the of those Whenever the floor/ceiling, firestop The effective height of the fireplace assembly measured from the of fireplace to top of WARNING! offsets to offset than from This fire the restricted. Chart* SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 SL306 SL312 assembly of cooled of Effective built this chart. Chimney A from Table the to, than off- It then from the that would B) the offset and The that SL312s.
Height building height the top. These what known as the Foot This If the from the of the to the of the or the top of the least the of the than height the highest where through the If the from the of the to the of the than height reference established the of the of from the of the The top of the least this reference than height the highest where it through the These heights the of operation. Trees, buildings, should of Sections To the to installation, follow the below: the height of the installation. This measured from the of the fireplace assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the fireplace assembly from the height of the fireplace (measured from the of the fireplace to the of the termination to Table to what selected to the fireplace the of firestop spacers, flashing, to the fireplace BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Height Table HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY COMPONENTS Chimney SL3 Firestop Spacers FS338 FS339 FS340 SL315 SL330 Flashing RF370 RF371 Chimney Sections* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 effective
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! the following: Wear and protection. and the to the to fire. the This fireplace or Follow the instructions the fireplace to the clearance the and back of the fireplace assembly. the Protective Hearth Strips Included with fireplace hearth measuring approximately These to protection where the fireplace and the hearth each the front of the fireplace. The each other the of the fireplace to coverage of the These should from the front and of the fireplace the the fireplace and front-to-back. with such as as necessary. the fireplace the located of the to the To of the the fireplace of the to they If they to the fireplace those F. INSTALLATION OF FIREPLACE Positioning the Strips
the Chimney Sections straight section or offset to the top of the fireplace sections together the top section the the section. The to the of the section below The casing the casing of the section below WARNING! follow the instructions assembly of the and other to this fireplace to fire, too to the or and the free of cool- the Firestop Spacers and the the firestop FS338, FS339 and FS340). the with the the the firestop spacer. These firestop spacers to the around the the firestop spacers to to the from the or fireplace EXCEPT when the insulated or this the firestop from the top to insulation from the around the CAUTION: spacers whenever the ceiling/floor BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Assembling Chimney Sections the Firestop
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Insulation insulation shield should when there of insulation with the factory built the the top of the insulation shield This the section the shield. the shield the section where firestop spacer. the shield the firestop spacer. The firestop the insulation shield. Insulation WARNING! RISK OF FIRE. the the tion and the insulation shield with insulation. Double-check the Chimney Assembly assembling the sections through the firestop as While of the height and that Chimney each section slightly from the top to the If they connected correctly, they when tested. CAUTION: and sections once locked together. to the installation height achieved with the selected the offsets and to straight they with the screws only), the To from the sections the and the these to or You the and to the section from the fireplace or with WARNING! sections offset and to reduce off-center and sections from the WARNING! of clearance to of the to this clearance fire.
the of the the where the the to the of the through the to the the the to of the and the required. This measured the the pitch of the roof. and the Chapter of the Uniform Building to the section and the the Sections Through the to sections through the least the Flashing If flashing to used, the flashing to the pitch and round termination following the instructions shipped with the chase installations round termination (TR344), round termination (TR342) or termination (ST375/TS345/ TS345P). chase chase top. Chase tops from building chase. the The optional with this and its to the of within the It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should least the ground that allow to the The the of the the cover plate from the of the fireplace assembly where the to location/operation. BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Ceiling/Attic Construction Location CAUTION: The while burning the when operating the
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Complete the Complete the fireplace allowing and should with the clearance of the fireplace and the as as the back and the to fin- the of the fireplace below the of the front standoffs. such as USG MICORE CV230 Board, or USG DUROCK recommended this CAUTION: the fireplace the This of combustion products. Provisions both of the fireplace to allow of or with input of BTU/hour, incorporating shut-off and complying with the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 The should with the National ANSI Z223.1-1980 The to allow to through. to the and refractory the Repack the insulation to around the where the of the clearance around the of the fireplace. This fireplace of the the right If to the fireplace from the the cover plate and from the right of the fireplace and the the the right outershell of the with the cover that covered the Clearance Around CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly the where the clearance sections clearance the and section. WARNING! This fireplace tested the fireplace with heater. To reduce of heater this fireplace specifically tested and Inc. this fireplace. the heater tested and this factory built fireplace, fire created that fire.
Hearth hearth with fireplaces to the front of the from both heat and The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the the hearth and the front of the fireplace with of constructed hearth should constructed with the instructions The hearth constructed from MICORE CV230, or with insulation WARNING! Hearth to as to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the Constructed Hearth BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Factory Hearth
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the front. These should approximately from the fireplace front and both of the fireplace the crack the hearth and fireplace with of Apply finishing of choice to the hearth the Hearth Finishing the of the fireplace! This and fire. You the of the fireplace. Combustible which of or with plastics, or of and whether proofed or or Noncombustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. Noncombustible which and burn; RTV103 Black (or Rutland, Inc. (or completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the and facing to to cover the fireplace front. than the top of the fireplace The of Combustible that than from the of the fireplace than from the top of the fireplace Combustible cover the of the fireplace. This clearance with Section of ANSI/ NFPA211 This fireplace tested and with as specified Section C, Please to the with each of instructions.
chase built around the and chase constructed the fireplace and or the only. It commonly recommended that the chase insulated type insulation the Three of chase shown and chase. offset through and chase. Chase constructed G. CONSTRUCTING CHASE Chase BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The chase constructed using the as the of including or constructing the chase, factors considered: around the The chase top constructed of firestop should insulated the the fireplace assembly. This reduces heat through the chase. the of the chase should insulated to the of the as shown This reduce heat from the around the Chase Assembly
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chase Top chase of around the Termination the sections through the chase TR344 round termination the top section of the top of the chase to allow of the and termination installations TR342 round termination the section below the top of the chase top, than below the top of the chase top flashing TR344 Round Termination TR342 Round Termination
ST375 termination the section than below the chase top. TS345/TS345P Termination the section than below the chase top. the chase top (CT35) to the top of the chase. the termination following the instructions with WARNING! section or chase The higher of this heat to chase to fire. WARNING! instructions of the chase top, and termination with these To of fire, instructions strictly followed, including the of clearance and To the of those to the weather, that the chase top and termination painted with TS345/TS345P Termination BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS ST375 Termination
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and this instruction to owners. The informa- tion to and them about tions such as the of shelves or the of unauthorized and repairs. Information This fireplace to as heat It to function as heat as as other years. It that caused and of the that and operation of the fireplace with these instructions. It that the fire whenever the fireplace It recommended that inspection the fireplace to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating This factory built fireplace with (firewood) or that tested and to the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 operating the the This tested and with heater. heater this and with the the closed the heater specifically tested and this Inc. of heater this factory built fire that fire. WARNING! DO NOT this fireplace with the the closed Combustion products the to and to combustion from and overheating to this fireplace with the the asphyxiation or fire. H. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around constructed houses or existing with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the home. allows the of the fireplace with this option. of combustion recommended to heated within the and to to the properly. This fireplace correctly to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the located. CAUTION: from other burning which or The and operated the the top of the lighting the fire, this from the of the fireplace. this fireplace with the Please or
fireplace operation with the the the screen closed. Hearth Inc. used. operation. Grate The factory to the from of fireplace and to allow to the burning It to the fire off the hearth and to allow the ashes to beneath the fire, thereby of heat protection. Firescreen firescreen to It closed whenever the fireplace or firescreens to burning the fireplace. those specifically tested and with the fireplace should used. should when the closed. CAUTION: closed while burning firescreens and HOT. with WARNING! within the clearances to or the and instructions, Clear Near the of BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FIREWOOD performance the of the firewood seasoned of about pound, and than of about than of commonly the of seasoned would about than of seasoned Soft coniferous. These with that and their exposed of Douglas and Soft to and to than that their the Their usually found within protective or and It should noted that there that such as and to season, and to than The of and the fire with the fire off heat to the to operating and then the heat and MOISTURE: of which of burn, the factor that the fireplace operates the amount of the The of the fireplace owners caused trying to unseasoned Freshly as as it of around that about pounds. with of the fireplace and to This sounds that exactly what unseasoned WARNING! unseasoned ignited fire that serious house fire.
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS SEASONING: Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to the and increasing the of each tree that year and to as high as when The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow The the the the process. should the top of the protection from and covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and The with burning unseasoned twofold: heat from the of heat to the This wasted that should heating Secondly, this the of which cooling fireplace and combined with and other from burning which the relatively cool fireplace and Starting the to the or the fireplace or of to the The fires built the fireplace without of the burning of the fireplace Light the and of of established. establishing the fire and the firewood burning of three of firewood, the such to allow combustion and them. The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to from the fireplace and the refractory and to You the first fires. This the fireplace, and tion cracking of the refractory. This and the formance of the If the cracks become enough that the the refractory or the should replaced. CAUTION: gasoline-type charcoal lighter or to or freshen fire this fire- such from the WARNING! with should with the or closed. If and of the fireplace creating the of both fire and first lighting fireplace, to pre-warm the to establish This holding of burn- newspaper the This reduce This fireplace correctly to allow to the fireplace Hearth the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located.
measured as the The amount of strong the The the combustion the and the of the There three basic establishing and of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS If the fire to and of the fireplace, or to establish and high then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating Starting correctly and that the and height. the following: sections properly and the tightly sealed. The and free of and branches back within feet of the top of the the clean and free of of or If to increase the of the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when factory built or sheets of top of as to the of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors Neighboring high winds, around the that fireplace the or or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of Ashes Ashes should with tight-fitting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. and Inspect the internally and and seams and mechanical tight. inspection which the formation of slowly, and other which with to The the relatively cool of slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire. The should inspected least year the heating season to occurred. If should to reduce the of fire. Chimney Cleaning If of or yourself. To this, the following the the fireplace to and from the the termination or housing top. Clean with attached to OR with and or Work and the the clean. the termination or housing top. WARNING! fire permanently This the Chimney fires covered the ited Warranty and Protection I. MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTIONS Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as chairs, or other least four from the front of the Chimney Termination Cleaning
HOMEOWNERS NOTES BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
BC36C/BC36R INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Clearance Location/Operation Ashes, of Insulation Building C Chase Chase Chase Top Chimney Assembling Sections Through the Checking the Assembly Cleaning Through the Height the Chimney Bracket Chimney Sections Assembling Chimney Cleaning of Ashes Building Combustible Combustible Construction Corner of the of Ashes Products Chase Finishing Locations Firescreen Provisions Information Grate Hearth Positioning Chase Corner Wall Insulation the and Locations Hearth Strips of Noncombustible Noncombustible Overhead Obstructions Positioning Preparation Flashing Seasoning the Shroud Sidewalls/Surrounds Decorative Appliances Starting Foot Termination Typical UL Uniform Building Unvented Heater Wall Insulation of Seasoning of
HEARTH HOME TECHNOLOGIES INC. WOODBURNING FIREPLACE Warranty of its 20-YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM AS PART OF ITS YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM (PROGRAM, HEARTH HOME TECHNOLOGIES INC. (HHT) pleased to offer Warranty and covering of HHT fireplace the the United States of America or and of HHT authority to warranty or authorize to or with the terms of this Warranty. HHT warrants the following of HHT fireplace to free from and workmanship the years the firebox assembly, and termination; years refractory firebox and the and warranty from the of of (the The Warranty to the and of below. HHTs of from of HHT with or which their Warranty, of the then such HHT responsibility and charges related to such Conditions, of A. Both the Warranty and HHT apply while the its location of installation. HHTs this warranty to from installation, operation or of the with the Instructions, and the furnished with the Appliance; which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the such as or forced or other of other than those specified the or of with the or other authorized and HHT; and/ or of the authorized and HHT writing. This warranty to the or HHT. B. the first of the Warranty, HHT its option, or covered and charge. reasonable and freight the through the fifth years of the Warranty HHT free of charge covered or related to the of the or the or the fifth of the HHTs and forth HHTs HHT or caused C. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. D. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights which from to to Service. To service this warranty written of the to the Technical Service Hearth or of purchase, and to HHT. HHT reasonable to the including reasonable to inspect the Appliance to or and the Appliance or of the Appliance from the of HHTs to warranty the