CONSTITUTION EPA CERTIFIED WOODBURNING FIREPLACE C-40 If the information these tions followed exactly, fire causing property injury, or death. or or other and the of this or other If heater or tor warranty. Comply with clearances to bustibles as specified. to comply house fire. and service of this should Hearth NFI professionals, or technicians NFI professional. www.heatilator.com November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL operating and instructions included. WARNING CAUTION Read, and follow these instructions and operation. burns. cooled NEVER allow to children CAREFULLY SUPERVISE the as children and to of high High clothing or other clothing, and other and O-T Tested and Inc. this with and operation. WARNING HOT SURFACES! and other AND cool WARNING with only. Other and USA C US DO NOT DISCARD
Congratulations selecting Heatilator burning fireplace. The Heatilator selected to the reliability, and efficiency. the of fireplace, to and follow of the instructions this to and that the following Homeowner Reference Information information about purchased/installed: Location Dealership purchased from: Notes: The information Information/Location found the rating plate usually located the of the O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. Inc. #061-S-40-2 TESTED TO UL ULC-S610-M87 LISTED FIREPLACE, SOLID FUEL TYPE, ALSO SUITABLE FOR MOBILE HOME INSTALLATION. (UM) HUD. with Only." and with and operating instructions. incorporating or with the instructions. Building Authority Jurisdiction About Restrictions, Inspection WARNING combustion and while The of the and maintained. The to properly grounded to the of the HTI Termination Hearth and accessory Chimney CAK4A. this to another DANGER: of shock. Disconnect supply servicing. VAC AMPS or fire. fire directly firebrick. If heater or fireplace or other products specified with this WARNING THIS FIREPLACE HAS NOT BEEN TESTED WITH AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET. TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR INJURY, DO NOT INSTALL AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET INTO FIREPLACE. of to from combustion which of high of with from Optional ONLY USA U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Certified to comply with July by: www.heatilator.com Heatilator EPA 480-1091C November this or operating this Please this owners PA C ERTIFIED IREPLACE SAMPLE Apr July Sept Oct. U.S.A DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL This should retained reference. that with other and Heatilator burning fireplace of and trouble-free to the Heatilator family of fireplace products! C ONSTITUTION Clearances To Combustible sections clearance the and section. WITHIN ENCLOSURE AREA Appliance to Appliance to Duct to Top standoffs to EXPOSED SURFACES to Remote outlet to MANTEL from of fireplace FLOOR PROTECTION Combustible front of and to of the insulated with protection with thickness of and The hearth to the instructions.
Section and A. Appliance B. C. Specifications D. BTU Efficiency Specifications Section Started A. and Considerations B. Negative C. Typical D. and E. Inspect and Section and Clearances A. Selecting Location B. Clearances C. the D. Access and E. the Chase Section of A. the B. the Section Chimney Assembly A. Chimney B. Chimney Termination C. D. the Chimney Sections E. Assembling Chimney Sections SL-300 F. the G. the Insulation H. the Assembly. I. the Section Complete the A. Termination B. SL-300 Ceiling/Roof Thimble C. Chase Top D. the Termination Section A. B. and Installation. C. and D. Heat E. Assembly F. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Finishing A. Hearth B. Protection Worksheet C. the Hearth D. Finishing E. Non-Combustible Facing Installation. F. Section Instructions A. Appliance. B. Information C. D. Clear Near the E. F. G. H. Heat Operation. I. J. Starting K. Correct L. M. Combustion (ACC) N. O. Rates P. Opacity Q. R. Section Troubleshooting A. B. C. and Section and Servicing the A. B. C. Brick D. and Cleaning of Plated E. F. Service Section Reference A. B. Chimney C. D. Service E. Warranty F. Information
and A. Appliance EPA Certified Woodburning Laboratory: OMNI Inc. 061-S-50-2 UL127 and ULC-S610-M87 and (UM) 84-HUD, Approved. This tested and with UL127 and ULC-S610-M87 and OMNI Inc., and the United States and as this This fireplace tested and with the SL-300 (with the the CAK4A and fireplace Section with building agency to with including the and follow-up inspections. building UL and building that tion unexpectedly B. This installations when and when combustion The of the and The fireplace properly grounded to the of the and double-wall termination with home. If to from the beneath the and to from from the combustion and clear of and/or It while to which and to fire. off November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C The fireplace to to the that attached the to the to to the using or Unit grounded with grounding or and terminated each with N.E.C. grounding to Clearances to and protections precisely. to effective the location where the or other to the of the Follow the and instructions when the If burns poorly while increase combustion NOTE: Top sections of to allow clearance of from ground of and/or NOT through: or that would the integrity. WARNING with only. Other and CAUTION WARNING Asphyxiation the
C. Specifications This fireplace with with Please NOTE: This with the of comply with the UL1482, (UM) 84-HUD and NFPA211 the U.S.A. and the ULC S627 and CAN/CSA-B365 D. BTU Efficiency Specifications EPA Certified: hour Efficiency: to BTU with EPA with inches Firebox Length: inches Cord or fireplace. other than as instructed Hearth Inc. strictly prohibited. the without assembling This fireplace tested with and/or of Hearth Hearth and the warranty and agency the November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING installation, or or property to the owners information with this or tional information service agency or NOTE: Hearth of this the right to its products, their specifications and/or without WARNING
Started A. and Considerations building to installation. MUST comply with and and building inspector, fire officials or authorities about inspection and installation, necessary to the following information Where the fireplace to Sections and The to used. Sections and Section and finishing Sections and Whether optional Section the to fireplaces successfully. Considerations Preventing Location of and Asphyxiation Negative of combustion and to properly operation. B. Negative Negative from the of the fireplace to properly. this bath, Combustion heaters and other combustion Clothes Location of to or conditioning. of the HVAC November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION WARNING recessed hatch To the of the follow- considered: the combustion and and conditioning located the of the fireplace. the or isolated Recessed lighting should sealed hatches weather or sealed; mounted and and seams or sealed. Location of the fireplace and performance. shown the should: through the the building This to lighting and of the fire. the highest of the This the of located from and other their should the fireplace location to and and The of inches of High, and inches of as measured with to If the fire to and of the or to establish and moderately high burn then the too and corrective NOTE: Cold frosting
Recommended Locations November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Recommended Location Location Not Recommended Recommended Location Location Location NOT Recommended
C. Typical The Heatilator fireplace consists of the following: Chimney termination Chimney Hearth Chimney (with SL Optional Firescreen Heat Top insulation shield shown) to insulation from insulated Factory-built fireplace Hearth Typical November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Termination preferably without affecting (with headed off Chimney Combustible top of standoffs (spacers) Decorative facing and Protective hearth strip(s) Junction should to reconstruction. NOTE: throughout these instructions typical installations and only. installation slightly to clearances The and throughout these instructions to Additional (or chase) Non-combustible flashing clearance around shown) combustion and around combustion
D. and the the following and building Reciprocating High screwdriver screwdriver and length, or screws screws and or November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION E. Inspect and the fireplace and from the shipped the to WARNING Inspect and operation. NOT NOT NOT to WARNING reading and operating instructions. to properly house fire.
and Clearances clearances. Around To service access. from areas. A. Selecting Location Several options to when choosing tion This as or chase. Locating the heat or or other locations clearance the back and to the of the fireplace assembly. Chimney sections clearance the and finished walls) Locations November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING C and typical installations and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to installation/appearance to preference. Hearth the right to its products. of the performance and from the front of the fireplace when used. combustion. The with to feed combustion from the with termination ation should to these factors location. Sections and to these reference the following Clearances (Section 3.B.) (Section 8.F.) (Section 12.A.) C chase or
B. Clearances November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Comply with clearances to as specified. or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, of board, to comply fire. Flashing with to of standoffs to Clearances to Combustible WARNING to back to of where Insulation clearance to header of
Clearances to WITHIN ENCLOSURE AREA: Appliance to Appliance to Duct to Top standoffs to header to EXPOSED SURFACES to Heat to MANTEL Combustible and height from of fireplace to of C. the NOTE: completed. If using Heat OPTIONAL FRAMING CONSTRUCTION REDUCED MANTEL HEIGHT: Non-combustible height from of fireplace to of when the following used: Non-combustible fire- to height of from of fireplace sheeting, and Non-Combustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. that reported as ASTM Behavior of 750C, Combustible of or with fibers, plastics, or other that and burn, whether proofed or or whether or Hearth cracking or other of finishing to heat or Choose finishing November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING CHIMNEY SECTIONS Chimney sections clearance the and section. The height of and of The finished cavity than straight the to the shows typical of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the fireplace the top of the the of the top standoffs. standoffs.) the WARNING Non-combustible reduced height GET EXTREMELY HOT of the fireplace. DO NOT TOUCH or heat items the from of the fireplace
chase. chase with to finished and ceilings. Sheetrocked Chase Comply with clearances fied. clearance the back and to the of the assembly. Chimney sections clearance the and section. D. Access and NOTE: The switch, and cover plate supplied. You to supply: with ground; with ground; mount plate the right of the fireplace. Thread the with ground through the with the the cover Match to harness, to red, white to white, and with NOTE: completed. If Heat November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING clearances. below standoffs, such as board or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, constructed of board, w/ground WHITE Match to to red, white to white, and with to the switch WARNING apply finishing of the front of this The covered with such as or cover or cooling The serviceability of the Combustion WARNING mount with Junction WIRE NUT WHITE GREEN BLACK RED BLACK Incoming (110V)
E. the Chase chase built to the fire- and/or its that the of building chase. that the chase insulated using type insulation the Construction of the chase with the type of build- These instructions the of building building MUST Chases should constructed the of of the to The chase should the building to insulated. Building and firestops each of the chase or every of clear to of fire. plate and the first of the chase should insulated. and should the chase as the of the Additionally, Hearth recommends that the and (or the of tightness. and other should with high or with insulation. DO NOT insulation or other firestops; and insulation shield. ALWAYS specified clearances around and firestop firestops as specified. to insulation or other from fire. The chase constructed the as the of including or constructing the chase, factors considered: around the The chase top constructed of bustible firestop should November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING insulated the the fireplace assembly. This reduces heat through the chase. the of the chase should insulated to the of the as shown This reduce heat from the around the fireplace. Termination Chase Top Insulation Insulation Chase Assembly Three of chase shown and chase. offset through and chase. Chase constructed Chase Constructions Firestop Insulation Insulation the of the chase Chimney should insulated.
of Edges Wear protective and installation. A. the This fireplace correctly tion to allow to the fireplace Section combustion to the of within the the shortest to the performance of the The should that allow to the the to vertically. such height from the top of the section to the bustion of The the right of the fireplace. location/operation. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION CLOSE OPEN to The located top, located the or supplied) to directly to fireplace the to frost the termination the and the with to and Seal the termination and the house with to NOTE: allows of the of combustion to heated within the and to to the properly. TURN COUNTER-CLOCKWISE TO OPEN OUTSIDE AIR KNOB MUST BE IN THE OPEN POSI- TION TO OPERATE FIREPLACE PROPERLY. MAY BE CLOSED WHEN NOT IN USE TO PREVENT COLD AIR INFILTRATION. or IMPORTANT! POSITION. Termination with
Asphyxiation combustion from: Wall, or cavity. Enclosed such as or to or or of located to from: Other combustion insulation shield to insulation from firestop of Locations November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING CAUTION Locating the from top of section to Closed Right
NO higher than below the termination Combustion B. the the This fireplace or Follow the structions Section 3.C. the fireplace to the clearance the and back of the fireplace sembly. Section 3.B. Sharp Edges Wear protective and installation. with insulation. NOT or insulation. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C NO NO or only specified CAUTION WARNING NO the Protective Hearth Strips Included with fireplace hearth approximately These to protection where the fireplace and the hearth each the front of the The each other the of the fire- to coverage of the These should from the front and of the fireplace Screw the fireplace the hearth the front of the platform protected with protective hearth included) as shown WARNING hearth MUST or
the the fireplace and front-to-back. with such as as necessary. the fireplace the mount- located of the to the Mounting of and Hearth and both of fireplace or screw the Protective Hearth Strips Platform Protect the of Platform November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Top or screw
Chimney Assembly November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Chimney height of flashing to from Typical Chimney NOTE: Chimney performance and performance. Chimney height or Termination Additional clearances to as specified offsets/ to firestops where through or
A. Chimney measured from the of the fire- as shown straight height height with height height offset and the offset and height the of of offsets and used. clearance to insulation and other offset firestop to top of standoffs Chimney November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING straight height height/single offset-return height/double height B. Termination To the to installation, follow the below: the height of the fireplace installation. This measured from the of the fireplace assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the fireplace assembly from the height of the fireplace (measured from the of the fireplace to the of the termination to Table to what selected to the fireplace the of firestops, flashing, to the fireplace HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY COMPONENTS SL3 FS338 FS339 FS340 SL315 SL330 Flashing RF370 RF371 Chimney Sections* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 effective height. Asphyxiation WARNING NOT this to servicing another NOT to or allow to the
C. To overhead the offset offset and attached together or section(s) offset and return. the following to the installation: DO NOT offsets to offset than from restricted. Table SL315 SL315 SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING the to shifted to to the overhead A to section to the the offset to Table and the A to than the of installation. The B that with the A the clearance that to the offset and the chart and the of sections and the of those the firestop The effective height of the fireplace assembly measured from the of the fireplace. A from Table the to, than It then from the that would B) the offset and The that fits SL324. Chimney OVERLAP
D. the Chimney Sections straight section or offset to the top of the fireplace Chimney sections together the top section the bead the section. The to the of the section below The outer casing the casing of the section below If follow the instructions that with that Assembling Chimney Sections and sections once together. to the height with the selected NOT or MUST this NO OTHER used. or operation. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING E. Assembling Sections the SL- NOTE: Chimney CAK4A when the SL-300 tions with the CAK4A and NOTE: FOLLOW DETAILED INSTRUCTIONS THAT COME WITH THE CAK4A. the first. the the fireplace. the top of the fireplace around the both together and with screws the pre-punched the as and through the top. the CAK4A around the the and the top of the with the CAK4A NOTES: The termination of the ground and free of If the CAK4A chase, the CAK4A termination least below the top. around the and with to from to the chase with Screws CAK4A Together to Top WARNING The hose or
F. the and the the firestop used. the with the the the firestop spacer. These firestop spacers to the around the the firestop spacers to to the from the or fireplace EXCEPT when the insulated or this the firestop from the top to tion from the around the NOTE: and firestops Chase firestops each or of clear as firestop of fire and reduces The firestop MUST to the of the EXCEPT when the and the insulation shield the insulation shield the firestop or below the of insulated November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION firestop to of firestop attached to top of clearance firestop and FS338 FS339 FS340 the Firestop You the and to the section from the or ROOM ABOVE (non-insulated clearance ATTIC ABOVE (insulated insulation shield
G. the Insulation insulation shield when there of insulation with the factory built the the top of the insulation shield This the section the shield. the shield the section where firestop. the shield the firestop. The firestop the insulation shield. and DO NOT insulation or other firestops; and insulation shield. ALWAYS specified clearances around and firestop firestops as specified. to insulation or other from fire. H. Double-check the Chimney Assembly assembling the sections through the firestops as While of the height and Section 5.A. each section slightly from the top to the If they connected correctly, they when tested. I. the Chimney offsets and to straight they with the screws (outer only), using the To from the sections the and the these to or or sheet screw, or than offsets with screws to length). with Straight sections with screws to length) the sections from or November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING WARNING Insulation Insulation the Insulation Insulation Below the Optional Additional the Chimney Chimney Straps (Optional) Insulation Insulation Firestop Firestop
Complete the A. Chimney Termination Chimney Termination and and this fireplace located where become or other terminate least the and least of the within located from or other Termination November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Chimney the Chimney the GAS, WOOD OR FUEL OIL TERMINATION GAS TERMINATION C Termination terminations to C terminations Chimneys Chimney of the within of the Chimney of the within of the Termination
NOTE: completed. If using Heat it the of the the where the the to the of the through the to the the the to of the and the required. This measured the the pitch of the roof. and the Chapter of the Uniform Building clearance to insulation and other the Chimney Sections Through the to sections through the least to bustible the Flashing If flashing to used, the flashing to the pitch and termination and following the instructions shipped with the chase installations round termination round termination or termination chase installation chase top. Chase tops from building chase. the the follow the instructions with this accessory. Completion of the Complete the allowing should with the fireplace. clearance of the back and clearances to and the November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING Ceiling/Attic Construction
B. SL-300 Ceiling/Roof Thimble NOTE: REQUIRED with the where the the to the of the and (measured the through the and The thimble completely through the shielding location to allow of ceiling/roof thicknesses. Thimble when the ceiling/roof thickness The should the thimble inch. To the to the thimble, through the outer shield of the thimble the the as the to the thimble the screws with the the thimble assembly and securely to the the flashing the and to the the provided. the flashing plate and the to the flash- and as as the the flashing. heads with assembling the and tion following the instructions with them. FLASHING 12966A, November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE JOISTS NAIL THIMBLE FLASHING 12966A, FLASHING ADJUSTABLE THIMBLE EXTENSION HOLES 12966A CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE NAIL THIMBLE CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE THIMBLE EXTENSION SCREW THIMBLE EXTENSION SCREW NAIL
C. Chase Top chase top to the top of the chase around the The top should include turn- and to from the chase. around the and the top from the seams to chase chase top. Chase tops from Heatilator or field constructed. the chase top to the top of the chase. Chase Top Construction Chase Top to top of chase constructed to service clearance to Top of should sheeted with board. sheeting Chase top November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Termination Chase Top Turn-down Edge Chase (Chimney) Chase Top D. the Termination To the of those to the weather, the termination painted with the sections through the chase using Termination the top section of the top of the flashing to allow of the and termination of Flashing TR344 Termination Termination the section below the top of the chase top, than below the top of the chase top. of and termination WARNING section or chase The higher of this heat to chase to fire. WARNING The of to MUST or from Separation allows heat and to
Flashing Top of TR342 Round Termination NOTE: TR342/TR344: restriction to TCT375 top Section installations ST375 Termination the section than below the chase top. Standoff Top of ST375 Termination installations TS345/TS345P Termination the section than below the chase top. Flashing Top of TS345/TS345P Termination November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Flashing installations the section below the chase top and chase installations Round Termination Round Termination Termination or Termination installations Termination termination following instructions with them. screw top chase top or Termination shown) The section of the below. top below top of the chase. Top of SL of the chase. typical
A. Shock Circulating NOT from directly properly grounded three-prong Route from NOT or front of Cord Location and The with the factory with the right of fireplace (as Shock turning off BEFORE servicing. Instructions the from the of the fireplace and of the back the screws from the the fire- the the screwdriver and completely the Screwdriver Accessing November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION CAUTION Screws Removing the the from locating and necessary. wires to harness. the the tightly the right and the locating other or firebox as the that the
B. and from firebox, and extinguish the protection turning and of the firebox. Protection from the With wrench, the front the the of the front NOTE: the with least trying to To the to of its Then, while that of the board the and of the other It only to the first to the board to front of and straight through To the through the and back and the and November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C (shown without C. and the the or become to or the latch. To or Tighten washers shown At least washer and the washer OR the Wear or to the the firebox and of efficiency. from Assembly Section Teflon Washer DO NOT REMOVE Spacing Washers
D. Heat This tested and when with this It responsibility to instructions and to follow these instructions installations. of this MUST technician. The Heat-Zone-Wood and only as specified. If or of its the warranty and possibly fire to and/or the location of the fireplace and ALL should and with and with the National NFPA/NEC the United States), or with the CSC22.1 Clearances to November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION Duct Locations clearance from to Wall Duct DUCT RUN MAXIMUM Duct MINIMUM Duct DUCTING MATERIAL DO NOT DUCT existing MINIMUM CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLES from the from top of outlet from the of outlet from to
INSTALLATION the or cover plate from the top of the fireplace and the insulation board as the shown CL the of from the following and as required. The shipped to the length, manually the together and NOTE: It the to or the performance of *A of to cover the insulation to tfrom through the as November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Mounting Plate insulation board the the matching the the plate to the the fireplace. the the Mounting Plate the sheet screws included the the and Mounting Plate fireplace. to the fireplace, the to the top of the fireplace with to the location the and housing assembly. or The rotated and mounted to the back of the necessary. NOTE: The and servicing NOTE: If the housing the front of the housing approximately from the finished Comply with clearances fied. clearance the back and to the of the fireplace assembly. enough as to the housing. of recommended. Securely the to the screw the to the the housing. of greater than as WARNING
clearance to to Housing with screws with pointed November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Wall Housing Bracket Can o Securely to NOTE: the that clearance to the fire- outer seams with or as specified Seal the around the of the to back the with the clearance from outer the (with OFF) location. This switch the operation. the Junction VAC service TO the and FROM the to the Junction to the VAC service wires to the and (white) wires and screw the VAC ground to the Junction the to the housing The with the NOTE: DO NOT USE ADJUSTABLE REGISTERS. Complete the fireplace as the tions found Seal with the clearance from White Junction Junction Black
E. Assembly Shock turning off BEFORE servicing. Black Arm Mechanical Assembly both and off of hinges. the and the and then the screws from each of and the protected the from back of fireplace and the head screws and the of the fireplace with head screw- screws screws from plate cover head screw- to the the fire- and then and November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION Plate Assemby and then and to screws cover plate Plate Cover Plate
and to the right and of the and the and The assembly the wrench to the from assembly screw screws and screws. It Screw November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Arm Arm REMOVE REPLACE TIMER screws of from the Arm There to the assembly the front of the hand through the the of the fireplace. the assembly and then it through the and that the of the facing the of the arm. Assembly with
and and screw. Tighten screw of Assembly of Reference F. If the to the This the and the back to the November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C to mounting that the facing the arm. the arm. D facing the Arm Item Arm Washer SAE Screw PH PHL TC Arm Screw Screw PH PHL TC Mounting Bracket Mechanical, hours to Mounting Plate Arm
A. Hearth hearth with fireplaces to the front of the from both heat and below, and and (300F HX3 or HX4 Hearth or insulation below) constructed of or o Hearth Construction clearances. only below standoffs, such as board or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, constructed of board, B. Protection Thermal Conductivity: The the amount of heat BTUs) that flow hour through foot of inch thick each (F) of from of the to the other. The LOWER the factor heat conducted through the to the beneath The of or then the to (BTU) (inch) (foot (hour) o F) Thermal The of to heat when than the together, November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C or other WARNING whereas this The HIGHER the factor heat conducted through the to the beneath The of or then the to Converting to R: and the the thickness inch- of the inches of thickness Converting to Protective Hearth the inches of thickness R. inches of thickness/R protection of and inch thick. of and inch thick. of This than and therefore Hearth Insulation Hearth HX3, HX4 USG USG Common Brick Armstrong inch inch thick thick thickness
hearth MUST or of and Hearth and both of fireplace or screw Positioning the Protective Hearth Strips The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the hearth and the front of the fireplace with of and Hearth the Non-combustible front of and to of the with thickness of and and and and November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING OVERLAP NONCOMBUSTIBLE DECORATIVE MATERIAL HX4 MICORE FACTORY BUILT HEARTH EXTENSION (Each HX4 thick) of Factory Hearth Hearth the and Hearth to the of the hearth constructed of such as or Non- the hearth front of and to of the with thickness of and GAP (SEAL WITH NONCOMBUSTIBLE SEALANT) UP TO BOTTOM OF FASCIA HEARTH METAL STRIPS WARNING Hearth exactly as specified. High or from each of
and Hearth the and Hearth Platform Hearth to of November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Can or with High to withstand or (or Can (Seal with high to withstand front and Can to or (or and with front and to and or front and to or (or and Combustible or Combustible or Non-combustible Combustible
C. the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the fireplace front. These should approximately from the fireplace front and both of the the crack the hearth and with of sealant. Apply finishing of choice to the hearth NOTE: SEE PAGES CLEARANCES TO COM- BUSTIBLES, HEARTH EXTENSIONS FLOOR PROTEC- TION FOR CLEARANCES REQUIRED FOR DIFFERENT HEARTH EXTENSION INSTALLATIONS. THE CLEAR- ANCES MUST BE STRICTLY ADHERED TO. Hearth to as illustrated to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the Seal with the Hearth November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING D. Finishing the fireplace of the fireplace! This and fire. You the of the fireplace. NOTE: The serviceability of the Combustion Combustible of or with plastics, or other that and burn, whether or or whether or Non-Combustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. that as ASTM Behavior of 750C, bustible Non-Combustible which and burn: Calstick completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the fireplace and facing to with to cover the fireplace front. OR Template template of the front the of the It the around than the front. the template the of the template clearances. below standoffs, such as board or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, constructed of board, WARNING
E. Non-Combustible Facing of Follow these instructions exactly. properly to fire. without authorization Hearth TOOLS NEEDED: with head the fireplace to the or of to further of the fireplace. The and brack- that attached the fireplace to the to the fireplace to the of or to and the hearth this NOTE: boards Boards MUST attached the following top, and then the the to the of the fire- with screws, the board centered. and the top to the and the Calstick, light the of the top board. Ensuring the top of the and the top board the to the outer and or or to or from facing Apply to or other fin- ishing instructions. The Calstick the fireplace and the hearth to November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING Top Complete OVERLAP of and Hearth and both of fireplace or screw with Apply of Calstick to Calstick FIGURA FIGURA incombustible
F. than from the of the fireplace. The of Combustible that than from the of the than from the of the front. Combustible cover: the of the where the board the the the of the and to reduced Clearances from of to of or Specifications November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C
Instructions A. Appliance or the and To DO NOT: with or amounts of too to the fire Symptoms of Symptoms of include or of the following: or rumbling cracking or sounds fire What To Immediately the and to reduce supply to the fire. If fire, the fire and house. professional and and inspected the professional informs to Hearth WILL NOT warranty that of of includes, to: Warped refractory and other November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING B. Information as as other years. It that caused and operation of the that and of the with these instructions. It that the fire when- the fireplace It recommended that inspection the fireplace to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating children CAREFULLY SUPERVISE as and to of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other WARNING fireplace reading and operating instructions. to properly fire. WARNING HOT! DO NOT TOUCH SEVERE BURNS MAY RESULT. CLOTHING IGNITION MAY RESULT. and other and cool
C. of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around constructed houses or existing with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the The with to combustion from the with termination The supplied. to the effects of within the It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should the ground and clear of and/or If that this when the height ground It while to which and to fire. off November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Combustion This fireplace correctly to allow to the fire- Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the located. NOTE: OUTSIDE AIR IS REQUIRED. allows of the This closed when the to of combustion to heated within the and to to the fireplace properly. location and operation. lighting fire. CAUTION
D. Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as chairs or other least from the front of the E. Firescreen firescreen optional to It whenever the fireplace or firescreens to burning the fire- those specifically tested and with the fireplace should used. both to the that the attached. to to the front or too high that the front. with fire and heat to If and then the and the to Troubleshooting firescreen when burning fireplace. firescreen or to burning fireplace. Firescreen or burning wear when or the as the become while F. This tested and with as specified Section 12.D. Please to the with each of instructions. or closed when operating Partially or heat from November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING WARNING G. Instructions with Switch tion. Initial (cold) off fire- and established, High The throughout the burn. or High The should off established, then turned or high The to cool off the fire- off the established; then, wish, the NOTE: The with that turn the and off the of the fire- If the the the switch to and the as The switch and the wired of and mount with the H. Heat The accessory from the fireplace through to locations the or other of the You or the fireplace. Follow the instructions that with the of this MUST service technician. If or DO NOT The and as specified. If or of its the warranty and possibly fire to and/or DUCT RUN MAXIMUM Duct MINIMUM Duct DUCTING MATERIAL DO NOT DUCT existing MINIMUM CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLE from the from top and of outlet from the of outlet from to
ALL should and with and with the National NFPA/NEC the United States), or with the CSC22.1 I. Softwood fireplaces performance the of the firewood Contrary to of to the other of seasoned of about pound. The factor that than softwoods. Therefore, of about than of softwood. Since firewood commonly the of seasoned would about than of seasoned (softwood). There of and softwood. Although every of the to them as coniferous or Softwoods coniferous. These with that year and their of softwood fir, and Softwoods, to and to than that their the Their usually found within protective or this of and should noted that there that such as aspen and to season, and to than softwoods. Obviously, the type of that readily the to of softwood and This the softwood the fire off heat to the to operating Then the heat and burn November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION of which of burn, the factor that affects the operates the amount of the The of the fireplace owners caused trying to unseasoned Freshly as as of around that about pounds. with of the firebox and to burn This sounds that exactly what burn unseasoned the should and seasoning to about two-thirds seasoned, the of the The with burning unseasoned heat from the of heat to the This wasted that should heating Secondly, this the of which cooling firebox and combined with and other from burn- which the relatively cool firebox and the section of this information formation and least and should enough to the as as to the about To enough to burn, the of the If there cracks from the If the fire, though the cured. Seasoning Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to the and increasing the of each tree that and to as high as when
NOT or location. both exposed to unseasoned of reduces The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow The the the the process. should should that both of each to through the than the This with that cover, such as shed, or with plastic, of as from or the seasoning process. covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and NOT than clearances to to Within or November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING WARNING J. Starting lighting first fire the that the and the correctly positioned. It should resting the to and cleaning of plated lighting first fire. NOTE: REMOVE ALL LABELS FROM GLASS BEFORE LIGHTING THE FIRST FIRE IN YOUR APPLIANCE. There to fire. The basic to light easily-ignitable or which the burning which the slow-burning firewood. that of crushed the fire- Heating the with slightly newspaper to of top of the the to the right. that matches or other the of the fireplace. the and the structed. Light the the fireplace. NEVER light or fireplace with or charcoal the Once the burning quickly, or to smother the fire. the of enough to each other enough from each other to allow flow them. ready to the slowly, holding fire and heat. the the the the and the fire burn. The the right) the heat and the the burn. as there repeating and fire throughout the season. NOTE: The high that fireplace finished with as heats. You and from the fireplace this that the and cured.
NOTE: should of heating season o clean. The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to burned from the fireplace and the refractory and to You the first fires. This and released operation. Curing of high irritating to and other and clear of NOT to the NOT charcoal or to or freshen fire this fireplace. such from the fireplace while Combustible with only. Other and November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION WARNING WARNING
K. Correct to covered warranty. the burning with the the only. Not Reduced efficiency Overheating the Overheating the rear of the firebox performance and or CORRECT POSITION and MUST with the back of the firebox and with each other the front. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING of INCORRECT POSITIONS and NOT with the back of the firebox. NOT with the back of the firebox and NOT with the the front. bunched the back of the firebox and NOT with the the front. of
L. things to burn: and heat. If heat from the fireplace the the of reduced the burn. this reason, to seasoned firewood. burning however the and the high burn to or It to about the of burning to what fireplace. The first of burning the this the heated to high enough to the which The reach the of (212F) and the This heat from the and to cool the fireplace. The of the secondary the when the off which the with bright this of burning that the and allowed to This the fire. If fireplace should the to the where If the to the fireplace too burning The of burning the charcoal This when the burned and charcoal This clean of the burn. The with It to fireplace while enough lively to the amount of heat to and the of It to the while This the coalbed. that or through You should and the that the from other burning which or November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION M. Combustion (ACC) ypically, when fire, to the to the fire the You then to back to the and and too quickly. With the Combustion the fireplace to high the to the right), fire, and then the to their The fireplace to that the fire established. This allows interaction with the fire the homeowner and of while the heat IMPORTANT! the to the right, about three-fourths of the You that to the Combustion (ACC) NOTE: when Left-Close the ACC THE DECORATIVE FASCIA MUST BE REMOVABLE ON YOUR FIREPLACE IN ORDER TO SERVICE THE AUTOMATIC COMBUSTION CONTROL SYSTEM. ACC LEFT to Stop Stop to Stop to the to RIGHT CLOSE OPEN
N. operating with the lowest follow these operating of heat when the fireplace, with the to the right) of to (heat the Heat Follow the burn instructions below. NOTE: To establish with the the to the to STOP and then to the right BTU Below Heat Rate High High *These and with type of or NOTE: If bright, the ACC required. NOTE: BURN DRY, WELL-SEASONED WOOD. O. Rates HIGH Heat: the to the right). It to this when the fireplace. to this MEDIUM HIGH BURN RATE to BTU: burning high to the to the to to and then to right the MEDIUM BTU: burning high to or to the to to and then to right the LOW BTU: burning high to or the to the to the fireplace. It to the first hours of to November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C LEFT to Stop to Stop to the to RIGHT P. Opacity his the of cleanly fireplace burn- Opacity measured when the from and that become with fireplace, should the opacity. This allow to know to fireplace as nearly as of opacity). NOT the vicinity. NOT charcoal or to or freshen fire this heater. such from the heater while Combustible WARNING and other and clear of WARNING NOT than clearances to bustibles to Within or NOT With With WARNING NOT or location. both to unseasoned of
Q. the of fire: the and inspected professionals. Hearth that NFI or CSIA professionals, or technicians the of professionals, of NFPA inspection of the of the and fireplace as specified the professionals. properly and the properly secured. fire permanently to and repairs of fire. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C R. To reasonable fire the following should serious least each of to They should located from the heating and to the areas. Follow the and instructions, and to regularly. located Class fire extinguisher to with fires from burning consisting of least to with fire as follows: the of fire: fire the While fire of from overheated or from the
Troubleshooting This fireplace correctly tion to allow to the Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or which within the where the fireplace located. A. If from when the and the and the there the the or to from the fireplace the house. and the which each of these of to their improperly connected or the reduce through the rather than through the The might and fires that might other this The should B. This correctly tion to allow to the fireplace Hearth the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located. measured as the The amount of the The because the bustion the and the of the There three establishing and of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C If the fire to and of the fireplace, or to establish and high burn then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating tions, correctly and that the and height. the following: sections properly The and of or and branches back within of the top of the and of from the and free of of or with the the and the their The and seasoned. If to increase the of Since the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when factory-built or sheets of top of as to the of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors Neighboring high winds, around the that fire- the usually or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat home.
Overhead Factory-built Troubleshooting November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C o o Another from fireplace? and closing? closed Combustion o Unsealed lights? closed? or termination
C. and If cant fire what of Condition the combustion there enough heat to there enough heat to the there enough or too too enough? there combustion and the pre-warmed? Exposed, downdrafting lighted newspaper to there the house? Obstruction from or from house the Condition, amount, of and the the Amount of Condition of the well-seasoned and suf- Condition of amount Turn off slightly the house fire. What the cause/what of Condition the clean? cleaned the house operation. What causing of Condition fires and Chimney obstruction Not enough and/or to establish combustion November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C heat to establish high to Competition with that covered top months, preferably and previously Pre-warm off slightly well-spaced and balanced
enough/any heat. What about of Condition fire? fires seasoned the Condition of seasoned covered top months, preferably (about heat expectations Heat output too foot- Follow instructions The burns too fast. What of Condition What the of the seasoned fire established Follow instructions ACC properly November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C age with with greater heat
and Servicing the Asphyxiation inspection technician recommended. Condition of surrounds and fronts Condition of and assembly Obstructions of combustion and Obstructions of termination Clean: passageways, A. (Chimney) Cleaning necessary; least annually lighting or once every months heating season. Homeowner Chimney the following instructions. from the firebox and extinguish Allow the to cool completely. or and from cleaning top of the and and the properly. the tightly. The or should with specifically the type of Clean ashes from the firebox. this service. It recommended that each heating season the professionally inspected, cleaned and repaired necessary. Inspection: Inspect the the and the top. Cooler to to the from the top as as from the Formation and slowly, and other which with to The the relatively cool of newly-started or slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire which the or the house. The and should inspected once every months the heating season to or occurred. If or should to reduce the of fire. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING Chimney Termination Cleaning screws top cover. Top top and Termination shown) screws, top cover. Top TR344/TR342 Round Termination screws and top off. Section ST375 Termination the screws. the the Chase TS345/TS345P Termination screws from the front and back and the top off. TCT375 Termination
Inspect and once every months heating season. to reduce of fire. Ignited HOT. cleaners or of Ashes Homeowner the following instructions. Ashes should with tight The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. of Ashes Ashes should with tight Ashes should retained closed thoroughly cooled. Cleaning Homeowner the following instructions. Clean with cleaner. cleaners scratch and to crack. If the the heavy, cleaners cloth ashes or using cleaner. cleaner, to with or and the firing permanently the and the plated November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C WARNING WARNING WARNING of the combustion the firebox deflected the of the This flow washes the to from to its operated flowing the and the relatively cool of fire the to become coated. the with the Rate and the should the built coating. B. that the fire and the cool to the Protect or counter top with or towels. with from the and off of the hinges. or counter and the of the top screws from the top and each Head screwdriver. and screws. HINT screws easy the and the with the the front the to thread the screws. screws to to them the Then to each screw alternately, the DO NOT OVER- TIGHTEN SCREWS. the the the first burn, the of the screws. NOTE: REMOVE ALL LABELS FROM GLASS BEFORE LIGHTING THE FIRST FIRE IN YOUR APPLIANCE. WARNING specified DO NOT REPLACE with other
C. The firebox of with high firebrick, which There to fire the firebox the without IMPORTANT: The the the location. Measure the accuracy. the completely cooled, firebrick and from and firebox. from and to as shown the top of the top of back of firebox and of back. top of of firebox and the of the with the of the November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Brick Brick Qty. Brick SRV7000-306 when or this the and to authorized
D. and Cleaning of Plated Clean-plated with or lighting first fire to Clean the and from the fir- the the first or and to the cured, the finish. with It scratch plated E. Inspect of and as necessary. Inspect cracks. this Circulation Compartment Firebox Inspect of crumbly, or cracks Chimney Inspect or obstruction such as November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CAUTION CAUTION of clearance to household Confirm there to or as necessary. Inspect Confirm around Clean using cleaner. of and to the If the or the correctly. If the too easily, the to thickness the around Confirm that termination clear and that termination clearance to (building additions) maintained. Inspect or weather and flashing intact. Inspect and as Section
F. Service of Service of Service November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C
Reference A. November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C FRONT VIEW SIDE VIEW C C TOP VIEW Blower Access (right of fireplace)
B. The following the SL-300 and which with this fireplace. CAK4A Chimney CB876 Chimney Bracket ID4 Insulated Duct RF370 Flashing to Pitch UD4 Uninsulated Duct RF371 Flashing to Pitch SL306 Section TR344 Round Termination SL312 Section TR342 Round Termination SL318 Section ST375 Termination SL324 Section TS345 Termination SL336 Chimney Section CT35M Chase Top of SL348 Chimney Section 12966A Thimble SL3 MH841 Thimble SL315 HX4 MICORE Hearth SL330 Chimney HEATZONE-WOOD Heat FS338 Firestop Straight SCR-433 FS339 Firestop TMP-433 Template FS340 LINTEL-433 AS8 Straight Insulation TV-TRK Round Termination Top JB877 Chimney Plate Chimney Sections SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 Effective of snapped to another) November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C INSULATED DUCT FS338 FS339 FS340 ID4 UNINSULATED DUCT UD4 RF370 Flashing to Pitch RF371 Flashing to Pitch
SL3 SL315-SL330 TR344 Round Termination MAX. DISTANCE TR342 Round Termination November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C CB876 Bracket TR342 TERMINATION CAP CHASE TOP TOP OF UPPERMOST CHIMNEY SECTION JB877 12966A Thimble MH841 Thimble TS345/TS345P Termination ST375 Termination CT35M Chase Top TR-TVK Round Termination Top CAK4A Chimney AS8 Straight Insulation
C. NorthStar November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C following
D. Service IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION service or please and this from authorized Item SRV480-0510 Blower Access Blower, Convection Blower Mounting Brick BRICK-480 Brick, SRV7000-306 Chimney CAK4A Connector Assembly (Includes Connector; Light Switch; Light Switch EPA and Assembly, Black Assembly HANDLES- SRV480-0530 Right SRV480-0520 SRV480-5050 Assembly Top Hearth Junction Cover Plate Light Switch Light Switch Plate Screws TUBES-480 Can Cover Plate November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C SRV480-1150 FP and
D. Service IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION service or please and this from authorized Item Termination Assembly Plate Assembly, inch. SL1 Assembly Mechanical, SRV480-1940 SRV480-0990 November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C FP and
November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C This intentionally
E. Warranty Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY Hearth (HHT) and its the following warranty HHT and purchased from authorized HHT and the United States of America or Warranty with of purchase the as noted Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA years years years Firebox, HHT Chimney, years years Heat year years Refractory CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This warranty to the and to years from of purchase to the homeowner, the purchase through authorized or of HHT, and the its of installation. The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the HHT or caused the cleaning and temporary repairs, or the to the the covered this warranty. This warranty to or include the or terminations, firebrick, or other and/or of the firepots, or firebox covered this warranty. from or of and related to this covered this warranty. 4021-645A November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Igniters, Blowers Refractory Heat Conditions, and and as covered Conditions, and and
Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY HHTs obligation this warranty to from: or of the with the instructions; operating instructions and the furnished with the which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the or such as or forced or other such of other than those specified the operating instructions; installation or of with the or other authorized and HHT; and/or of the autho- and HHT writing. This warranty apply to hearth or other with the of this This warranty the or operated atmospheres or other chemicals the to prolonged of or or there to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or installation. HHTs this warranty to the and of or workmanship the HHT of its obligations such warranties the HHTs covered this warranty. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. This Warranty effective HHT and and currently If warranty service should If the to or the authorized HHT or 4021-645A November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C
F. Information operating and instructions included. This covered or of the following (United States) 6688302B2, 6715724B2, D320652, D445174, D462436; or other U.S. and November Heatilator EPA 480-1091C Heatilator, of Hearth Inc. MN Please Heatilator with or the location of Heatilator please www.heatilator.com. DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow www.heatilator.com NOTES CAUTION these instructions and operation. Printed U.S.A. Copyright this with and operation.