GFK4B If of of the instructions or the Technical Services The GFK4B to through the to heat The ates 120VAC, This through the factory The located the of the with the which the and off and with to forced the of of Table with the received. If or Precautions The GFK4B tested and when with this It responsibility to instructions and to follow these instructions to from, and operation of, the NOT VAC to NOT VAC to switch Incorrect Incorrect IPI and This electrically wired and grounded with or, the of with National ANSI/NFPA or the CSA C22.1. Wear protective and arrow found the WARNING CAUTION Hearth GFK4B You included with this Instructions WARNING ONLY optional this non-listed warranty. non-listed Hearth Qty. Screws Cord Bracket of
the the front and from the the and ground with screws to the front of the blower the of the the ground with the screw the existing the Bracket the around the Bracket-No screws the screws through the the back of the housing to the Screws Hearth GFK4B Deflector If the the shield with the to attached. If shield screws to the front of the Bracket the and to the and the
the the the to the and the Press the to the to the back of the the the FAN the the the to the the the with the white and wires with from the to the as shown the ground with the to the TP screw the switch connected to TH. the with white with from to TH. switch from TH to the the with white wire. Thermopile wired as shown Black Ground Thermopile White TP TH TP TH RS Black/White Hearth GFK4B FIREBOX BOTTOM BOTTOM PAN the Wall Switch White Black FAN Assembly Junction APPLIANCE BACK Cord
(IPI) the white and wires with from to as shown the ground to the the from the the with white with from to to with white wire. (IPI) SIT the white and wires with from to as shown the ground with the to the TP screw the with white and of to the back of TH. SIT Recommended Procedure The the (approximately) With and extinguished: Turn clockwise to Press and the with Release Light Hearth GFK4B from Black/White Black White TP TH TP TH SIT Black/White Black White Black Thermopile Wall Switch White Black Press and release Extinguish and each used. with APPROXIMATELY to and to off.