HRTL77105.0 QUESTIONS? to satisfaction. If or or PLEASE CONTACT OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT DIRECTLY. CALL TOLL-FREE: MST ON THE WEB: www.healthriderservice.com CAUTION and tions this this this reference. Decal USER'S MANUAL www.healthrider.com products, and
TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS BEFORE YOU BEGIN ASSEMBLY HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL TROUBLESHOOTING CONDITIONING GUIDELINES PART LIST LIMITED WARRANTY EXPLODED DRAWING the of this HealthRider of ICON IP, Inc.
IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the of burns, fire, shock, or to the following and information operating the It the responsibility of the to that of this of and the as the with least of clearance and each the that To the or from the the from and the or covered or the where products or where children the of and from the The should than pounds. allow than the Wear clothes when the wear clothes that become caught the Athletic clothes recommended both and wear athletic the with wearing or the the included) and the grounded of carrying or other should the cord. single-outlet that of the specifications To purchase HealthRider or the free telephone the front cover of this and or to properly functioning to the of the If the the or unexpectedly, which and serious the and the from heated the while the turned off. the the or or the properly. TROUBLESHOOTING the tread- properly.) Read, and the the OPERATION and ADJUSTMENT). the while the the while the The of high the to The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart the while the and the when the to lower, or the properly assembled. ASSEMBLY and HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL You to pounds to lower, or the the of the the
or the that the closed. Inspect and properly tighten of the regularly. or DANGER: the immediately cleaning the and the WARNING: this or physician. This the age of or with health Read instructions ICON responsibility or property or through the of this The shown the If or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and free Apply the the tion shown. The shown SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS and this the instructed to authorized service Servicing other than the this should authorized service only. This in-home only. this or institutional
BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank selecting the HealthRider The HealthRider offers of features to the of home. when exercising, the than the of other this the If reading this please the front cover of this To the Water bottle included) Foot Rear and calling. The of the HRTL77105.0. The found attached to the tread- the front cover of this the location). To service warranty, the www.healthriderservice.com/registration. reading further, please the below and with the Cord Cushioned Platform RIGHT SIDE Key/Clip
ASSEMBLY To hire authorized service to the toll-free Assembly the cleared and of the assembly completed. Assembly the included wrench and screwdriver and The of the coated with high-performance amount of to the top of the or the This and performance. If there top of the off the with cloth and cleaner. To assembly, the below. Washer With the of the Uprights to the shown. Next, of the the of the Uprights as shown. that the turned the It helpful to the Uprights and to the the other shown) the Screw Foot Screw Screw Screw
the of the the indicated the right Upright the Bracket with Screw the other Bracket shown) to the Upright shown) the While the assembly, the the Washers and the (A) from both Uprights and the assembly. the While the assembly, the of of the the assembly; that the Bracket of the of the Tighten Screw the of the with the other the shown). Next, with Washers the right Upright and the the the with the the shown). four started, them. With the of the Uprights as shown. that the the Uprights. each with Screws and as shown; the Screw, without the first. One included. the to that becomes worn. Assembly Assembly
to the of the Uprights with and the the should freely. the other shown) the With the of the Uprights to Press the the Upright If necessary, to the the from the that the and the the Next, the the and the Upright and the back the the the HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the Right Foot the Right Foot to the of the Right with Foot Screw Next, the Foot to the of the with Foot Screw the HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE that properly the included. the included wrench the wrench to the To the or from the
HOW TO USE THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR HOW TO PUT ON THE CHEST PULSE SENSOR The consists of the and the Unit the of the the of the as shown the Press the of the the the The should with the front of the Next, the around and the other of the to the the of the The should clothes, tight and as high the or breasts as that the the facing and right-side-up. the from inches and the the (the covered shallow such as or both areas. the to CHEST PULSE SENSOR CARE AND MAINTENANCE Thoroughly the each The activated when the and the heart the off when and the If the each activated than Chest Strap Unit the prematurely. the the or other that the to sunlight of to or below or stretch the when using or the Clean the using clothnever or chemicals. The hand washed and CHEST PULSE SENSOR TROUBLESHOOTING The instructions the following the with the If the function properly, the below. that wearing the as the If the function when as scribed, slightly or higher such as or to the the If heart readings appear the areas. or the the of the the to heart readings, the within arms of the The to with people who heart Heart reading caused such as tions and The operation of the affected interference caused high or other If suspected that this relocating the The CR2032 to
OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PRE-LUBRICATED WALKING BELT features coated with high- performance IMPORTANT: apply or other to the or the the and HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: of the increased of shock. with or service- as to whether the properly grounded. the with the productif the outlet other type of sophisticated seriously and interference from weather or from other ances turned or off. To the of with the right). To purchase HealthRider or the toll-free telephone the front cover of this and or single-outlet that UL as (TVSS). The UL rating of or and of The electrically rated AC and There toring light the to whether functioning properly. to properly functioning to the of the If the the or which and serious This grounded. If should tion or grounding of least to reduce the of shock. This with and grounding the and the outlet that properly and grounded with and ordinances. The with outlets. This and grounding that the trated below. temporary that the illustrated to the to as shown properly grounded outlet Screw The temporary should properly grounded outlet The green-colored ear, or the from the connected to ground such as properly grounded outlet cover. Whenever the screw. outlet covers grounded. to the outlet cover grounded Grounding Grounding Grounding Grounded
FEATURES OF THE CONSOLE The offers of features to effective. the of the selected, the and of the with the of the feedback. You heart the hand- or the the Each the and of the as it through effective You and them memory The offers four heart that the and of the to Priority heart heart The heart the of the To the of the follow the To trainer To and and To heart If there of clear the of the the plastic. To age to the wear while using the The first the used, the of the and the
HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER the Next, the reset/off the the cord. that the the Next, the foot of the the attached to the the and the the of clothes. Then, the the the and the light. the pulled from the causing the to to the backward; the pulled from the the of the HOW TO USE THE MANUAL MODE the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select the the the selected and appear the If lected, the the from the and then the To the the the increase or of the buttons. If the or the increase pressed, the to the of the as the crease and buttons. Each pressed, the the of the buttons pressed, the to reach the selected If of the buttons pressed, the increase reaches the selected To the the Stop To the the the increase or of the buttons. the of the as To the of the the increase and buttons. Each pressed, the the buttons pressed, the to reach the lected Follow with the and the the selected, the or the tread- the around the the appears. The then and the to appear The of the the of and the of the the or the the of the heart
The right of the the that or the and the of the selected and heart the right of the the the instead of the The of the the Press the repeatedly the shows the information that to While information displayed the the informa- tion displayed the or right of the The and or To the of THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE plicity, instructions this section to To the the Stop the and then the Measure heart If the and the the the heart accurately. To the first the of clear from the that clean. Next, the foot and the tected, the heart the of the appear, or appear, and then heart shown. the heart reading, to the about seconds. Turn the To the the To the high the To off the the third If the when the the off finished exercising, the from the the foot the and the of the to the lowest The the lowest when the to the tion or the become Next, the from the and If the the the the and off the finished using the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord.
HOW TO USE PERSONAL TRAINER PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the Certified peatedly; P-1, P-2, P-3, P-4, P-5, P-6, P-7, P-8, P-9, or P-10 appear the ority seconds. the of the and the of the the seconds. of the of the the seconds selected, the the Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and or One and each The and/or or The the first shown the flash- of the (The shown the The the shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound. If the and/or of the about to the and/or the the to the first completed, to the The the then shown the flashing and the to the and the If of the the the that only the highest appear the The this the the shown the and the The then to If the or the too high or too manually the pressing the or buttons. Every pressed, appear or appear the of the to the right of the the of as the tor appear or those as the of the the cally to the and the To the the Stop To the the ton or the increase The to the of the the matically to the and the Follow with the
heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the the that the of the the lowest Next, the from the and If the the the the and off the finished the switch the reset/off to the off and the cord. HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To the Custom Heart Rate repeatedly; P-11 or P-12 appear the seconds. If the three of the If than three of appear, HOW TO USE CUS- TOM PROGRAM Press the or the increase and the and the pressed, the to the and to the Each One and each The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the To and the first the and of the as the and buttons. Every ton pressed, appear or the the first of the of tones sound and the and the memory. The three of then to the and the the shown the flashing and the as and as as to forty finished with the ton The and that and the of that then memory. finished exercising, the from the this
HOW TO USE CUSTOM PROGRAM the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER Select of the To Custom Heart Rate repeatedly; P-11 or P-12 appear the seconds. the of the and the of the the seconds. of the of the the seconds lected, the the If only three of the HOW TO CREATE CUSTOM PROGRAM Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and that previously. the and Each One and each (The and/or or The the first shown the flashing of the (The shown the The the four shown the to the right. only three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right flash, of tones sound, and the and the the the first to the The the then shown the flashing and the tread- to the and that ously. The this the the shown the and the The then to If to the while To the or the the or buttons. the the memory. To crease the of the first the completed. Then, the ton and and as as as as the Stop To the of the the Stop the completed. To the the To the the ton or the increase Follow with the heart Turn the finished exercising, the from the
HOW TO USE HEART RATE PROGRAM CAUTION: If heart or years of age and inactive, the If regularly, physician to whether the heart Follow the below to heart the You wear the to the the HOW TO TURN ON THE POWER of the heart To heart the Custom Heart Rate repeatedly; P-13, P-14, P-15, or P-16, appear the seconds. If heart selected, the the If heart or lected, of the heart of the the heart If heart selected, the heart the the If the increase and crease buttons the Custom Heart Rate to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY If heart or selected, the heart of the the If the increase and buttons the Custom Heart Rate to the heart EXERCISE INTENSITY If the heart the of the change. Press the or the increase to the the pressed, the tread- to the first and of the the and Heart The heart the Heart and or One heart each The heart or If heart or lected, the heart the first shown the flashing of the The heart the shown the to the right. three seconds the first of the both the and the to the right and of tones sound.
the first heart to the The heart the then shown the flashing each heart the heart to the heart If heart too below or the heart the the of the increase or to heart to the heart If the or too high or too the the with the or buttons. when the heart to the heart the of the to heart to the heart If the the PLS the and the of the If this CHEST PULSE SEN- SOR TROUBLESHOOTING To the the Stop To the the ton or the increase button. The to the heart to the heart the and/or of the to heart to the heart Follow with the Turn the finished exercising, the from the
THE INFORMATION MODE/DEMO MODE The features information that of information. The information allows to or as the of and to and off the To the information the while the the and then release the Stop the information selected, the following information played: The the of hours that the operated. The right of the the of or that the E English or M appear the of the Press the increase to the of IMPORTANT: If pears the of the the the This to when played the the the the from the and the the appear the buttons the If pears when the information selected, the the To the information the from the
HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE the the to the lowest If this the permanently Next, the cord. CAUTION: You to pounds to lower, or the the with the locations shown the arrow. CAUTION: To the of and back straight. the to with rather than back. the about to the right to the shown and the firmly. hand, the to the and the the catch with the the release the that the the catch. To the or from the the of sunlight. the the age HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL the the to the age as that the the the catch. the uprights and foot of the the back freely the the to the location. the without back. To reduce the of while the to the foot of the and the to the Latch Catch Closed
HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE the of the with right as shown. hand, the to the and the the the the release the the with both and the to the the to the CAUTION: To the of injury, and back straight. Catch
TROUBLESHOOTING following the below. the that and follow the listed. If further the front cover of this PROBLEM: The turn SOLUTION: that the and that the properly grounded outlet only single-outlet that of the specifications The with the that the the the located the the cord. If the switch as shown, the tripped. To the and then the switch back PROBLEM: The off SOLUTION: the located the the If the tripped, and then the switch back that the If the and then back the from the the the If the the front cover of this PROBLEM: The the function properly SOLUTION: the from the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. the as shown the right. the Screws and the Screws from the Then, the Uprights and the Next, the Switch and the the of the Turn the the with the Switch. that the the and the Switch about If necessary, the Screw the Switch slightly, and then the Screw. the and the to reading. Tripped Top
PROBLEM: The when SOLUTION: single-outlet that of the specifications If the and the the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both counterclockwise, of turn. the properly should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. If the when the front cover of this PROBLEM: The off-center or when SOLUTION: If the off-center, first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD If the shifted to the the wrench to the clockwise of turn; the shifted to the right, the counterclockwise of turn. to the Then, the cord, the and the the centered. If the when first the and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD the wrench, both rear clockwise, of turn. the correctly tight- should to each of the to inches off the platform. to the centered. Then, the cord, the and the the properly tightened. PROBLEM: The of the correctly SOLUTION: With the the of the buttons. While the the seconds, the The to the and then to the This the Rear
PROBLEM: The function properly SOLUTION: If the function properly, CHEST PULSE SENSOR TROU- BLESHOOTING If the function properly, the should To the battery, the cover the back of the the the cover and turn the cover counterclockwise to the the cover. the from the CR that the writing top. that the the the tery and to the closed Battery Battery Cover Battery
CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: this or This the age of or with existing health The factors, including the the of heart readings. The as heart The following to informa- tion, or physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether to or to strengthen the to the to with the intensity. The intensity found heart as The chart below shows heart rates burning and To the heart first age the of the chart rounded off to the years). Next, the three The three train- The recommended heart rates the higher the recommended heart To burn effectively, relatively of the first of easily the first to If to the and of the tread- heart the lowest the and of the heart the If to strengthen activity that amounts of prolonged of This increases the the heart to to the and the to the the and of the heart the highest WORKOUT GUIDELINES Each should include the following three Warm-up each with to of stretching and light creases heart and tion Training increase the intensity of to the first of than Breathe and as breath. Cool-down each with to of stretching to cool This increase the of and EXERCISE FREQUENCY To or three each with least of months, to each The to to and of life.
PART HRTL77105.0 R1005A To the below, the EXPLODED DRAWING the of this Qty. Qty. Foot Foot Foot Switch/Sensor Arm Switch Washer Top Arm Screw Plate Screw Washer Stop Washer Static Decal Cord Short Screw Screw Foot Right Foot Right Foot Platform Platform Screw Bracket Washer Ground Rear Right Rear Warning Decal Rear Catch Screw Platform Assembly Upright Bracket Chest Strap Foot Screw Washer Upright Base, Top Screw Key/Clip Plate Ground Screw Screw Releaseable Screw Rear Upright Screw
Warning Decal Right Cord Screw Washer Right Arm Screw White Wire, M/F White Wire, 2F Wire, 2F Black Wire, 2F Wire, Wire, F/2 Wire, M/F These illustrated
R1005A EXPLODED HRTL77105.0
R1005A EXPLODED HRTL77105.0
WHAT IS COVEREDThe HealthRider (Product) warranted to free of and workmanship. WHO IS COVEREDThe purchaser or the Product as from the purchaser. HOW LONG IS IT COVEREDICON Health Inc. (ICON), warranty the the of purchase. The and covered the of purchase. covered the of purchase. covered the of purchase. covered WHAT WE DO TO CORRECT COVERED to without charge, or the repairs authorized ICON first and ICON trained and authorized service or, option, the Product. WHAT IS NOT or caused unauthorized service, assembly or installation, alterations, without written authorization or to and as This warranty to products or or to products as WHAT YOU MUST of purchase, such as of and the Product as specified the Customer Service of within of the as instructed, or, necessary, the USERS MANUALIt VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THE MANUAL operating the Product. to the specified the to operation and HOW TO GET PARTS AND SERVICESimply Customer Service and them and and the of Product. They to replaced, or service where Product located or to the Product service. Authorization (RA from Customer Service securely Product the the RA the of the and the Include explaining the or and of of purchase the covered warranty. ICON or indirect, or of or with the or performance of the or with to of property, of or profits, of or of or other of whatsoever allow the or of or Accordingly, the apply to The warranty of and other and of merchantability or its and to the forth allow warranty Accordingly, the apply to authorized to or the of this warranty. This warranty rights and other rights which from to R1005A Printed USA ICON IP, Inc. LIMITED WARRANTY ICON HEALTH FITNESS, INC., S. W., LOGAN, UT