INSTALLATION OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS E36 E39 E42 WOODBURNING FIREPLACE installation, service or or property to this or information, service agency or the arrow found the text WARNING!
and Considerations........................................................................................... A. and B. of the C. D. Preparation E. F. of G. Constructing Chase H. I. Instructions Warranty...................................................................................................................................... the fireplace to the and the fireplace insulation when the fireplace used. This fireplace tested and with the optional these instructions. of optional specifically tested this the warranty and/or Precautions Please these instructions completely procedures. to follow them fireplace malfunction serious and/or property building to installation. The with and and supply of combustion from the house to the fire the fireplace to properly. To this, the of the optional recommended. the the tightly sealed, the optional combustion the to combustion. Hearth or related that from the of combustion It the responsibility of the builder/contractor to that combustion the fireplace. The fireplace with the Hearth SL Chimney The terminate the building. to follow specifications these instructions. NEVER when there fire burning the This built only. NEVER type charcoal light or this fireplace. from the fireplace. DO NOT cleaners or fireplace. The when the While servicing this fireplace, off electricity or to the This shock or burns. Also, the completely cooled servicing. To fireplace and to the of and inspect and the fireplace and to and the burning season. this cleaning instructions. E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Table of CAUTION: WARNING!
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS DESIGN AND INSTALLATION CONSIDERATIONS selecting location to of that allow to properly. This from fireplace, as as other combustion to incorrectly. Tightly efficiency. Unfortunately, of directed to tightening while to of the (insulated This increased the Effect, that increases the the This directly the performance of fireplace To the that the sealed airtight. the of recessed light the insulated and sealed recessed light Finally, the whole house and tightly sealed. These that the and of the home. If to fireplace that fireplace. that the to to and back Since fireplaces sealed, they affected the that Finally, fireplaces when their termination) located the of the when cathedral Chimneys that located the of the what known as and as as that located the of the The reason this that the the height of the the house the the If to fireplace location where the termination would located the of such as the of cathedral that fireplace. This the homeowner fireplace that operates correctly. These factory built fireplace. They as as conventionally to improperly. this of with the operation of once completed.
This tested and with UL and ULC-S610 and Inc. and operation the United States and as this This fireplace tested and with the optional These optional purchased and of reconstruction, and should the of the fireplace This fireplace and its to and operated as to or items this allowed these instructions, the and the warranty. It installation. through these instructions thoroughly and follow them throughout The Heatilator fireplace consists of the following: Grate Refractory Chimney Termination Chimney Hearth Optional Chimney Combustion throughout these instructions typical installations and only. slightly to and clearances The and throughout these instructions to A. LISTINGS AND CODE APPROVALS B. DESCRIPTION OF THE FIREPLACE SYSTEM E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with building agency to this fireplace to with including the and follow-up inspections. If installation, please or the Heatilator Technical Services Hearth Inc., W. of Hearth Inc. WARNING! Typical
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS E36 E39 E42 includes and hearth protection HX3 HX3 HX4 Hearth DM1036 DM1039 DM1042 Black DM1036B DM1039B DM1042B Polished DM1036S DM1039S DM1042S DP1036 DP1042 Perception Black DP1036B DP1042B Perception Polished DP1036S DP1042S Perception DMA1036B DMA1042B Polished GR4 GR5 GR6 Grate (included with AK14 DM1036 DM1036B DM1036S DM1039 DM1039B DM1039S DM1042 DM1042B DM1042S C. SYSTEM COMPONENTS GLASS DOORS DMA1036B DMA1042B INTEGRAL GRATE (Supplied) GR4 GR5 GR6 HEARTH EXTENSION DP1036 DP1036B DP1036S DP1042 DP1042B DP1042S Perception HX3 HX4
C E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OUTSIDE AIR KIT AK14
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chimney The following only those which with this CAK4A Chimney ID4 Insulated UD4 Uninsulated SL306 Chimney Section SL312 Chimney Section SL318 Chimney Section SL324 Section SL336 Chimney Section SL348 Chimney Section SL3 Chimney SL315 Chimney SL330 Firestop Straight FS338 FS339 Firestop FS340 AS8 SL300 Straight Insulation JB877 Chimney CB876 Chimney Bracket RF370 Flashing to Pitch RF371 Flashing to Pitch TR344 Termination TR342 Round Termination ST375 Termination TS345 Termination TS345P Termination Painted TCT375 Termination CT35 Chase Top LDS33 Decorative Shroud LDS46 Decorative Shroud
FS338 FS339 FS340 CB876 AS8 Straight Chimney Bracket Insulation Sections SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 Effective of snapped to another) E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS SL3 SL330 RF370 Flashing RF371 Flashing to Pitch to Pitch JB877
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS LDS33 LDS46 Decorative Shroud TR344 Round Termination TR342 Round Termination CT35 Chase Top TS345/TS345P Termination ST375 Termination CAK4A
Locations and Several options to when choosing location fireplace. This fireplace as or chase. Locating the fireplace heat outlets or or other locations of the performance and from the front of the fireplace. Consideration should to these factors location. and typical used. Therefore, when ducting directly without Corner Wall or Chase from products of such that the from or the where other heating or and or These reduce the of fireplace or To with or insulation, the fireplace or insulation. overheating and fire D. PRE-INSTALLATION PREPARATION Locations E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS These rough only. C E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 WARNING! WARNING! CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly. sections clearance the and section.
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the The fireplace the shown the below The finished cavity than shows typical of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the the top of the the of the top standoffs. sections clearance the and section. apply finishing of the of this fireplace or fire The fireplace front covered with such as or cover or cooling cover of the to the fireplace that the of authorized the CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly. Chimney sections clearance the and section. E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 WARNING!
Sidewalls/Surrounds located of from the fireplace If surround constructed of located within the Short they within the location, the and clearances considered. The fireplace and tested to flexibility The following the from the of the E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 E. CHIMNEY REQUIREMENTS straight height height with height offset and height the offset and straight height the fireplace E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and Surrounds
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and To overhead the offset using or the following to the installation. offset and attached together or section(s) offset and the to shifted to to the overhead A to sections to the the offset to Table and the A to than the of installation. The B that with the A the clearance that to the offset and return. the chart and the of sections and the of those the floor/ceiling, firestop The effective height of the fireplace assembly measured from the of fireplace to top of offsets to offset than from This fire the restricted. Chart* SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 SL306 SL312 assembly of cooled of Effective built this chart. WARNING! A from Table the to, than offset/return. It then from the that B) the offset and return. The that SL312s.
Chimney Height building specify height the top. These what known as the Foot This These heights the of operation. buildings, should Height of Sections Table To the to follow the below: the height of the fireplace installation. This measured from the of the fireplace assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the assembly from the height of the fireplace (measured from the of the fireplace to the of the termination to Table to what selected to the fireplace installation. the of firestop spacers, flashing, to the fireplace installation. If the from the of the to the of the or the top of the least the of the than height the highest where through the If the from the of the to the of the than height reference established the of the of from the of the The top of the least this reference than height the highest where it through the roof. E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS effective height HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY COMPONENTS SL3 Spacers FS338 FS339 FS340 SL315 SL330 Flashing RF370 RF371 Sections* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the following: Wear and protection. and the to the to fire. the This fireplace or Follow the instructions the to the clearance the and back of the fireplace assembly. the Protective Hearth Strips Included with hearth These to protection where the fireplace and the hearth each the front of the fireplace. The each other the of the fireplace to coverage of the These should from the front and of the fireplace the the fireplace and front-to-back. with such as sheet as necessary. the fireplace (using the located of the fireplace) to the To of the the fireplace Measure of the to they If they to the fireplace those F. INSTALLATION OF FIREPLACE WARNING! Positioning the Strips
Sections straight section or offset to the top of the fireplace Chimney sections together the top section the the section. The to the of the section below The casing the casing of the section below follow the instructions assembly of the and other to this to fire, too to the fireplace or and the free of cool- Spacers and the the firestop FS338, FS339 and FS340). the with the the the firestop spacer. These firestop spacers to the around the the firestop to to the from the or EXCEPT when the insulated or this the firestop from the top to insulation from the around the spacers whenever the WARNING! CAUTION: E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Assembling Chimney Sections the Firestop
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Insulation insulation shield should when there of insulation with the factory built the the top of the insulation shield This the section the shield. the shield the section where firestop spacer. the shield it the firestop spacer. The firestop the insulation shield. Insulation WARNING! RISK OF FIRE. the the tion and the insulation shield with insulation. the Assembly assembling the sections through the firestop spacers as While of the height and that Chimney each section slightly from the top to the If they connected correctly, they when tested. and outer sections once locked together. to the height with the selected CAUTION: the Chimney offsets and to straight they with the screws (outer only), the To from the sections the and the these to or You the and to the section from the or with sections exceeding offset and to reduce off-center and sections from the of clearance to of the to this clearance fire. WARNING! WARNING!
the of the the where the the to the of the through the to the the the to of the and the required. This measured the the pitch of the and the of the Uniform Building to the section and the the Chimney Sections Through the to sections through the least the Flashing If flashing to used, the flashing to the pitch and round termination following the instructions shipped with the chase installations round termination (TR344), round termination (TR342) or termination (ST375, TS345, or TS345P). chase chase top. Chase tops from Heatilator building chase. the The with this fireplace and its recommended to the of within the It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should least the ground that allow to the The of the fireplace. the cover plate from the of the assembly where the to location/operation. the the follow the instructions with this accessory. E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Ceiling/Attic Construction Location CAUTION: The while burning the fireplace. when operating the
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of the Complete the fireplace allowing and should with the fireplace. clearance of the fireplace and the as as the fireplace back and the to the of the fireplace below the of the front standoffs. such as USG MICORE CV230 Board, or USG DUROCK recommended this using the fireplace the This of combustion products. Provisions both of the fireplace to allow of or with input of incorporating shut-off and complying with the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 The should with the National ANSI Z223.1-1980 The to allow to through. to the and refractory the the insulation to around the where the of the clearance around the of the This fireplace tested the fireplace with heater. To reduce of injury, heater this fireplace it specifically tested and Inc. this fireplace. the heater tested and this factory built fireplace, fire ated that fire. CAUTION: WARNING! Clearance Around CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly. Chimney sections clearance the and section.
Hearth hearth with fireplaces to the front of the from both heat and The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the Seal the hearth and the front of the with of sealant. hearth should constructed with the instructions The field hearth constructed from MICORE CV230, or with insulation Hearth to as illustrated to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the E/EC36 E/EC39 E/EC42 Constructed Hearth E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Factory Hearth WARNING!
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the fireplace front. These should from the fireplace front and both of the fireplace the crack the hearth and fireplace with of Apply finishing of choice to the hearth the Hearth Finishing the of the fireplace! This and fire. You only the of the fireplace. Combustible which of or with plastics, or of and whether or or Noncombustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. Noncombustible which and burn; RTV103 Black (or Rutland, Inc. (or completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the fireplace and facing to to cover the fireplace front. than the top of the fireplace The of Combustible that than from the of the fireplace than from the top of the fireplace Combustible cover the of the This clearance with Section of ANSI/ NFPA211 This tested and with as specified Section C, Please to the with each of instructions.
chase built around the and chase constructed the fireplace and or the only. It commonly constructed recommended that the chase insulated type insulation the Three of chase shown and chase. offset through and chase. Chase G. CONSTRUCTING CHASE Chase Constructions E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The chase constructed the as the of including or constructing the chase, factors considered: around the The chase top constructed of firestop should insulated the the fireplace assembly. This reduces heat through the chase. the of the chase should insulated to the of the as shown This reduce heat from the around the fireplace. Chase Assembly
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chase Top chase of around the Termination the sections through the chase TR344 round termination the top section of the top of the chase to allow of the and termination installations TR342 round termination the section below the top of the chase top, than below the top of the chase top flashing TR344 Round Termination TR342 Round Termination
installations ST375 termination the section than below the chase top. TS345/TS345P Termination the section than below the chase top. the chase top (CT35) to the top of the chase. the termination following the instructions with section or chase The higher of this heat to chase to fire. instructions of the chase top, and with these To of fire, instructions strictly followed, including the of clearance and To the of those to the weather, that the chase top and termination painted with E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS TS345/TS345P Termination WARNING! WARNING! ST375 Termination
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and this instruction to owners. The information to and them about such as the of shelves or the of unauthorized and repairs. Information This fireplace to as heat It to function as heat as as other years. It that caused and operation of the fireplace. that and of the fireplace with these instructions. It that the fire whenever the It recommended that inspection the fireplace to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating This factory built fireplace with (firewood) or that tested and to the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 operating fireplace, the the This fireplace tested and with heater. heater this fireplace and with the the closed the heater specifically tested and this Inc. of heater this factory built fireplace fire that fire. DO NOT this fireplace with the the closed Combustion products the to and to combustion from and overheating to this fireplace with the the asphyxiation or fire. H. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around constructed houses or existing with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the home. allows of the with this option. of combustion recommended to heated within the and to to the properly. This fireplace correctly to allow to the Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located. operation from other burning which or The and operated the the top of the fireplace. lighting the fire, this from the of the this fireplace with the Please or CAUTION:
fireplace with the the the closed. Hearth used. operation. Grate The factory to the from of and to allow to the burning It to the fire off the hearth and to allow the ashes to beneath the fire, thereby of heat protection. Firescreen firescreen to It closed whenever the or firescreens to burning the those specifically tested and with the should used. should closed when the closed. closed while burning firescreens and HOT. with within the clearances to or the and instructions, Clear Near the of CAUTION: WARNING! E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FIREWOOD fireplace performance the of the firewood seasoned of about pound, and than of about than of commonly the of seasoned would about than of seasoned Soft coniferous. These with that year and their of Douglas fir, and Soft to and to than that their the Their usually found within protective or and It should noted that there that such as and to season, and to than The of and the fire with the fire off heat to the to operating and then the heat and burn MOISTURE: of which of burn, the factor that the fireplace operates the amount of the The of the fireplace owners caused trying to unseasoned Freshly as as of around that about pounds. with of the fireplace and to burn This sounds that exactly what unseasoned WARNING! unseasoned ignited fire that serious house fire.
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS SEASONING: Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to it the and increasing the of each tree that year and to as high as when The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow The the the the process. should Cover the top of the protection from and covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and The with burning unseasoned twofold: heat from the of heat to the This wasted that should heating Secondly, this the of which cooling fireplace and with and other from burning which the relatively cool and Starting the to the or the or of to the The fires built the fireplace without of the burning of the fireplace Light the and of of established. establishing the fire and the firewood burning of three of firewood, the such to allow combustion and them. The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to from the fireplace and the refractory and to You the first fires. This the fireplace, and cracking of the refractory. This and the of the If the cracks become enough that the the refractory or the should replaced. gasoline-type charcoal or to or fire this fire- such from the fireplace. with should only with the or closed. If and of the fireplace creating the of both fire and first lighting fireplace, to pre-warm the to establish This holding of burning newspaper the This reduce This fireplace correctly to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located. CAUTION: WARNING!
measured as the The amount of the The because the combustion the and the of the There three establishing and These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS If the fire to and of the or it to establish and high then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating instructions, Starting correctly and that the and height. the following: sections properly and the tightly sealed. The and free of and branches back within of the top of the the and of of or If to increase the of Since the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when factory built or sheets of top of as to the outlet of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors Neighboring high winds, around the that the or usually or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of Ashes Ashes should with tight-fitting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. and Inspect the internally and and seams and mechanical tight. inspection which the formation of slowly, and other which with to The the relatively of slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire. The should inspected least year the heating season to occurred. If should to reduce the of fire. Chimney Cleaning If of or yourself. To this, the following the the fireplace to and from the the termination or housing top. Clean with attached to OR with and or Work and the the clean. the termination or housing top. I. MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTIONS Termination Cleaning fire permanently This only repaired the Chimney fires covered the Warranty and Protection Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as chairs, or other least four from the front of the fireplace. WARNING!
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS HOMEOWNERS NOTES
E36/39/42 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Clearance Ashes, of Insulation Building C Chase Chase Top Chimney Assembling Sections Through the Checking the Assembly Cleaning Through the Height the Chimney Chimney Bracket Chimney Sections Assembling Chimney Building Combustible Construction of the Products Locations Firescreen Firestop Provisions Information Grate Hearth Positioning Wall Corner Insulation the Locations Hearth Strips of Wood Negative Noncombustible Noncombustible Index Overhead Obstructions Positioning Preparation Flashing Seasoning the Shroud Decorative ances Foot Termination Typical UL Uniform Building Unvented Heater Insulation of Seasoning of
AS PART OF ITS YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM (PROGRAM), HEARTH HOME TECHNOLOGIES INC. (HHT) pleased to offer Warranty and covering of Heatilator fireplace the the United States of America or and of HHT authority to warranty or authorize to or with the terms of this Warranty HHT warrants the following of Heatilator fireplace to free from and workmanship the years the firebox assembly, and termination; years refractory firebox and the and warranty from the of of (the The Warranty to the and of below. HHT of years from of HHT with or which their Warranty, of the then such HHT responsibility and charges related to such Conditions, of A. Both the Warranty and Parts HHT apply while the its location of HHT this warranty to from installation, or of the with the and the furnished with the Appliance; which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the such as or forced or other of other than those specified the Instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT and/or of the authorized and HHT writing. This warranty to the or HHT B. the first year of the Warranty, HHT its option, or covered and charge. reasonable and freight the through the fifth of the Warranty HHT free of charge covered freight or related to the of the or the or the fifth of the HHT and forth HHT HHT or caused C. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. D. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights which from to to Service To service this warranty written of the to Heatilator Technical Service Hearth W. Pleasant, You www.heatilator.com/contact.asp. of purchase, and to HHT HHT reasonable opportunity to the including reasonable opportunity to inspect the Appliance to or and the Appliance or of the Appliance from the of HHT to warranty the ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If would information HEATILATOR products or to HEATILATOR WOODBURNING FIREPLACE LIMITED WARRANTY of its 20-YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM Heatilator of Hearth Inc.