These instructions should with the Cinch and Termination instructions included with this Edges Wear protective and installation. The DVP-FBHT firebrick termination with inch Included the DVP-WS shield firestop with heat shield and NOT this termination WALL SHIELD FIRESTOP METAL BACKPLATE DVP-FBHT Printed U.S.A. Copyright Hearth MN 2084-900B DVP-FBHT Termination Instructions CAUTION WARNING finishing allowed ONLY HEAT SHIELD TELESCOPING FLUE SECTION from the the appearance of the termination and and characteristics of the and to expected with this characteristics as chips, cracks, and the performance the inch inch the following the the Cinch and Termination instructions. housewrap or used, the housewrap instructions flashing MUST followed. the shield firestop following the instructions the Cinch and Termination instructions. IN. FIREBRICK BOLT
Hearth responsibility and the warranty by, the following and of of the other than as instructed Hearth and/or of Hearth such action fire the section included with the the section of Impaired performance of section of termination MUST when connecting section to termination inch section of termination the three from the firebrick to the firebrick of the from the backplate the backplate, with the inch the from the thinner to the heat shield the backplate and shield firestop. Impaired Performance of Appliance sections least inches. screws. Screws inch properly NOTE: The heat shield the shield firestop and the heat shield the backplate inches. If thickness allow the inch heat shield heat shield used. WARNING WARNING WARNING the backplate to the with four screws from the Seal the backplate to the housewrap or sheathing. Follow housewrap instructions when the firebrick of the the backplate the inch with the inch from the fireplace. the together the firebrick the backplate. the three DO NOT OVERTIGHTEN THE BOLTS. clearances from this clearances from this
Finishing The DVP-FBHT or painted. The to high and used, light slightly. recommended life. of Water Intrusion or Impaired Performance NOT finishing thicker than inch base. The flashing of backplate MUST top of finishing inch section and shield firestop when thickness. If the firebrick section of the to off the finished, NOT finishing the backplate. the top inch of the backplate covered with finishing Water The flashing the of the backplate MUST clearly top of the the and top of the the with the flashing of to NOT this to the firebrick section of the to surrounding Service DESCRIPTION SERVICE PART NO. Wall Section CAUTION CAUTION CAUTION