SAVE ThESE INSTRUCTIONS USE Please these instructions thoroughly to this NOTICE: If this properly installed, house fire follow the building or fire officials about and inspection IMPORTANT: around chamber and Clean the chamber thoroughly from the top, and with the provided. the to reduce only aged to fire and the warranty. OVERfIRING CAUTION: Repeated or warranty this PLEASE NOTE: Specifications this to with ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with Fountain N. N3H-4R7 The to ULC S-627 UL Professional Services HEARTLAND APPLIANCES INC. WOODSTOVES INSTALLATION AND OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The the thermometer with the reading with thermometer the The
YOUR DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OThER VAPOURS OR LIQUIDS IN ThE VICINITY ThIS STOVE. Location If the located using which blow the top, causing fire the the or the the sealed. or the Grease the of cooking fires. Clean the regularly. to extinguish grease fire with Cover grease fires with or the of the
CONSUMER WARRANTY ENTIRE PRODUCT LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY HEARTLAND warrants the or of of the which to or workmanship. Painted or plated warranty from the of purchase. or repaired the option of Heartland without charge, to the terms and below. The warranty include wear or firebox or TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and connected to and and and to installation, and fire, acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty factory Authorized Service Person. Warranty to the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty cover this readily servicing. This warranty rights. Additional warranty rights areas. such as of or and and normally associated with the responsibility of the or and that of the Company. of this warranty. TO ENSURE PROMPT WARRANTY SERVICE, SEND IN YOUR WARRANTY CARD WIThIN DAYS If further concerning this warranty, Customer Service Heartland Appliances Inc. N. N3H-4R7 PLACE OF PURCHASE______________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE_______________________________ SERIAL NUMBER__________________________________ MODEL NUMBER__________________________________ Telephone1-877-650-5775
Clearances Wall Clearances Wall the Chimney Connector.......................................Pg and Protection...........................................................................................................................Pg. Instructions........................................Pg Lighting the fresh Combustion........................................Pg Trouble Information....................................................Pg TABLE CONTENTS
Acquainted The heating and cooking to with the which operates as heater and cooking with the of the the the the fire and the relationship to the of what trying to accomplish with the These Instructions the reference. The of If the to the with the The of the the and and the of the the performance of the factor the the With the of this learn to effectively heat and cook with to entirely, including the terms of reference and function. to learn the that the performance. The tested and Hersey. The ULC and UL U.S. The burning only. burn other or The homes. the homes. Notice: If properly and house fire follow installation, operation and building officials about and inspection the including house fire.) NOT to or with ductwork. This such installations. NOT or to the fire. NOT burn or such as or CAUTION: while operation. clothing, and burns. becoming with the of the operating them burn of operating the this of the procedures become with the The located plate the right hand of the front of the The rating plate located the back of the
the the and the that the the of the and the top of the intact. which should with the fire the hotplate that seated the and that approximately higher then the top with round. the chamber which should already installed. The chamber screwed to the as this the of the the firebox and and that the reciprocating the to operation. to the sections clearances, protection and actively the installation. heat Heat directed front of the heat other as overheating walls, and of to that the located near overheat. Clearance the and and walls, and If there clearance, then the overheat. It that match the to the clearances specified. to Unit with grouting or sheet front and to the and back. flowing the and heat. the with to CSA B.365-01 or NfPA the USA to to the INSTALLATION The the front of the top-plate casting. the and with the the protecting washers the with the positioning them correctly, and the locating to operation. The and firebox closed when lighting or Clearances to These include newspapers and clothes. of that or to installations. building officials about and inspection Warning
Heartland Appliances Inc. North, ON, N3H 4R7 to Heartland Appliances the right to specifications without Please Heartland the to information, as it to purchased, or Preparation Specifications from www.heartlandapp.com. How-to Information only. clearances to or State building and fire Clearances without with building inspector. properly and/or house fire Clearances Wall of to inches/ Right of to inches/ Rear clearance to inches/ Corner clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/ Wall of to inches/ Right of to inches/ Rear clearance to inches/ Corner clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/ Combustible Please building inspector of what Warning or Combustible newspapers, and clothes. Protection Unit with grouting or front and to the and back of the hearth MUST to the clearances than these ARTISAN REQUIREMENTS heartland How-to Information only. clearances to or State building and fire Clear- ances without with building inspector. Improperly and/or house fire. Chimney Connector and Wall and to the following ULC S629 U.S.: UL HT Clearance of to that located overheat. Clearances specified to as build- spacing. Please with or to accordingly to with these areas). States fresh supply to or thorities to through walls. insulated through to CSA B365 and NFPA U.S.) as Chimney should and inspection and cleaning through Chimney securely tached to the and sections attached together. connected to ChIMNEY CONNECTOR REQUIREMENTS
Clearances to Wall Chimney Connector the reference only, showing rough-in installations, or clearances to each other. The clearance with the to Non hearth inches to the and back of the inches to the front and inches to the front U.S. Hearth to the clearances that than these Rough
Clearances to Listed Wall Chimney Connector the intsallation. reference only, showing rough-in installations, or clearances to each other. The clearance with the to Non hearth inches to the and back of the inches to the front and inches to the front U.S. Hearth to the clearances that than these Rough
the Chimney Connector The single-wall or and double-wall that the to the clearances to what type of the clearances section of this the clearances. The only Follow the installation. that to the inspected installations MUST with The Heartland the to the top of the or the back of the To the back of the plate from of the the of the insulation plate from top of screw and screw and and screw of the and the the the securely tight seal.Tighten tightly sealed. slightly upwards of foot This to allow to back the tight and of three screws. should the than or The should of or thicker and should The section of the from the should screwed to the of the with least screws. sections of the screwed together with least three screws. The section should securely attached to the there the The of sections should the that or that from the of the clean or the of should than inches. of to should than the through If this follow the CSA B365 and NFPA the U.S., Wall Pass-Throughs. as through The whole should exposed and inspection and cleaning. should used. exposed to the reached and release toxic of should foot from the the fire, the violently. The securely attached to the and and sections securely attached together. This to connected to
Chimney and The the of operation. The the the that combustion and and to or existing as to the as to the that or The to or should and of to this Recommended Chimney Clearances The least the of the least the where it through the least anything within of the top of the showing heights required, the of Chimney Chimneys build-up.Until with the of build-up the often of the of to the of coating that the and that or of the following fires should thickness. should thickness Protection the to the from that when reloading. The with grouting or should top of front of the and front of US. to the and back of the to the using and back from thick with thermal conductivity factor K of or of To thickness of (K thickness (K obtained from of of It to the as this to the capacity. that or to pulled the
WARNING: the to this It recommended to the heatproof when the to the combustion within the firebox obtained when the The of burning the manually operated the that they from to properly to fire. Chimney fires when the of the These byproduct of fire of (or the of the With Instructions with Woodburning The firewood to operation. You the performance and efficiency burning firewood that and from least improperly seasoned or leading to performance, fires and build-up of of fire and to of the the warranty. because: to higher efficiency; and heat the fire as firebox firebox Secondary Cleaning Grate Chamber Chamber
OVEN DOOR OPERATION To the the slightly to the catch from the locking and the To the Gently the the catch with the locking fIRE DOOR OPERATION CAUTION- ThESE DOORS ARE EXTREMELY DURING OPERATION. USE ThE UTENSIL PROVIDED TO OPEN AND CLOSE ThE DOORS Below). the to allow the to clear of To the the to release screw counterclockwise. Screw back off enough to to without first To the both tight and to both release screws clockwise. both tight that to the fire through the fire the fire Lighting the fire the free of firebox and from off cleaning the cleaning and wheel and chamber of and top of and light from It to firebox seconds to the fire. and with wheel and firebox The secondary normally with this With fire established, firebox and with the chamber back to the which the burning the wheel to the
The firebox should to the recommended the of the firebox correctly fire of hours burning when the rated of the with cooking included. Once completed, the firebox immediately and Restriction Plates with three plates the These should operation to the amount of the firebox. They should to clean the and to the the of the cleaning. NOTE: Should the de-ashing to clear of and as the section of ash. the to to the which this as as three weather severity. NOTE: allow to the touches the of the or they the otherwise the and completely. Cleaning of Grate to of and other to through the Allow the fire to and then the off the cleaning and to offending cleaning The amount of the heating and should build-up. build-up to heating and reduction of the of the Plate The obtained machined cookware. The of the immediately the fire, the other The the hotplate the chamber cleaning and the hotplate clean with Continuous of the with the hotplate covers of the hotplate and the covers. NOTE: To hotplate performance or hotplate the firebox to the of the firebox to WARNING: The top around the hotplate become and Please to the instructions clearances to and
fire SMOKE/SMELL EMITTED DURING INITIAL USAGE of the coated with light covering of protective of the this to and and with the therefore to and or to allow the to the The firebox of of and firebrick Both or thermal shock. should the first fires. this to the and firebrick and thermal shock caused fires. Direction of Flueway Chamber The chamber The it closed, the to the heat. The the chamber to the to from closed to the the to the that found to the with to increase the chamber to This of the heat wasted the The chamber the front cleaning to the flueway. The to operated with this This and inspect monthly and and fire least hours. NOTE: of the type with and
flueway Cleaning WARNING: HOT SURFACES, the to this It recommended to the heatproof when the to the Following prolonged shutdown of the the the flueway from obstruction to re-lighting. Prolonged formation flueways becoming and to the release of the to flueways, and to of and performance from Flueway Allow the fire to the chamber to its and the chamber the or from the allowing it to the top of the the hotplate and the them the firebox. NOTE: The and to firing and chamber should to of through the and Cleaning blemishes caused the to when the cool, and cloth usually that necessary. This should while the cleaner, or cleaners containing IMPORTANT NOTE: Clean with or and cloth. These cleaners and including the hand-rails and their The covers should cleaned with NON-ABRASIVE with free) cloth and lightly polished with free) or to back to its To Grate Allow fire to first then the and off the cleaning with and then each to NOTE: There of assembled and the should 'Replaced' firebrick firebricks should as as temporarily repaired with The firebricks to the Heartland of first and the and correctly reasonable life. They however, items and renewal. or from Heartland the The which found to the should with the Heartland
Servicing service/heating when servicing required. only authorised unauthorised Warning Properly and operated, this from de-ashing and tolerated. If then the following action should and to the fire or from cooker. or and required. to relight fire of identified, and necessary, professional to the of freshly seasoning only about of the weight the heated the firebox, this off, heat the the heat consumed. That why and while and burns easily. Combustion (or the heats the of to The and that the the high enough and the burns, the bright that characteristic of fire. If the burn, the or the as Charcoal: the fire and top firebricks top firebricks firebricks Grate Please Heartland information. fresh fresh to instead of to the fire. combustion its If tight and insulated, the fire the of fire, and back the heating season, (which than the fire to from and build-up.Please authorized Heartland to purchase this option. of the charcoal Charcoal and burns with or Charcoal that burns easily and cleanly when enough the of the burn, about the of and charcoal.
of serious fire permanently the and of Repeated the warranty of this To If the the fire, the of Normal approximately W.C. NOTE: to thermometer the top of the or thermometer the To the the should 800F and 900F each burning the lighting with the the tightly operation. allow through the firebox, causing emptying ashes, clean thoroughly the to allow Clean to fire fire and "What to fire" operation, of the or to the and completely and restored. If burnings, action.
Chimneys and The performance of the than other The the the that combustion and and to as to the as to the that Chimneys Work It known that This and the to function. The from the lighter than the This the to the they created the the through to this The force caused the created the the the and the Greater factors That Effect There factors that with and or of these features. It usually of that to function properly. the factors that influence Cold that the of house and three cold. This that the their heat to the they cool, they their and reduced. Insulation the and the to reduce the heat that within the house that than the of the allow to too slowly. This the to cool and their the reason that Trouble Shooting fireplace through to poorly. Ideally, the should the internal as the of the Chimney height to that the top of the should least higher than the highest which the and higher than or within of (three These the allowable height. Chimneys higher than this often performance reasons. located the of single-storey house or enough to though the the building of to that the top of the should least higher than the which the cookstove Negative the House The force that influenced the house. acts as combustion from the house. typical house other clothes or fireplace, or or of these other the that the combustion. This supply fire to or to when its Chimneys often this type of performance. houses the houses warmer and, therefore, than the The the house to creating slightly the and slightly higher This the with to or located there. ChECKING AN EXISTING ChIMNEY existing to cookstove, thorough inspection should to its The inspection should professional of the factors that considered. or
the of existing should including crumbling and cracks the the top of the and flashings the The should cracks and It least existing factory-built inspection. cookstove should connected to factory-built to ULC S629 and UL 103HT the U.S with include or caused the heat of fire, of the outer shell, and of of the that the insulation should with which and What To If You the combustion the the fire immediately. to everyone of the house the fire and to that ashes shingles. Watch near the that catch fire and burn. the fire its and the cooled, the thoroughly inspected to to inspect and clean the often to another fire.
If tight and insulated, the If or or office hours from to of www.heartlandapp. or and to to that the Heartland fresh then this what fresh #RN000 please or Heartland Appliances or