and Instructions Top Convection Clean Top Convection Clean Please these instructions thoroughly attempting to this The thermometer It aesthetics only and nonfunctional. AGA MARVEL E. MI ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with these instructions CERTIFIED CERTIFIED CERTIFIED NOTE: Clock or function! WARNING: installation, service or or property to this or information, agency, Please these instructions thoroughly attempting to this to follow instructions costly service C US C US C US CERTIFIED C US
To service or cleaning WARNING base. only. Disconnect front and to to rear. To these instructions. FOR YOUR SAFETY DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPOURS OR LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS APPLIANCE. the as heater. heat or the the of the sheets or directly the the its lowest cover the of the with Allow least of around WARNING ALL RANGES CAN TIP INJURY TO PERSONS COULD RESULT SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where WARNING: If the information this causing property or death. and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch; phone Immediately from neighbours Follow the instructions. If reach the and service
Convection Clean CONSUMER WARRANTY ENTIRE PRODUCT LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY AGA MARVEL warrants the or of of this which to of purchase. repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, to the and below. of purchase. OVEN WARMING DRAWER ELEMENTS LIMITED SECOND THROUGH THIRD YEAR WARRANTY HEARTLAND warrants the heating or workmanship years. These repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, and to the and below. TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and connected to and service. acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty factory authorized service Warranty to the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty this readily servicing. areas. such as of or normally associated with the of the or and that of the Company.. If the the service of or the of the or the of borne the [owner]. TO ENSURE PROMPT WARRANTY SERVICE, SEND IN YOUR WARRANTY CARD WITHIN DAYS OF PURCHASE. If further concerning this warranty, PLACE OF PURCHASE______________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE_______________________________ SERIAL NUMBER__________________________________ MODEL NUMBER__________________________________ Customer Service AGA MARVEL E. MI Telephone
Assembly and Assembly Positioning the Clearances Instructions Clean Instructions and with (Warming Clock Top Warming to Select Clock Function of Convection Meat Roasting Poultry Roasting TABLE OF CONTENTS Cleaning Warming Cleaning Clean Cleaning to Clean Clean Clean Convection Cleaning Light Supports Warming The Trouble Shooting Thermostat If Trouble Shooting Conversion Information Conversion
inform immediately! to please wear and while Unscrew the screws that the the There the and the top. the screws the the and Next with of the that the the the boards that where the and the and You ready to the from the each the and the the and back! each and the and the the back! the around the and the Both and of The and The assembly: Phillips/Robertson Screwdriver wrench or wrench too Assembly and To it that this thoroughly. when the the when with and
Washer screw Plated) when with the closet, the top heavy hand to installation. -With assembly from that circled.(See the assembly the carton,while the the off the and each assembly the of the DO NOT REST CLOSET CORNER BRACKETS ON GLASS, to to top. the (foot) of the with the the top,while the closet, the to the top with screws -To the splashback to the of with the screws and washers. sheet screws and washers. To or screw screw screw washer Bracket off and STOVE TOP
If the to the of with screws. If the with screws. to the of to the and Deflector of screw
the thing to to the to the The located the rear of the the cover. the screw the to the back of the and the cover. the from the which located the cover. of of Screw the the with force the or or back and to back with and screw. cover with screw. the functions of the (fan,light, clock, and that ALL screws completeing the installation. CONNECTING POWER TO THE CABINET cover Locations and and
Positioning the the assembled, the and the back of the that and tightened. to AGA the right to tions without Please AGA the to information, as to purchased, or Preparation Specifications from www.heartlandapp.com. both the and the clear of Don't to the instructions. wrench the screw clockwise to the corner, and counter- the perfectly or of to the teflon of each to the the when the cleaning or servicing. Clearances If the that there least of the than from should If there existing least of clearance. cooking should This with top of the cooking and the If required, the screws or of the "Positioning the Rough with cresting without cresting Location mounting Rough shown to cook to cook top-right to cook top to top to of top to of of overhead of counters height of counters Rear clearance The clearances the stated the rating plate located back of Clearances" of NPT clearance to counter AGA MARVEL Clearances with clearance to the with Clearances Clearance Clearance
with that directly to the or from or directly from Heartland Appliances Inc. Please the closet. of Ducting through the directly the outlet From of the house, from the to the that length, to the back of and around where through and Complete following through to If the the the as shown the or through the with with around and or Complete following Installation. options
Installation, and to screwdriver Measuring OR Required: to through or to as required. or to around screws The and or heating NOTE included with the with and which to The should cavity or where of the completed, the and that there obstructions the NPT Cord
PROPER INSTALLATIONBE SURE YOUR APPLIANCE IS PROPERLY INSTALLED AND GROUNDED BY QUALIFIED TECHNICIAN. the the location of the or reference. or heating the its as this Children should or where the Children should allowed to or of the allow to with or of the or the with and burns. or closet. potholdersmoist or potholders burns from potholder heating or other cloth of potholder. heating or of heating though they of become enough to burns. Other of the become enough to burnsamong these and these when or or food. heat food containersbuildup of to burst and of racksalways location while cool. If while potholder heating Instructions
items of to children the or top of closet. Children to reach items seriously Warming items the items there the turned Clean Instructions the instructions below and the instructions to heating or of heating though they of become enough to burns. Other of the become enough to burnsamong these and these and cookware from the and should from the and the become the protective coating. and food from of while self-cleaning NOT RECOMMENDED. from the This includes or and with that become heated and from the This includes or and with that become heated and DO NOT clean the The should to or the cleaning the off. The switch off the the (The light off when the closed.)
The cooking located the right of the ease and cooking and Sealed BTU (L/P 7,000BTU)with of BTU sealed ,easy clean, cooking front sealed BTU )(L/P 9,000BTU) with of BTU and BTU (L/P BTU) with of BTU C Right only) front sealed BTU (L/P 9,000BTU) with of BTU and BTU (L/P 7,000BTU)with of BTU easy clean. and which to to the With Clean latching to the right to the the to cooking or to G) Convection of high clean Heartland Heartland Heartland shown) C and
Warming H) Located the easy access. foot I) Thermostatic located right and the only) and trays. within easy access. Clock The and the and Warming With and and cooking features. Switch the overhead light the Switch Switch high when and to TIMER Please Warming affected STOP
The of the the following graphic the right of the Rear Right Rear Right Warming Light Light Rear Rear Right Rear Right Warming Light Light
Top Lighting the Top with that electrically operated. You only to and the to and the light. the hear clicking the lights, the clicking lighting the that to to the lighting (HI) to (MED HI) fry, amount of food. (MED) and brown; amount of food. (MED LOW) MAX; cook with covered (LOW) Steam of foods. or other cooking or other cooking from the To this directly top of To please the Heartland with purchased from or directly from Heartland. OPERATION Top
If cook the top of Heartland however, following these to the top and clothing clear of the Manually Lighting the Top to the head. and the to the Please that the function without electricity, therefore to while interrupted! lighting top manually, to the to the Top
Warming and the from 130F to 220F. (54C to 104C). the the the reached, then and off to breads, as as plates HIGH. The features located the top of the the to the the retained the If to the right then to allowing ity to To To things or dough LOW with closed. Please the as Items there the activated. Warming cleaning "Warming Closed Heartlan Heartlan Heartland light located right and below High
Warming light light To and the counter clockwise to selected, the light the lights and the The then and off to the Please please allow to on/off food 290C.) with To (top turn to selected, the light, lights To the to which the to If turned the "BROIL" Turn back to
You the and and clean with and and and with and Clean with and that the clock, clock or function! section Turn to 500F (260C) to off the insulation. There and which to The light when the and when the closed. the then the when the and when the closed. The or the should OFF. of to (65C to 290C). The Light reaches the high of heating then off and The of the high and of the heating and the industry. and recommended and roasting and Clean the when as the interlock high and to the locking and and the to cooking accordingly. Then, when with as expected based previous cavity from to and cooking slightly. Therefore, to with and cooking necessary.
How to Select To the to 150F to 500F (65C AND 290C). selected, the lights and the preheat the approximately the and off to 500F (290C) as this the and top To (top to selected, the lights At this the and To the to which the to the as or burn. Convection when the switch the to this the activated. The operated three installed, otherwise, to properly the Convection the and then cti o "Convection Convection the and below the switch. The to closed while Convection please to food as or burn. Convection Drying "OFF" and "below the switch. The activated and ready to or when the switch to this and the and the then when the selected reached.
CLOCK/ TIMER operation Duration of or S/C of NOTE: Clock or function! To the of and AUTO Press and the AUTO You seconds to the to the Press and to to or to the of (the clock based Once the of the clock and the ready to of the" and buttons and then or buttons. To (the when Press the the the and buttons. The activates seconds the buttons released, and to of the reached the sound, To TIMER or S/C STOP STOP off
To operation: Press Press and to Then and the to of only) To If the switch the below the Press the the and to the of the to operation. (The and The off the the and to the of the the to off. seconds the to of The "AUTO" light showing the operation, and the off, indicating the off the activates the to cooking The the subtracting the cook from the of the to off. the the light showing that the operation. the the "AUTO off indicating the off and the sound The "AUTO" The sound the the and the the off To the the o o it o to to of The the STOP
Convection Convection Convection shows heat from the heat around the food, the cooking process. when selecting otherwise properly. Convection This the heat of You choose this of cooking and with to preheat the roasting cooking the of the To of meat thermometer and and when used. Heat shows heat radiated from the the cooking process. Convection conveying. the back of the the cooking foods from The food therefore to cook foods the or reduce the F/15 C and cook approximately or as indicated cooking and With cooking cook than and Occasionally cooking to than the others. You cook the as as choose items that cook the as there the shelf as to that directly the other and least of the directly front of the back of as this the Please cooking high foods the the steam/condensation the of the This of cooking both and heat, and to where high heat and around the meat, instead of around the meat. the optional roasting and the of meat or the roasting This allows the to around the the roasting or with high as around the food. meat thermometer the thickest of the bones to This of cooking to high heat of to to the Usually to the of food, such as and meat the to the of the to reduce and the third or fourth the food and Please food or burning to cooking chart
This chart only, as such as and the cooking or should of and Meat Roasting of or Roasts Round Roasts or Crown Shoulder pre-cooked Shoulder Roasts Poultry Roasting Breast or Whole, or Convection Roasting F C F C or Convection F C F` C Preferences preheat- reading the thermometer another and If reads than the Meat to cook from Allow meat to about carving. Convection back of and the roasting the to cooking cook often reduced to items meat should shortly the cooking Recommended to with with roasts roasting Preferences preheating or roasting roasting to with meat thermometer the thigh touching the bone) to reading another Poultry to cook from Allow to carving. Convection roasting the to cooking often reduced to items shortly the cooking Positioning
This chart only, as such as and the cooking or should of and of Thickness inch Ground inch Chops or inch Chops or inch Chicken clear Breasts Whole or become when the Children should or Convection Breads Yeast Loaf Not Yeast or or or or Not or or Tea or or or Not Food Not or or Shells without or Not initially Initially with or or or or or inch Convection ONLY Convection F C F C then lowering to: then lowering to: Preferences grease Allow the to preheat allowing to thaw the around the of the meat about inch, to curling. meat the the and supplied.They to allow to the reducing while the food If the with and the covered with to the to the and the to to the the to allowjuices and to the meat of third or fourth to about inches below the top The the meat to the the the browns. meat, preheat the and the meat as to the as The further the placed, the the and the the meat amount of the reduce the and from Turn meat with tongs, as to meat and closed Preferences preheating to and and heat the and If sheets to heat with too completely cooked. recommended. Food recommended with or cakes. using insulated sheets, items to cook. Convection Generally or covering recommended which covered through the cooking to or reduce they and to cake or toothpick to that cooked. cookies, and or with This that the evenly. cooked once, to cook.
and Painted it clean The and painted serviceable and to clean, withstand rough or of and cracking. To or and cloth. cleaners. If based food or such as or the once to coating Warming Cleaning Oven/Warming clean) and free of of grease or which This the cleaning the or turned and cool. with of then with cloth and food or grease the apply cleaning compound. or of the or plated should or racks, bottoms, and easy cleaning. The cleaning instructions). cleaned with cloth and If remained the cleaning with Clean Cleaning the of the clock the instructions below and the instructions to the completed, the of the cavity areas, this and the or performance of the cookware from the that the If they the the become and rough cleaning, the protective the with of with the ease of the and items from the as the and the This includes with that become overheated and and Cleaning
and food from heavy the Clean front (A) and the of the (B) with cloth. These the cleaning and become DO NOT cleaner, or DO NOT the DO NOT while self-cleaning. DO NOT the The switch turned off the the (The light off when the closed). front
"P and "AUTO lights when activated. to clean to Clean o o o o o light to hours heavy the instructions followed. the the to the right. B). The clock P1.30 which hour thirty of and AUTO light indicating the active. Press the clock. the Press and to to hour hours recommended cleaning. TIMER STOP to to hours to increase
Turn the thermostat clockwise C). the and the At the of the the off and the clock P0.00 and the AUTO alternately. Turn the thermostat to The clock Thermostat of to to The interlock active the cooled to You to the this cool Please to while locked, or to locking the released the too to to burns. DANGER :If amount of of the something the or the Turn off the thermostat Allow the to cool and when or to burns. turning the thermostat back to Unlatch the latch. the active the cooled to to force Clean To TIME DELAY the the to the right. B). The clock P1.30 which hour thirty of and AUTO light indicating the active. Press the clock. the Press and to to hour hours recommended cleaning. Next, the STOP button, the to the of Clean C
the or to the of the the to off. seconds the to the "AUTO" and the off showing the operation and active. Turn the thermostat to the C, previous the and the the the light showing that the operation and the the of the P0.00 and the AUTO alternately. Thermostat off to to The interlock active the cooled (approximately hour) You to the this cool Please to while or to the locking the released the too to to burns. cloth. DANGER amount of of the because something the or the Turn off the thermostat Allow the to cool and when or to burns. To clean: Turn the thermostat to the
Plated plated cleaned with and (such as or and cloth. If based food or such as or the once to from or directly from Heartland Appliances. Please four or to freight and charges. instructions and cleaned as with and Please off to when cleaning the Convection and washed and or washed washer. To to to Convection Broil/Roasting only.
Top other than to off the head of each If the easily cleaned with There or screws to The to the and clean. replacing, the securely the base. or cleaning of light the with cloth. heavy cleaningcooked with and type of cleaner. thoroughly every cleaning operation. and Light the the or light the and cool. light counter clockwise, the then easily. the with cloth to If light should to or the from the touching the the only or cleaning the with cloth. WARNING! or the or of this as
The with that when correctly the completely of the when or food. To the the and the the the the to the back the off the of the Then slightly to the with the To the Supports o o o o o o o instructions then the of the to and
of At to the thorough cleaning of the of the easy: and the catches to the of the below). the catch securely hinged. With each of the the slightly, and The about LBS please when the To the this Please and that to catches. closing please inspect catches to that they completely from or WARNING! or the or of this as catch the slightly the catch securely hinged and
Warming These with below the They thermostat, which the right the front. ON, light the the that the to (the off and the To the the the of the attached to the the each of the and straight To the the back the and the the as The The allows the of cooking grease the Both the and should when If the of the the of to and there chance that the and Grease the and to and
SETUP AND TROUBLESHOOTING installed. You should the following: First to there and which easily the If each with and that the operating properly lighting each of the Turn the and turning counter clockwise. them and high If everything cooking with If to the shooting
To and money service, this If You to yourself. this to and then follow the completely the The house tripped or the switch The from the properly or completely of The If AUTO then function the The high activated, The high located the of the and located the the right the front and back the Food properly properly. incorrect. Necessary preheating Food roasting properly correctly. incorrect. Roasting too cookware used. when to browning. Food properly properly. The cookware used. Too the incorrect. light that light switch The light switch located the of the (to inspect: as instructions). Light or tripped or completely the The house tripped. Thermostat thermostats, from the factory and and of to the factory and to than the which replaced. than performance, preheat which increases from to If Heartland from or Heartland required, warranty service, please or AGA and of purchase information ready. Technical NOTE: Service should
If If the perfectly tight, and therefore found with the the the user to serious burns. FINDING GAS LEAK IS NOT DO IT YOURSELF PROCEDURE. IF YOU SMELL GAS, TURN OFF THE SUPPLY OF GAS TO THE RANGE AND CALL YOUR SERVICEMAN. If other follow this four-step then Trouble Shooting Chart below. the to operation. the the the the to the which the to used, or If and correct, the chart which follows to the and/or malfunctioning Trouble Shooting Chart A. when to with turned to light. when or turned to light. when turned off. that turned lighted One or lighted Trouble Shooting to switch Reignition switch grounded or high to from base. Disconnected switch or switch lead. High or and H.V.. Defective Ground/Earth to disconnected or chassis properly connected to ground/earth ground/earth or through third of combined with supply polarity. or cooking too and to high wires or pinches the wires; tight, high The rotating the its the to the base. switch and wires of necessary. ground/earth of chassis and ground/earth to plate directly top of Heartland Appliances with
Conversion and Information Converting to (NAT) or (LP) Normally, and from the factory or they converted the and them. correctly. that the supply off proceeding with the This Technician. Conversion This with It located the of the counter clockwise to The LP the of the hollow and NAT the of the below). The to outward. to (LP) then the LP should the with the facing and clockwise to screwdriver or and the counter clockwise to NAT the of the LP the hollow of the
the the top 1)To the base, the the included screw to the the the to the clockwise motion. proceeding with each the Follow the the the of the the the with the to The supply should turned this the only, the cover Turn the and to to. the Turn the screw clock to counter clock to increase to top to the completed the screwdiver location of numbered shown matches with with the supplied. to LP to the
Clean H-976
Chart TO ENSURE THE CORRECT COLOUR MATCH WHEN ORDERING COLORED PANELS, BOTH THE COLOR AND SERIAL NUMBER MUST BE PROVIDED. Thermometer (Non Functional) Heartland Right Bracket Bracket Right Corner Corner Right Cresting Corner Cresting Corner LP/NAT Combination Top Combination Top Plate shown) Plate shown) and Instruction Light Warming Light Blower Switch Light Switch Light shown) Blower and 5UF Blower Assembly Grate (1200MM Lead) (900MM Lead) (600MM Lead) Light Housing Light Assembly w/light clean) Rear Black Oven/Warming (specify Cresting Splashback (specify Switch (s/c Warming Warming D New Warming Warming Warming Warming Blower Mounting New Right New Splash back Cresting Rear Black H-695 shown) Please from or from AGA MARVEL Telephone and instruction.Call and the
four four LATTENTION DE LINSTALLATEUR instructions thermomtre #5716Q.0 AGA MARVEL E. MI INSTRUCTIONS DINSTALLATION ET DUTILISATION POUR LES MODLES instructions four installation, service linformation agence service, instructions instructions fonction CERTIFIED
service AVERTISSEMENT base. base. protection protection NE PAS ENTREPOSER DESSENCE OU DAUTRES VAPEURS OU LIQUIDES INFLAMMABLES PROXIMIT DE CET APPAREIL. four. four four. four tout four POUR VOTRE SCURIT AVERTISSEMENT TOUTES LES CUISINIRES PEUVENT BASCULER. DES BLESSURES POURRAIENT EN RESULTER. VOIR LES INSTRUCTIONS INSTALLATION. fournis tout tout toucher agence
GARANTIE LIMITE D'UN AN POUR LE PRODUIT ENTIER tion toutes fabrication, four LMENTS DU FOUR ET DU TIROIR CHAUFFE-PLAT GARANTIE LIMITE POUR LA DEUXIME ET LA TROISIME ANNES HEARTLAND four tout Heartland, CONDITIONS instructions fournis Heartland service location obligations service Heartland service service fin service. services publics Heartland Appliances Inc. service, POUR ASSURER UN PROMPT SERVICE SOUS GARANTIE, VEUILLEZ ENVOYER VOTRE CARTE DE GARANTIE DANS LES JOURS DE LACHAT. LIEU D'ACHAT DATE D'ACHAT NUMRO DE SRIE NUMRO DE MODLE____________________________ four GARANTIE DU CONSOMMATEUR Service AGA MARVEL E. MI
instructions four four Tableau tableau Commande four four four TABLE DES MATIRES four four four (four four four Thermostat Conversion Conversion
Nota protection planches fiche Teflon plancher (cf. plancher plancher. base! Teflon
tection trous DESSUS DE CUISINIRE
RACCORDEMENT DE LALIMENTATION SUR LA CUISINIRE chose brancher fiche fiches fiche fiches boucle toutes TOUTES broches
o o o o o to AGA the right to tions without Please AGA the to information, as to purchased, or Preparation Specifications from www.heartlandapp.com. plancher plancher. instructions tourner o o o o o o o tomber plancher plancher. plancher. four. Rough with cresting without cresting Location mounting Rough of NPT clearance to counter AGA MARVEL with clearance to the back with tableau
Un inclus Heartland Appliances Inc. section section chapeau chapeau section
o OU Chapeau Directives Tous obstruction NPT four
INSTALLATION CORRECTE ASSUREZ-VOUS QUE VOTRE CUISINERE EST INSTALLE CORRECTEMENT ET MISE LA TERRE PAR UN TECHNICIEN QUALIFI. toute toute Service o tio o o four, toucher torchon toute infammable chauffe-plat instructions
four toucher four four toucher four four four four four toucher four four, instructions four four four four four. four. four four. four tous IL NEST PAS RECOMMAND four four tout tout tout tout NE NETTOYEZ PAS bouger four four
BTU (PL BTU) BTU BTU (PL BTU) BTU BTU (PL BTU) BTU C BTU (PL BTU BTU BTU) BTU offrent Tous four Commande four four G) four chauffe-plat H) four I) Commande four Tableau Heartland Heartland Heartland C
Tableau tableau chauffe-plat K) Un L) Un commander four M) Un Tableau
boutons tableau bouton. Tableau boutons four Tableau boutons four
bouton tous Tous (LEV) (MOYEN-LEV) (MOYEN) (MOYEN-FAIBLE) LEV; (FAIBLE) service tout Heartland, Heartland.
Heartland. Nous recommandons bouton bouton
o o o 130F 220F. 54C 104C) conserver Commande Commande On section Heartland
Commande four four four four, four o o o o o four four four. four four. (65C four four o o o o o o o o o o o o o o Commande
four four four four tous four section four F C) four four four four four four o o o o four four 150F 550F (65C 290C). four four 30F four four, four inclusivement four Un four o o o o four
four ordinaire four, four 150F 500F (65C 290C). four four 500F (290C), ordinaire fond). sallume. four four four, four four Convection four Nota four four, four four four, four four, four sactivera four
HORLOGE MINUTERIE cloche four four AUTO Appuyer boutons activer AUTO Appuyer relcher AUTO On boutons boutons Appuyer bouton boutons boutons STOP TIMER four AUTO"
bouton Appuyer bouton Appuyer bouton (four activer tableau Appuyer bouton four. boutons four. boutons four four marche appuyer bouton Appuyer boutons four AUTO o o o four four sallume, four marche. AUTO four distincts. AUTO bouton four bouton four. appuyer bouton appuyer bouton STOP
four ordinaire four ordinaire Convection four ordinaire tous fours Toutefois, fonction thermomtre Circulation four sallumer Convection four, tous 25F/15C tous recommandons s, tourner four, bords, thermomtre o o o meringues, four age
tableau affecter four ordinaire BUF VEAU PORC JAMBON AGNEAU itr ,to four ordinaire Chapon F C F C F C F C four thermomtre, four. tous four thermomtre toucher thermomtre four. four four
Ground four or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or fourchette fourchette SEULEMENT F C F C initially initially then to then to then then inch inch inch inch inch four four four finis fond, four isothermes, four capuchons four, tableau affecter (fourni) four four fourchette four
tomate, taches. four four four, four four, four actif. four four four, four On tous o o four instructions instructions relatives marche. four tous four four, toucher, tout
tous four. (A) four (B) four four fours four four four
"P "AUTO Appuyer boutom four activer On instructions four P1.30 AUTO Appuyer bouton bouton On recommande TIMER STOP tableau Appuyer
Tourner bouton thermostat C). four four four P0.00 AUTO o o o o o four. four four four four four DANGER four, chose four bouton thermostat four. four tout On tout bouton thermostat four four force. DIFFER o o o o o o B) P1.30 AUTO C
bouton bouton bouton On recommande Appuyer bouton bouton four AUTO four marche active. Tourner bouton thermostat four C four four four P0.00 AUTO o o o o o o o four four four four four four DANGER four, chose four bouton thermostat four. four tout o o o o o STOP
tomate fournis On On tous Heartland Appliances. commander instructions sy On four four refroidis. four On toucher four four,
chapeau boulons four four refroidis. four On tableau toucher four four, AVERTISSEMENT! sappuyer,
four four four tout four senclenchent four Supports senclencher four tout Dabord,
four four four. four AVERTISSEMENT sappuyer four
four thermostat tableau tout refermeront chauffe-plat
bouton four tout RGLAGE ET GUIDE DE DPANNAGE
recommandations four fiche fiche AUTO marche. Appuyer bouton four tableau four On four. four four. instructions fond. fiche Thermostat four thermostat four four four. thermostat four four. Un affectera performance Heartland Heartland Appliance Inc. Heartland 240V Consommation Consommation NOTA
TROUVER UNE FUITE DE GAZ NEST PAS UNE TCHE DE BRICOLEUR QUE VOUS DEVRIEZ ENTRE-PRENDRE VOUS-MME. SIL UNE ODEUR DE GAZ, FERMEZ LALIMENTATION DE GAZ LA CUISINIRE ET APPELEZ VOTRE AGENT DE SERVICE. tous tableau TABLEAU DE DPANNAGE A. tout bouton boutons tous boutons Tous marche Un bouton interrompu borne HT Un branche HT HT HT manchon Heartland Appliances
informations Conversion (NAT) (LP) Heartland. orifices, tableau Attention! Conversion capuchon tournevis capuchon "LP" and "NAT" (LP), "LP" capuchon capuchon capuchon "NAT" capuchon "LP" capuchon
Conversion capuchon inclus (Son tournevis SENS ANTIHORAIRE torche orifices, bouton cache plate (inclus horaire capuchon boutons tous tournevis fourni. Tournevis (LP) (NAT)
H-976
Supports four Thermomtre four Heartland Coin Coin Coin Coin LP/NAT Table Table rouge four, rouge four four Grate (1200MM Lead) (900MM Lead) (600MM Lead) Assemblage four four (four four four four four four four D four H692 AGA MARVEL: