INSTALLATION OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS installation, service or or property to this or information, service agency or the TRADITIONAL WOODBURNING FIREPLACE arrow found the WARNING
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS DESIGN AND INSTALLATION CONSIDERATIONS selecting location fireplace, to of that allow to properly. This from fireplace, as as other combustion to incorrectly. Tightly sealed efficiency. Unfortunately, of directed to while to of the (insulated ceilings). This increased the Effect, that increases the the This directly the performance of fireplace To the that ductwork the sealed airtight. the of recessed light the insulated and sealed recessed light Finally, the whole house and tightly sealed. These that the and of the If to fireplace that that the fireplace to to and Since fireplaces sealed, they affected the that Finally, fireplaces when their termination) located the of the when cathedral Chimneys that located the of the what known as and as as that located the of the The reason this that the the height of the the house the the If to location where the termination located the of such as the of cathedral that fireplace. This the homeowner that operates correctly. These factory-built fireplace. They fireplace as as to improperly. this of with the of fireplace once completed.
This fireplace tested and with UL and Inc. and operation the United States as this This fireplace tested and with the optional These optional purchased and of reconstruction, and should the of the WARNING! This fireplace and its to and operated as to or items this allowed these instructions, the and the warranty. It through these instructions thoroughly and follow them throughout The Heatilator fireplace consists of the following: Combustion Refractory Chimney Termination Chimney Hearth Optional throughout these instructions typical installations and only. slightly to and clearances The and throughout these installations instructions to A. LISTINGS AND CODE APPROVALS B. DESCRIPTION OF THE FIREPLACE SYSTEM T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with building agency to this fireplace to with including the and follow-up inspections. If installation, please or the Heatilator Technical Services Hearth Inc., W. Heatilator of Hearth Inc., HON INDUSTRIES. Typical
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS o C o it C f-i o o C f-i o o C f-i o o DM1342 DM1342B DM1342S C. SYSTEM COMPONENTS o itc o o GR9 Grate HX4 Hearth
Chimney The following those which with this fireplace. o C o C C /tc /tc o itc C o itc C o itc C o itc C o itc C C C o o o C C C cti o o o cti o o o C o o C o o o C o C C o o C C o C o o o o AK14 T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chimney Sections o C tc o o o C AS10 CB576 JB577 Straight Bracket Insulation SL11 Chimney SL1130 RF570 Flashing RF571 Flashing to Pitch to Pitch
TR11T Round Termination LDS33 LDS46 Decorative Shroud CT56 Chase Top T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS TR11 Round Termination ST1175 Termination TR11T Termination CAK5A Chimney
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS D. PRE-INSTALLATION PREPARATION Locations and Several options to when choosing location fireplace. This fireplace as or chase. Locating the fireplace heat outlets or or other locations of the performance and from the front of the fireplace. Consideration should to these factors location. and typical installations used. Therefore, allowance when directly without Corner Wall or Chase WARNING! from products of such that the from or the where other heating or and or These reduce the of or flow WARNING! To with or insulation, the fireplace or insulation. overheating and fire Locations C These rough only. CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fire- assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section. o o
the The T4200 fireplace of The finished cavity than shows typical of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the fireplace the top of the the of the top standoffs. Chimney sections clearance the and section. WARNING! apply finishing of the of this fireplace or fire The fireplace front covered with such as or cover or cooling cover of the to the fireplace that would the of authorized Sidewalls/Surrounds located of from the fireplace If using surround constructed of located within the Short they within the the T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and Surrounds CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly the where the clearance Chimney sections clearance the and section.
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS fireplace location, the and necessary clearances considered. The fireplace and tested to The following the from the of the fireplace. straight height height with height offset and the offset and straight height the and To overhead the offset (SL1130). the following to the installation. offset and attached together or section(s) offset and Measure the to shifted to to the overhead A to sections to the the offset to Table and the A to than the of installation. The B that with the A the clearance that to the offset and the chart and the of sections and the of those Whenever the floor/ceiling, firestop The effective height of the fireplace assembly measured from the of to top of Chart o o o o o o E. CHIMNEY REQUIREMENTS WARNING! offsets to off- than from This fire the restricted. A from Table the to, than It then from the that would B) the offset and return. The that SL1112s. Chimney
Chimney Height building specify height the top. These specifications what known as the Foot This These the of operation. should of Sections To the to installation, follow the below: the height of the fireplace installation. This measured from the of the assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the fireplace assembly from the height of the fireplace (measured from the of the to the of the termination to to what selected to the fireplace installation. the of firestop spacers, flashing, to the fireplace installation. If the from the of the to the of the or the top of the least the of the than three height the highest where through the If the from the of the to the of the than height reference established the of the of from the of the The top of the least this reference than three height the highest where through the T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS C o o o o C Chimney Height C C effective
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WARNING! the following: Wear and protection. hand and the to the to fire. the This fireplace or Follow the instructions and the to the clearance the and back of the fireplace assembly. the Protective Hearth Strips Included with fireplace hearth approximately These to protection where the fireplace and the hearth each the front of the fireplace. The each other the of the fireplace to coverage of the These should from the front and of the the the fireplace and front-to-back. with such as as necessary. the (using the located of the fireplace) to the F. INSTALLATION OF FIREPLACE Positioning the Strips To of the the fireplace Measure of the to they If they to the fireplace those
Chimney Sections straight section or offset to the top of the fireplace Chimney sections together the top section the the section. The to the of the section below The outer casing the casing of the section below WARNING! follow the instructions assembly of the and other to this fireplace to fire, too to the or and the of cool- Firestop Spacers and the the firestop FS538, FS540). the with the the the firestop spacer. These firestop spacers to the around the the firestop to to the from the or fireplace EXCEPT when the insulated or this the firestop from the top to insulation from the around the CAUTION: spacers whenever the T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Assembling Sections the
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Insulation insulation shield should when there of insulation with the factory built the the top of the insulation shield This the section the shield. the shield the section where firestop spacer. the shield the firestop spacer. The firestop the insulation shield. Insulation WARNING! RISK OF FIRE. the the tion and the insulation shield with insulation. the Assembly assembling the sections through the firestop spacers as While of the height and that Chimney each section slightly from the top to the If they connected correctly, they when tested. CAUTION: and sections once to the height achieved with the selected the Chimney offsets and to straight they with the screws (outer only), using the To from the sections the and the these to or You the and to the section from the fireplace or with WARNING! sections exceeding offset and turn, to off-center and sections from the WARNING! of clearance to of the to this clearance fire.
the of the the where the the to the of the through the to the the the Measure to of the and the or required. This measured the the pitch of the roof. and the Chapter of the Uniform Building to the section and the the Sections Through the to sections through the least the Flashing If flashing to used, the flashing to the pitch and round termination following the instructions shipped with the chase installations round termination (TR11), round termination (TR11T) or termination (ST1175). chase chase top. Chase tops from Heatilator building chase. the The as with this fireplace and its recommended to the effects of within the It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should least four the ground that allow to the The the of the the cover from the of the assembly where the to location/operation. the Chimney the follow the instructions with this accessory. T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Ceiling/Attic Construction CAUTION: The while burning the when operating the
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Complete the Complete the fireplace allowing and should with the clearance of the fireplace and the as as the fireplace back and the and to the of the fireplace below the of the front standoffs. such as USG MICORE CV230 Board, or USG DUROCK this CAUTION: using the fireplace the This of combustion products. Provisions both of the fireplace to allow of or with input of BTU/hour, incorporating and complying with the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 The should with the National ANSI Z223.1-1980 The to allow to through. to the and refractory the the insulation to around the where the of the clearance around the of inches the fireplace. WARNING! This tested the fireplace with heater. To reduce of heater this fireplace specifically tested and Inc. this fireplace. the heater tested and this factory built fireplace, fire created that Clearance Around CLEARANCES! clearance the back and of the fireplace assembly the where the clearance sections clearance the and section.
Hearth hearth with fireplaces to the front of the fireplace from both heat and The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the the hearth and the front of the fireplace with of constructed hearth should constructed with the instructions The constructed hearth constructed from MICORE CV230, or with insulation WARNING! Hearth to as to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the Factory Hearth Constructed Hearth T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the fireplace front. These should approximately from the fireplace front and both of the fireplace the crack the hearth and fireplace with of Apply finishing of choice to the hearth the Hearth Finishing the of the fireplace! This and fire. You only the of the Combustible which of or with fibers, plastics, or of and whether or or Noncombustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. Noncombustible which and burn; RTV103 Black (or Rutland, Inc. (or completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the fireplace and facing to to cover the fireplace front. than the top of the The of Combustible that than from the of the fireplace than from the top of the Combustible cover the of the This clearance with Section of ANSI/NFPA211 This fireplace tested and with as specified Section C. Please to the with each of instructions.
chase built around the and fireplace. chase constructed the and or the only. It commonly recommended that the chase insulated type insulation the Three of chase shown and chase. offset through and chase. Chase roof. G. CONSTRUCTING CHASE Chase T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The chase constructed the as the home. of including or constructing the chase, factors considered: around the The chase top constructed of firestop should insulated the the fireplace assembly. This reduces heat through the chase. the of the chase should insulated to the of the as shown This reduce heat from the around the fireplace. Chase Assembly
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Chase Top chase of around the Termination the sections through the chase using TR11 round termination the top section of the top of the chase to allow of the and termination installations TR11T round termination the section below the top of the chase top, than below the top of the chase top flashing ST1175 termination the section than below the chase top. the chase top to the top of the chase. the termination following the instructions with TR11T Round Termination WARNING! section or chase The higher of this heat to chase to fire. WARNING! instructions of the chase top, and termination with these To of fire, instructions strictly followed, including the of clearance and To the of those to the weather, that the chase top and termination painted with TR11 Round Termination ST1175 Termination
Information This fireplace to as heat It to function as heat as as other years. It that caused and of the that and of the fireplace with these instructions. It that the fire whenever the It recommended that inspection the to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating This factory built with (firewood) or that tested and to the Decorative Appliances ANSI Z21.60 operating fireplace, the the This fireplace tested and with heater. heater this fireplace and with the the closed the heater specifically tested and this fireplace Inc. of heater this factory built fireplace fire that fire. DO NOT this fireplace with the the closed Combustion products the to and to combustion from and overheating to this with the the asphyxiation or fire. H. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and this instruction to owners. The information to and them about such as the of shelves or the of unauthorized and repairs. WARNING! T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around constructed houses or existing with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the allows of the fireplace with this option. of combustion highly recommended to heated within the and to to the fireplace properly. This fireplace correctly only to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located. operation from other burning which or tion. The and operated the the top of the fireplace. lighting the fire, this from the of the fireplace. this with the Please or CAUTION:
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS fireplace operation with the the the closed. Hearth Inc. used. operation. of The factory to the from of fireplace and to allow to the burning It to the fire off the hearth and to allow the ashes to beneath the fire, thereby of heat protection. Firescreen firescreen to It closed whenever the fireplace or firescreens to burning the fireplace. those specifically tested and with the fireplace should used. should closed when the closed. CAUTION: closed while burning fireplace, firescreens and HOT. with WARNING! within the clearances to or the and instructions, Clear Near the FIREWOOD performance the of the firewood seasoned of about pound, and than of about than of commonly the of seasoned would about than of seasoned Soft coniferous. These with that year and their of fir, and Soft to burn and to than that their the Their found within protective or and It should noted that there that such as and to season, burn and usually to than The of and the fire with the fire off heat to the fireplace to operating and then the heat and MOISTURE: of which of burn, the factor that the fireplace operates the amount of the The of the fireplace owners caused trying to unseasoned Freshly as as of around that about pounds. with of the fireplace and to This sounds that exactly what unseasoned WARNING! unseasoned ignited fire that serious house fire.
SEASONING: Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to the and increasing the of each tree that and to as high as when The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow The the the the process. inches should Cover the top of the protection from and covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and The with burning unseasoned twofold: heat from the of heat to the This wasted that should heating home. Secondly, this the of which cooling fireplace and combined with and other from burning which the relatively cool and Starting the to the or the fireplace or of to the The fires built the fireplace without of the burning of the fireplace Light the and of of established. establishing the fire and the firewood burning of three of firewood, the such to allow combustion and them. T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to from the fireplace and the refractory and to You the first fires. This the fireplace, and cracking of the refractory. This and the of the If the cracks become enough that the the refractory or the should replaced. CAUTION: gasoline-type charcoal or to or freshen fire this fire- such from the WARNING! with should with the or closed. If partially and of the fireplace creating the of both fire and first lighting to pre-warm the to establish This holding of burning newspaper the This reduce This fireplace correctly to allow to the Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the fireplace located.
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS measured as the The amount of the The the combustion the and the of the There three basic establishing and of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the If the fire to and of the or it to establish and high then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating instructions, correctly and that the and the following: sections properly and the tightly sealed. The and of and branches back within of the top of the the and free of of or If necessary to increase the of Since the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when factory built or of top of as to the outlet of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors Neighboring high winds, around the that fireplace the or usually or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat
of Ashes Ashes should with tight-fitting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. and Inspect the internally and and seams and mechanical tight. inspection which the formation of slowly, and other which with to The the relatively cool of slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire. The should inspected least the heating season to occurred. If it should to reduce the of fire. I. MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTIONS T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS fire permanently This only paired the fires covered the ited Warranty and Protection Cleaning If of or yourself. To this, the following the the to and from the the termination or housing top.See Clean with attached to OR with and or Work and the the clean. the termination or housing top. Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as chairs, or other least four from the front of the Chimney Termination Cleaning WARNING!
T4200 FIREPLACE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Clearance Clearances Ashes, of Insulation Building C Chase Chase Chase Top Chimney Assembling Sections Through the Checking the Assembly Cleaning Through the Height the Chimney Bracket Chimney Chimney Sections Assembling Chimney Clearances Building Combustible Combustible Construction Corner of the Products Locations Firescreen Firestop Provisions Information Grate Hearth Positioning Corner Chase Insulation the and Locations Hearth Strips of Negative Noncombustible Noncombustible Overhead Obstructions Positioning Flashing Seasoning the Shroud Sidewalls/Surrounds Decorative Appliances Foot Termination Typical UL Uniform Building Unvented Heater Wall Insulation of Seasoning of
AS PART OF ITS YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM (PROGRAM), HEARTH HOME TECHNOLOGIES INC. (HHT) pleased to offer Warranty and covering of Heatilator the the United States of America or and of HHT authority to warranty or authorize to or with the terms of this Warranty HHT warrants the following of Heatilator to from and workmanship the years the firebox assembly, and termination; years refractory firebox and the and warranty from the of of (the The Warranty to the and of below. HHT of years from of HHT with or which their Warranty, of the then such HHT responsibility freight and charges related to such Conditions, of A. Both the Warranty and HHT apply while the its location of installation. HHT this warranty to from installation, or of the with the Instructions, and the furnished with the Appliance; which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the such as or forced or other of other than those specified the Instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT and/or of the authorized and HHT writing. This warranty to the or HHT B. the first of the Warranty, HHT its option, or covered and charge. reasonable and freight the through the fifth of the Warranty HHT of charge covered freight or related to the of the or the or the fifth of the HHT and forth HHT HHT or caused C. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. D. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights which from to to Service To service this warranty written of the claimed to Heatilator Technical Service Hearth W. You www.heatilator.com/contact.asp. of purchase, and to HHT HHT reasonable opportunity to the including reasonable opportunity to inspect the Appliance to or and the Appliance or of the Appliance from the of installation. HHT to warranty the ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If would information HEATILATOR products or to HEATILATOR WOODBURNING FIREPLACE Warranty of its 20-YEAR BUYER PROTECTION PROGRAM Heatilator of Hearth Inc.