service or or property to this or information, service agency or the If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or of life. or or other and the of this or other What to to light switch; building. Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency or the
A. and B. of the C. Information D. Step-by-Step E. Instructions the M F. Instructions the S G. H. Cleaning I. Inspecting the J. K. Servicing........................................................................................................................................................................13 L. Registration/Warranty M. N. Troubleshooting M O. Troubleshooting S P. Accessory M Only) Index..............................................................................................................................................................................19 Warranty this tested and with the optional these tions. of optional specifically tested this the warranty and/or Please these instructions completely to follow them malfunction serious and/or property building to installation. The comply with and and children when there fire burning the fireplace. This factory built to or (to from to or to the The when the While servicing this off electricity or to the This shock or burns. Also, the fireplace completely cooled servicing. burned where the installed. to the the of the Commonwealth of the existing fireplace please thIs and service service agency or the arrow found the text of
and The tested and the U.S. with Z21.60-1996 the tested and with It Inc. and the United States and as these and Instructions. UL, AGA, CGA or CSA certified. with building agency to this to with includ- the and follow-up inspections. the of with the the U.S.; the B149 If please information or HEATILATOR of Hearth Inc. this heatilator and its to and operated as to or items this allowed these tions, the and the warranty. It installation. through these instructions thoroughly and follow them throughout this Immediately service to inspect the and to of the and which B. of the the heatIlator consists of the following: Assembly Assembly Suffix optional RC-BATT-HTL only) and building installation: screwdriver wrenches The and throughout these instructions to
These with The and and and the and with Both or the M with optional (RC-BATT-HTL). Conversion to from to or from to The M to from to to from to The S to from to to from to These HEATILATOR and tested and when with this This HEATILA- TOR which the fire supply (NG) (NG) (LP) (LP)
Information Please these instructions with the owner. owner: Please these instructions reference. these instructions installation. This burning fireplace with and constructed of The clear and free from and other and fireplace when the burning and, other combustion provided, the introduction of combustion and the combustion and with the of the Z223.1 or the and B149.2. and outlet the (M the the The and its from the supply testing of that of PSIG. The isolated from the supply closing its testing of the to or than PSIG. The fireplace which the and the free that the fireplace or to the with the that the screw, or where high U.S. tested and from this National of the input rating the existing to should reduced each with the The from from this the input rating to reduced. this with authorities. Height Chimney
the from the includes four assembly, the assembly, fire and the To the the to the and with the as shown If the that the least to the the the The assembly should located as back as and to right the combustion of the fireplace. the The with and (and Commonwealth of the four screws that the assembly to the top the supply with building and/or as the locality. the Commonwealth of plumber or assembly the four screws that the top to the of the the assembly and top The the plumbed from the right or of the One with the This with supplied) located than from the The incoming should the from the right or and connected to the and the (supplied). optional: Seal around the to top
the to that the and with to off the when testing. DO NOT USE AN OPEN FLAME. Turn off the the Reassemble the top with the four screws and the assembly with the four screws when reassembling the assembly that the properly the assembly The assembly should top of the top and the from to right and pulled as as the assembly the Wool, and Wool approximately of the top of the covering the front of the cover the of The should to the of the the top and the front of the assembly to the that to the of the the of the the top of the assembly and the Wool the hearth refractory of the around the the the covered the It to the of the the the or the the
the Rear The with locating the of the the the locating the of the top The front with notches the of the to the the the notches the with the and the with the upright of the rear the Top Right The top right with locating the of the the the locating found the and the front Top The top with locating that fits notch the top of the front top right top
Appliance This 110VAC operation. shown with the This the of with the operation. the of the to the Battery Access the cover locating the of the cover. the cover to the right to from the base. Battery the and of the base. and the the base. The located the switch Battery
operating Instructions the FOR YOUR SAFETY READ BEFORE LIGHTING WARNING: If follow these instructions exactly, fire or causing property or of life. A. This lighting the follow these instructions exactly. B. BEFORE LIGHTING around the to to the than and to the WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch; phone building. Immediately neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire to high clothing and and clean. and operating instructions accompanying the FOR YOUR SAFETY: or or other and the vicinity of this or other STOP! the instruction Turn switch to the "OFF" to clear If STOP! Follow "B" the information If to assembly PILOT BURNER IGNITOR TO TURN OFF GAS APPLIANCE Turn on/off switch to "OFF". C. this Immediately service technician to inspect the and to of the and which Lighting M LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS To light and switch to "ON". light hand. If follow the instructions "TO TURN OFF GAS TO APPLIANCE" and service technician or GAS CONTROL KNOB FLAME SENSOR
F. operating Instructions the s WARNING: If follow these instructions exactly, fire or causing property or of life. A. This which hand. lighting the follow these instructions exactly. C. only hand to or the If the or hand, try to service technician. Force or attempted B. BEFORE LIGHTING around the fire or to to the because than and to the WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch; phone Immediately supplier?from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire to high clothing and and clean. and operating instructions accompanying the FOR YOUR SAFETY: or or other and the vicinity of this or other STOP! the instruction Turn counterclockwise to "PILOT". Turn clockwise to "OFF". to clear If STOP! Follow "B" the information If to pilot--follow from The the PILOT THERMOCOUPLE BURNER Turn clockwise to "OFF. force. FOR YOUR SAFETY READ BEFORE LIGHTING Lighting Instructions the S LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS TO TURN OFF GAS APPLIANCE D. this Immediately service to inspect the and to of the and which the the and Immediately light the with the of match and to the about the Release and back should If through If when released, and immediately service or If the the to "OFF" and service or Turn counterclockwise to "ON". turned to "ON" the
If fireplace with the should the when the the fireplace with the the heat of the fireplace and combustion of the or that the fireplace closed when the fireplace operating. cleaning the assembly, and surrounding the or brushing with least the when they cool. turn off the to the cleaning. relighting, to lighting instructions located and the clear and free from and other and the flow of combustion and the front of the clear of and clearance of least from the front of the fireplace. The should I. Inspecting the The fireplace and constructed to flow to to the atmosphere. fireplace instructions. the with the and the Light the three with match, candle, or below the top of the the If the the top, corners. the becomes
The to further. The to reduced the top the The supply from to increased. the the fireplace or crack or If necessary, this cleaning examination and cleaning of the of the burning should and least agency. J. other Although appearance, fire and burning other than or To to the and/or injury, matches, or other or thrown top of the To injury, when the operating. that the closed when the when the K. servicing and should service technician. off the supply and the cool service operation. servicing. registration/Warranty Please and to warranty coverage. If to with the factory, write to Heatilator Technical Services Hearth Inc., W. with follow. include and of the when to
following service active S assembly
IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. service or please and this from authorized Item SRV32233 SRV32234 Top Right SRV33732 Top SRV33733 Grate Assembly Assembly Assembly NG Assembly LP Connector NG LP Connector NG LP 13405A Assembly NG 385-510A Assembly LP 385-511A Bracket Battery 593-594A ON/OFF Switch Access Cover Stop Assembly 15696B 593-590A Wool, Wool 14333B "Z" Bracket service active
following service active assembly
IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. service or please and this from authorized Item SRV32233 SRV32234 Top Right SRV33732 Top SRV33733 Grate Assembly Assembly Assembly NG Assembly LP Connector of NG LP Connector NG LP 13405A Assembly NG 385-510A Assembly LP 385-511A Bracket Battery 593-594A ON/OFF Switch Access Stop Assembly 15696B 593-590A Wool, Wool 14333B "Z" Bracket service active
troubleshooting With and should years of trouble-free service. If to the troubleshooting below. This or service technician the of and the corrective action to corrective action light closed. that the located the repeated lights, the Clean and/ or wires from On/Off switch to and the of the This and of allowing to flow. service technician. should approximately to the to from to supply to the to the to the supply The empty. that the ground from the securely attached to the ground. batteries. with D batteries. wires from the to the the the If the correct, Remote the switch located the front of the to the with D
trouBleshootIng s corrective action Match light shutoff closed. that the located the incoming lights, following lighting instructions. ON. to Inspect the obstruction. ON. flow. service technician. the Light match. Turn to PILOT and match lights. OFF Turn to PILOT and match lights. This and of allowing to flow service technician. supply to the the to the to the Thermocouple too tight or too Thermocouple attached to the tight, with wrench. the thermocouple. Clean and/or the thermocouple. Defective thermocouple. the thermocouple with as follows: the thermocouple from the and the of the to the of the thermocouple. the of the to the of the thermocouple. Light the and the while readings. The readings should greater than If thermocouple. Defective service technician.
accessory only) The following accessory obtained from The wireless switch with instructions with them. Should information please information or www.hpba.org/staysafe. rc-Batt-htl
Hearth Inc., of its hearth (HHT), the following warranty HHT and hearth that purchased from HHT authorized WARRANTY COVERAGE: HHT warrants to the of the HHT the of installation, and to ownership of the the of within years following the of purchase, that the HHT free from and workmanship the of covered HHT found to or workmanship the warranty HHT its option, or the covered HHT, its own of its obligations such the or the purchase of the The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the This warranty to and as below. WARRANTY PERIOD: Warranty the of purchase. the of warranty coverage the of first of the or months the of the authorized HHT whichever The warranty than months following the of from HHT, of the or The warranty and covered the following The the below from the of warranty coverage and years from the of warranty coverage and These the expected useful of the operating Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA years years years and years years and refractory years years and heat 4021-645C of Hearth Inc. LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY Igniters, Factory-installed refractory and warranty and and as covered Conditions, and and HHT and termination
WARRANTY CONDITIONS: This warranty only covers HHT that purchased through HHT authorized or of HHT authorized the HHT This warranty while the HHT the of warranty service. If the to the HHT authorized or Additional service apply warranty service from other than the from whom originally purchased the with to when warranty and charges covered this warranty. WARRANTY EXCLUSIONS: This warranty cover the following: finishes as of heating of and finishes This and covered warranty. to printed, plated, or caused fingerprints, scratches, items, or other and the plated from the of cleaners or polishes. or of that to wear and tear the warranty These and firebricks, light and the ation of Minor or of causing These and related to this covered this warranty. from: to or the with the instructions, operating instructions, and furnished with the to the with building or tion, with or or improperly/ incorrectly repairs; or caused tightly sealed supply, or such as or forced or other such of other than those specified the operating instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT; of the authorized and HHT writing; and/or interruptions or of supply to the Non-HHT hearth or other with the of fireplace which or HHTs obligation this warranty to the to heat the Informa- tion to the and the selecting the the ation to location and insulation and of the This warranty The or operated atmospheres or other chemicals. by, to, or cracking and of or finishes. The subjected to prolonged of or There to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY: The owners and HHTs obligation this warranty, other warranty, or implied, or tort or otherwise, to or as specified HHT or caused the allow or of or these apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE EXPRESSED WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. 4021-645C of