and and Professional Please these instructions thoroughly to this to follow instructions costly service This the of plumber or These the the C.S.A International these instructions HEARTLAND APPLIANCES INC. N., N3H 4R7 ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with or NOTE: Clock or function! C US
and to with instructions WARNING
CONSUMER WARRANTY ENTIRE PRODUCT LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY HEARTLAND warrants the or of including of this which to or workmanship, with the of the painted or and plated or year from the of purchase. repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, to the terms and below. The warranty the painted or and plated or from of purchase. The warranty include of or OVEN ELEMENTS LIMITED SECOND THROUGH THIRD YEAR WARRANTY HEARTLAND warrants the heating or workmanship years. These repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, and to the terms and below. TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and to and service. to installation, and fire, acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty factory Authorized Service Person. Warranty to the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty cover this readily servicing, of house or boxes, or of This warranty rights. Additional warranty rights areas. such as education of and of of or normally associated with the responsibility of the or and that of the Company. or to or other finish, caused or or covered this warranty. If further concerning this the below reference, should service required. warranty, PLACE OF PURCHASE______________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE_______________________________ SERIAL NUMBER__________________________________ MODEL NUMBER__________________________________ Convection Clean Customer Service Heartland Appliances Inc. N., N3H 4R7 or
Section Assembly Instructions the Clearances Clearance the Positioning the Section Instructions Safety................................................... Clean Instructions Selecting the Section Graphic Section Clock Information.................................. Features.......................................... Light Clock Convection Convection 10.Convection Clean................................................ Section Top Operation36 Lighting the Top and of Section Broiling Convection Convection Roasting Convection Section Cleaning Cleaning Clean Plated Light Rack........................................ Supports Section Trouble Shooting and Trouble Shooting Trouble Shooting Chart Section Reference Conversion and Information Heartland A: Meat Roasting Poultry Roasting
Instructions Please that occurred the that inform immediately! and of the and the splashback. The splashback to the back of the assembly: Screwdriver shears You the to and regulations when with and this to and regulations the the clearance/installation the following include installations with These the and clearances to outlets, and tion to these ready to of the and splashback. of the of the Follow this to the and Assembly the with screws) found the accessory the the from the and that with this the height of the the the height that the to the the height with the screws supplied. the immediately the the of the there age the of these the right of the these to mount this fits the of the when the Clearances Should the to that there of of the of the should to the of burns or fire reaching the If the cooking they should of from the burn- mounting
should cooking To top of the cooking and the If required, the screws or of the accordingly. Positioning the this section) To the of four with Teflon To scratches that the and free of Matching and from You Heartland Appliances directly information. and built to and ance. Should to of choice, that the purchase the and Heartland Please follow the installation instructions. Heartland that the clearances as shown the clearance installations. completed with and only which to the disconnected The should cavity or where of grease become fire the completed, the and that there the and properly with moulded rated and electrically grounded with the of the with the National the supply servicing the and operated with or (LP). The OR the factory. purchased and should the The NPT that correctly or the type of used.Use The with the of the with the National Appliances the of This the of or fitter-This with three foot inch T type the supply to this testing of the supply to or than KPS, the isolated from the supply closing its shutoff The supply of The supply should least of or least of LP Section and Assembly
Clearance Clearances from to allow the and the cooking top "O" below) Clearance to the back of the obtained when the or with the of Splashback Responsibility that the with the or building and splashback then the from the back of to licenced U.S. and installations. included) New installations the U.S. four please to W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the Conversion included with every properly from force to If circulation.There least of the and right SPECIFY WIDTH OF HOOD and high back back U.S. only: J=36 to front of to of C high back high back w/shelf: performance CFM to and however Edges of counter top finished
Clearance Clearances from to allow the and the cooking top "O" below) licenced three U.S. and four installations. included) New the U.S. four please to W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the Conversion included with every properly from force to Table and right SPECIFY WIDTH OF HOOD to and high back to back U.S. only: J=30 Table to front of to of C high back w/shelf: Section and Assembly performance CFM to and If it circulation.There least of the Edges of counter top finished
Clearance Clearances the and the cooking top "O" below) Clearance to the back of the obtained when the or with the of Splashback Responsibility that the rear with the or building and splashback then the from the back of to U.S. and installations. included) New installations the U.S. four please to W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the ance. Conversion Bracket included with every properly from force to and right SPECIFY WIDTH OF HOOD to and high back to back only U.S. only: J=36 to front of to of C high back shelf: performance CFM to and tion. however Edges of counter top finished ote If circulation.There least of the
Clearance Clearances the and the cooking top "O" Table below) licenced three U.S. and four installations. included) New installations the U.S. four please to licensed W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the Conversion included with every properly from force to and right SPECIFY WIDTH OF HOOD to and high back to back U.S. only: J=30 to front of to of C high back w/shelf: If circulation.There least of the Section and Assembly performance CFM to and using however Edges of counter top finished
the with shears. wear to from crating, and To to the of the please racks, trays, and accessory from the them and should washed to from top of The shipped completely assembled and the or the off and the directly front of the and people to the to the from the top. the around the of the each assembly. (with Teflon attached) that they the of the the too the to the This to They the covers the Unwrap and covers the splashback. the splashback the back of the screws and splashback. throw these screws they to the splashback. tion splashback the splashback with the the back of the screws and screw- provided, the splashback to the
If high backguard: high back to the top washers. washers. screws. back to the high back screws.(do three this pcs.)to the high back and top,using screws. ready technician/installer. Positioning the the assembled and the the the that and Teflon and clean and clear of and (as the On with rough or the ance to and both the front. the to the the To the the screws located the of each (as the wrench, the screw clockwise to the corner, and counter-clockwise to the corner. that the Teflon should the of the On the of the the the and the Teflon of each to the the when the cleaning or servicing. With and assembled, to inspection and cleaning. and from the and around the Section
Instructions or heating the Children should or where They should allowed to or of the Appliance which burns. top prolonged of and/or top become enough to burns). Please with top operation. substantially prolonged and/or top (please as this increase heat to Wear or should while the servicing of the specifically the other servicing should to technician. or should or grease fires smother fire or or or foam-type extinguisher. potholders or potholders burns from potholder heating or other cloth. heating or of heating though they of become enough to burns. and or allow clothing or other with heating or of they to cool. Other of the become enough to burns these and top. when or or food. heat food of to burst and of location while cool. If while potholder heating thermostatically cooling prolonged of the The off when the cooling
Clean Instructions the instructions below and the and clock operation instructions to the than and children should the releases touch heating or of heating though they of enough to burns. and or clothing or other with heating or of they to Other of the become enough to burns these and and cookware from the and should from the and the become the protective coating. and food from the of top while cleaning NOT NOT the The should to or the items of to the or top of Children to reach items seriously Clean grease should allowed to or Operation Instructions foods the the off. operating the thermostatically cooling clean The automatically off when the cooling Section
Selecting the the and formance of It to them improperly selected cook efficiently or evenly. follow these to heavy cookware with and smooth efficiency. and heat quickly. and or cookware to heat. or cookware should as recommended the cookware and with rounded or or bottoms, or cookware that heating. The of the should straight the of the cooking There should the straight and the whether or empty, should the rounded and scorching or burning of food to heating. Match the to the cooking process. cooking usually when nearly Choose the accordingly. Specialty cookware such as cook- canning and chosen to that they this with tight to heat, and food to with thereby the cooking that clean and with anced These easily. and Operation section information of rough to the top of the to and around of Turn heat to reduce to smothered and reignition to these and than
The cooking located the front of the These offer of heat ease and through the clock. to below. A. BTU easy clean, sealed head The head high heavy The head such as and to as as BTU. B. allow selection of cooking and the front of the easy access. Should the reason, the to to the C. BTU of BTU. These to as as BTU. and back from each other. and to light each The the as the top A. features and and lights. B. features: heat) and Convection and tion of of with cakes, with cakes, high the front of the cresting located the of the top. Section
C OVEN VENTS THRU THESE SLOTS, LEGACY VENTS FROM SAME AREA ONLY VENT IS COVERED BY DECORATIVE STRIP
Graphic These the of each shown, however, and with Section
ON Convection Convection clock cook Features: of clock Count and include cook and function, changeable without or displayed or and F reached. LED of function, of function the of the function. seconds, the back to and clock when or function. Child Stop increase light Convection Clean
Information Clock other operation of the other the clock supplying to the the first or the following The clock The increase and the clock functions the sound each function and the flashing. function started, the the function or of functions to than and Clock Operation Information Convection Convection Light Clock Convection Clean Section and Clock Table seconds tions the function automatically). of displayed The of and functions hours and If to or below, SP seconds. cooking function, the clock increase or seconds
The temporarily of service) to from switching the This when cleaning the Section 4B Clock section reasons, the off operating continuously or hours section To cooking function, least to with the cooling while the to the of the prolonged cooking cooling to the of the Light Turn light on/off: Press light once to light Light off approximately seconds. Clock
4A. Clock (please to the clock of Press clock hours and flashing and clock light to flash) Within seconds of increase or to the of hours and increase or seconds) Press to clock or without seconds Once clock the the hours and and the clock Notes: of only when operation. To International hour instead of clock To to clock AC supply (North American the displayed turned displayed (F) or (C). To switch from to another function there the C 4B. Clock (please to the To the and seconds. appear and the clock locked. seconds the of displayed. To the and seconds. The and clock to of Section and Clock
5A. (please to the Press (clock Press increase of displayed. holding increase seconds) To increase or as Press to countdown. Countdown immediately countdown sound the pressed. Press to function Notes: The strictly the countdown of of It while the operation as of the other than the displayed minutes:seconds. the displayed of hours and
6A. (please to the function) Press 350F or 175C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 65C to 290C. holding increase or seconds). Press to function. light seconds the of and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To while the heating Information seconds. The located the top right the when the and off when the off. 6B. (please to the function) Press 350F or 175C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 65C to 290C. holding increase or seconds). Press cook and cook to flash) Press increase cook holding increase seconds). To increase or as Section and Clock
Press to function. and cook tor lights seconds the of and displayed. of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. reached. At the of and the The off as as the and cook lights. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To or of cooking while the heating or cook Information seconds. 6C. (please to the function) Press 350F or 175C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 65C to 290C holding increase or seconds). Press cook and cook to flash) Press increase cook holding increase seconds). To increase or as Press to cooking to completed. and clock the the would normally off its cook to cook hours the then the clock To the cooking to to
Press increase holding increase seconds). To increase or as Press to function. of At the of the cooking the light and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. reached. At the of and the The off as as the light. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To of cooking or while the heating cook or cooking and Information seconds. Section and Clock
Convection 7A. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press to function. light seconds the of and displayed. of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To while the heating Information displayed seconds. 7B. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press cook and cook to flash) Press increase cook holding increase seconds)
To increase or as Press to function. and cook lights seconds the of and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. reached. At the of and the off. The off as as the and cook lights. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To of cooking or while the heating cook or cooking and Information seconds. 7C. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press cook and cook to flash) Press increase cook holding increase seconds) To increase or as Press to cooking to completed. and clock the the normally off its cook to cook hours the then the clock To the to to Section and Clock
Press increase holding increase seconds) To increase or as Press to function. of At the of the cooking the light and displayed. played of 5F or 5C reached. Once the reached, sound. reached. At the of and the off. The off as as the light. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To of cooking or while the heating cook or respectively of and Information seconds.
Convection 8A. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press to function. light seconds the of and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To while the heating Information displayed seconds. 8B. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the onvection light to flash) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press cook and cook to flash) Section and Clock
Press increase cook holding increase seconds) To increase or as Press to function. and cook lights seconds the of and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. reached. At the of and the off. The off as as the and cook lights. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To or of cooking while the heating or cook of Information displayed seconds. 8C. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press increase or to 100F to 550F or 37C to 290C. holding increase or seconds) Press cook and cook to flash) Press increase cook increase seconds) To increase or as
Press to cooking to completed. and clock the the normally off its delayed. cook to cook hours the then the clock holding increase seconds) To increase or as Press to function. of At the of the cooking the light and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once the reached, sound. reached. At the of and the off. The off as as the light. The of then displayed. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To of cooking or while the heating cook or respectively of and Information seconds. Section and Clock
9A. (please to the function) Press 550F or 290C and the light to flash) Press to 100F to 550F or 65C to 290C. holding seconds) To increase or as Press to function. light seconds the of and displayed. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To while the heating Information seconds. 10A. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press 550F or 290C and the light to flash) Press to 100F to 550F or 65C to 290C. holding seconds) To increase or as
Press to function. and lights seconds the of and displayed. of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function and lights and off. of displayed. To while the heating or Information seconds. Section and Clock
11A. (please to the function) Press 350F or 175C and the light to flash) Press to below 295F or 145C. holding seconds). Press to function. light SP displayed. seconds the of and displayed. of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. The located the top right the when the and off when the off. 11B. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press to below 295F or 145C. holding seconds). Press to function. light SP displayed. seconds the of and displayed. displayed of 5F or 5C reached. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. The located the top right the when the and off when the off.
11C. Convection (please to the function) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press 325F or 160C and the light to flash) Press to below 295F or 145C. holding seconds). Press to function. light displayed. seconds the of and displayed. of 5F or 5C reached. SP displayed. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. The located the top right the when the and off when the off. 11D. (please to the function) Press 550F or 290C and the light to flash) Press to below 295F or 145C holding seconds) Press to function. light SP displayed. seconds the of and displayed. Once reached, sound. Press to function light and off. of displayed. To while the heating Information seconds. closed The located the top right the when the and off when the off. Section and Clock
Clean Warning: cookware, racks, and from to them from becoming and to Section and Clean- information to cleaning the 12A. Clean (please to the function. closed Press (countdown hours and the light to flash) Press to cleaning To increase or as to hours. holding increase or seconds) Press to clean clean light and and cooling seconds the of displayed. Press to light off. when below 550F or 300C and cooling off. of displayed. At of clean light off. only when below 550F or 300C and cooling off. of displayed. 12B. Clean (please to the function) Press (countdown hours and the light to flash) Press to cleaning To increase or as to hours. holding increase or seconds)
Press to to completed. and clock the the cleaning would normally off its hour cleaning oclock the then the clock To to to To increase or as Press to clean light and of the and cooling seconds the of displayed. Press to clean light off. only when below 550F or 300C and cooling off. of displayed. At of light off. when below 550F or 300C and cooling off. of displayed. Section and Clock
Lighting the Top and with that electrically operated. and turning the to or lighting the turned, clicking heard. the lights, the clicking lighting only the selected light. reignition should the reason, the to to the Reference section lighting or the seconds the turned off. This specially the cooling operating the Incorrect and performance (please to Top and when cooking top while using It located the accessory the The fits fits of the This fits the right
This the heat of You choose this of cook- and with necessary to preheat the Usually whether or preheating required. roasting from to finish, preheating required. allow to cooking the of the To of meat thermometer and to A and and Roasting Section and Roasting This of cooking to high heat of to food to the Usually to the of food, such as and meat the to the of the to reduce and the third or fourth the food and Roasting locked and or third to A and cooking Heat shows heat radiated from the the cooking process.
Convection Convection conveying. cooking the heat from The food than This food cooked and It to the sheets supplied. cover foods with the the of the cook reducing amounts of and cook shorter to A and cooking Convection Convection combining the heat of the with the the heat the of the that or Convection Roasting This of cooking from the and to where heat and around the meat, instead of rotating, the the of meat directly roasting supplied. Poultry breast the first of the then turned this the breast Other should the and usually to A and cooking Convection Convection combining the heat of the with the the The of the food and turning foods necessary. The and which the to turned prolonged of this allows the to of than 300F and of to hours. the off hours. Convection shows heat from the heat around the food, the cooking process.
meat, allowing meat to thaw the around the of the meat about every inch to curling. meat the amount of the reduce the and from the and, the roasting They to allow to the reducing while the food If the with and the covered with to the to the and the to with the the to allow and to the the the the top of the the and food the Select to and F) or C and C) preheat necessary. the The the meat to the the the browns. meat, preheat the and the meat as to the as The further the placed, the Section and Roasting the and the the meat become when the Children should Roasting
clean The serviceable and to clean, it withstand rough or cloth and cracking. To clean or and cloth. cleaners. If based food or such as or the once to and Cleaning DO NOT USE STEEL WOOL PAD. It scratch the should when cleaning with and cloth, then Increase the of the cleaning tion, If food byproducts such as or to such as or Apply with thoroughly, and the of the and follow cleaning instructions To noticeable scratches the lightly with the of the cleaning such as
Cleaning Clean with cleaning the of the clock and follow the and cleaning instructions below. Then to Clock and Operation section and Clean cookware, and from the and the they become and rough cleaning, the protective coating). and food from promptly to the cleaning Specially of and other which attached to the and the as they off. reached the cleaning the around the the of the the and the of the shown the and or of and with to This this from the high heat of the cleaning these the cleaning DO NOT cleaner, or coating This the finish. DO NOT clean the DO NOT while cleaning. front of Section and Cleaning
Top other than to off the head of each With (rates of this and performance. If the easily cleaned with There or screws to The to replacing, the locked securely the otherwise and or cleaning of light the with cloth. heavy cleaningcooked with and type of cleaner. thor- oughly every cleaning operation. using the base, as they the the base. from the lighting the to Plated These cleaned with and or and cloth. If based food or such as or the once to Light lights, the the or light the and cool. light prying the cover off. the top and The easily free of grease or to the grease off
The to the immediately the to the OFF O Wearing to from the heat and the Steam created as the the the cleaning food The cleaned the further cleaning (dishwasher cooled off. The located the and cleaned (dishwasher The A, B, C, and D To the located the of the The off the orifices, and top of the There of with the the back that the wires back the A, B, C, and D, and (dishwasher To follow instructions (please that B and C interchangeable) the shown. and Occasionally grease These of or This when ccoking You to bottle with to lightly the If the becomes the food from the the heat the food when the To from the from around the of and chops, that the that turning of meat or poultry, the the and If this to the food to another DO NOT the while turned Section and Cleaning C
The with stop-locks that when correctly the completely of the and when or food. To the the to the back. slightly to the from the of Clean with To assembly Please locations as the lowest location, the location and The location the to with the offset this The offset to to the of of foods, such as or bottoms. Supports The to interlock the easy to To racks. plated from front and back located the top of the Clean with
of the thorough cleaning easy: and catches to of the catch securely hinged. With hand each of the slightly, and The approximately when To Section and Cleaning
and The and inspected the factory once the assembled properly to there and which easily the If each with and testing. that operating properly lighting each of the Turn the and turning counter clockwise. them and high Trouble Shooting the of the The should steady, relatively with There should The outer should If the lights or there from the or there from the the the properly the base. Please to assembly ticking from to You should cooking with If to the shooting section this 24A) the
service, please to the information this The You to this to the and then follow the completely the The household tripped, or blown the switch The clock the clock flash- Clock The clock tion. Press the to light Press clock. Light clock switched off. Light or tripped or Food properly properly. incorrect. Necessary preheating Food roasting properly correctly. incorrect Roasting too cookware used. when to browning. Food properly properly. The cookware used. Too the than performance preheat completely the The household tripped or the switch or Section Troubl Shooting
If interrupted, cooked the top of the Heartland The following these to the top without the of electricity. and clothing clear of the when lighting Manually Lighting the to the head. to the head. lighter as and the to the the lights, as required. clear of the Manually Lighting the through the near the back of the Turn the back to the this the front to light front the back Please that the function without electricity. tion to while interrupted! Trouble Shooting If become tions perfectly tight, otherwise there and therefore only found with the the the to serious burns. match or to yourself If off the supply of to the and service. If other replaced, follow this four-step Then Trouble Shooting Chart the to operation. basic the used. should or If and correct, the following chart to the and/or malfunctioning If and/or service Should the Reference section to Heartland Appliances.
Trouble Shooting Chart lights or from please to assembly properly base). ticking from to when turned to light when or turned to light when turned off that turned lighted off outer head or head when or both to to switch with Re-ignition switch grounded or high Disconnected switch or switch switch and wires High or and H.V. Defective Ground/Earth to or chassis properly connected to ground/earth ground/earth or through third of with supply polarity Too too Too too high wires or pinches the wires; tight, high terminals positioning of should with of ground/earth of chassis and ground/earth to of off head of off head.(Flame off Section Troubl Shooting
to The to the of and and easy The plate and grease while cook- of plate and foods. Splashback Spashback with clearance to walls. and coloured includes which mount the top the splashback. Reference Conversion and Information The and from the factory or They tion the and the the and with the to from or directly from Heartland Appliances. informa- tion please to technician. Heartland from or Heartland Appliance Inc. required, near warranty service, please first or Heartland, necessary. or and of purchase information ready. Without this information, service and or incorrect. warranty coverage, warranty
Section Reference (Rear
BBQ, Grate SS cover Chrome METRO/LEGACY KNOB W/RED INDICATOR COMMERCIAL KNOB BLACK- W/SCREENING COMMERCIAL KNOB WHITE MARKER INSERT COMMERCIAL KNOB CHROME BEZEL right top Convection Convection NG/10" LP) light shown) Cooling Thermodisk BBQ, outer plate top Roasting (fits offset offset head Black outer head Black included (North American) N.G. LP included beauty Black shown) Assembly only shown) shown) shielded C/W front C/W 3250-C Backguard: high) 3250S Backguard: high) 3251-C Backguard: high) 3251S Backguard: high) 3252-C Backguard: high) 3253-C Backguard: high) 3254-C*Backguard: High back high) 3254S Backguard: High back high) 3255-C Backguard: High back high) 3255S Backguard: High back high) 3324-C outer 3334-C right 3339-C top 3347-C 3397-C 3424-C outer 3430-C plate 3439-C top 3530-C plate 3569S 39951S Backguard: high) 39971S Backguard: high) shown) Clean, high shown) (high switch N.G. LP NA N.G. LP Convection (-C) to specified
of II capacity, mount and top mount fresh food as option. The offers optional rating and capacity, mount counter The offers optional efficiency rating and sealed fits as both and sealed or sealed and as both and with sealed fits shown with the Optional with the sealed clean fits or sealed or sealed fits burning cookstove-old fashioned cooking with or without burning as the information please or Heartland Appliances: or Section Reference
Warning: If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. or or other and the vicinity of this or other What to to light switch. telephone building. Immediately from neighbours Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency, or the FOR YOUR SAFETY or or other or the vicinity of this the as heater. heat or the Grease the of cooking fires. Clean the and regularly. to extinguish grease fire with grease fires with or the of the or directly the the its lowest cover the of the with Allow least of around or the to flow. to with To reduce the of of the the instructions properly To the properly, or and that the The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated. or (mechanical Prolonged of the ance tion. fective increase the of mechanical WARNING
II HPF##### IMPORTANT: ALL GAS WORK TO BE PERFORMED BY QUALIFIED GAS TECHNICIAN. the or installation. backguard screws and washers. from top. top. to holding top to PUSH UP and to screws access. only. LP covered LP to or the as and L/P; assembly: lock to and distributed of of assembly. assembly to incorrect
A: Meat Roasting Poultry Roasting Please locations as the lowest location, tion the location and The location the to with the offset this The offset to to the of of foods, such as or Appendices of A:
Meat Roasting Please to following such as thickness and of meat the meat thermometer thickest of bone and to Thick slightly to cook. roasts lightly with Roasts cooked and the and seared and the Convection cook slightly with therefore meat should shortly the cooking Meat to cook from Therefore from about below Allow to carving. RACK POSITION: roasting roasting OVEN TEMPERATURES: otherwise indicated preheat to 325F 160C. Roasting 450F/230C and then reduced to Convection to preheated and reduced 25F 15C. Convection cook and records of and
Meat of roasts Heated or round 275F/140C Crown Shoulder shoulder to 400F/200C to Meat Roasting C when there hint of when A: to
Poultry Roasting such as and of the cooking thermometer thigh, to lightly with Poultry cooked and the and seared and the cook slightly therefore should shortly the cooking Poultry to cook from Therefore from 5F below Allow to carving. RACK POSITION: roasting roasting OVEN TEMPERATURES: otherwise indicated preheat to 325F 160C.. Roasting 450F/230C and then reduced to Convection to preheated and reduced 25F 15C. Convection cook and records of and Meat breast, or whole, C
such as thickness, and the cooking with the and the High 550F/290C and searing and High cooking meat The the meat to the the the which meats. The further the meat the the and this meat or thicker lightly greased or the provided. Convection thick of meat and should the around the Turn meat with as to meat and To of meat the where RACK POSITION: The of or or Meat of or or clear or internal of breasts Whole or 10/inch 160F/70C with A: Thickness
preheat the or Convection cook and the lowered 25F C. that greatly that the properly. RACK POSITIONS: items such as cakes, cooked Generally and cookies, while and cakes or racks, the of corners of they directly the other and about and of slightly to cook. or cooked and records of and Food Yeast Breads Yeast and Tea food Loaf or pound Shells without with or C first; then first: then
with Generally preheating the high. Then follow the below. roasts and thick sear high then reduce heat to allow food to cook throughout and burn. Turn once appear the when the reduce heat and or to meat to of BBQ of To of the where eat Thickness High turning once turning once or High turning once turning once cooking or to sear each with to to then bone and then to to to then breasts then to or or with with to sear; then or then A: ate clear