INSTALLATION AND OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FUTURE USE Please these instructions thoroughly to this SAFETY NOTICE: IF THIS STOVE IS NOT PROPERLY INSTALLED, HOUSE FIRE MAY RESULT. FOR YOUR SAFETY, FOLLOW THE INSTALLATION DIRECTIONS. CONTACT LOCAL BUILDING OR FIRE OFFICIALS ABOUT RESTRICTIONS AND INSTALLATION INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS IN YOUR AREA. IMPORTANT: around chamber and Clean the chamber thoroughly from the top, and with the provided. the to reduce only to OVERFIRING CAUTION: warranty this The the thermometer with the reading with the thermometer the to the thermometer. C ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with E. MI The and Sweetheart cookstoves to CSA B366.2M ULC S-627 UL Professional Services NOTE: NBR With Towel SweetHeart With Towel AGA With SweetHeart With
FOR YOUR SAFETY DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPOURS OR LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS STOVE. Location If the located using which the top, causing fire the the or the the sealed. or the or the or the Grease the of cooking fires. Clean the regularly. to extinguish grease fire with Cover grease fires with or the of the or directly the the its lowest
Sweetheart CONSUMER WARRANTY ENTIRE PRODUCT LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY AGA warrants the or of of this which to or workmanship, with the of the painted or or plated year from the of purchase. repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, to the and below. The warranty the painted or finish, or plated from of purchase. The warranty include wear of firebox or TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and connected to and and to installation, and fire, acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty tory Authorized Service Person. Warranty to the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty this readily servicing. This warranty rights. Additional warranty rights areas. such as of or and normally associated with the responsibility of the or and that of the Company. of this warranty. If the the service of (tolls, charges, or the of the or the of the (owner). TO ENSURE PROMPT WARRANTY SERVICE, SEND IN YOUR WARRANTY CARD WITHIN DAYS OF PURCHASE. If further concerning this warranty, Customer Service AGA E. MI PLACE OF PURCHASE______________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE_______________________________ SERIAL NUMBER__________________________________ MODEL NUMBER__________________________________
Instructions Assembly Clearances Rough Rough SweetHeart Chart of Clearances................................................... Clearance Reductions Protection Chimneys and Recommended Clearances Optional Heat Water Woodburning Combustion Acquainted Starting the Break Sweetheart Grate Grate and Sweetheart Starting the of Ashes and the and Top Water Trouble Shooting Chimneys and Chimneys Work Factors that Affect Checking Existing Chimney Practices......................................................... What To If You Chimney Inspection Porcelain.................................................................... Firebox....................................................................... Thermometer Hearth Terms of Reference and Function Firing-Caution! SweetHeart
Heartland of North American heritage. cookstoves first and originals With operation and Heartland cookstove family of warmth, and the opportunity to this thoroughly to become with the installation, and You offers insight cookstove These Instructions the reference. The of If the to the with the The of the the and and the of the the performance of the factor the the With the of this learn to effectively heat and cook with to entirely, including the of reference and function. to learn the that the performance. The Sweetheart tested and of and the U.S. The ULC S-627 and UL The Sweetheart burning or (with the optional other The Sweetheart homes. the homes. Notice: If properly and house fire follow operation and building officials about and inspection the including house fire.) becoming with the operating them of operating the this of the become with the Instructions the the from to the than once. information Clearances and Protection The boxes. The the The to the as follows: only) the to the and assembled to the Assembly instructions the following the firebox:(Sweetheart and The the following parts:(Sweetheart and cooking and Heartland cleanout of thermometer only:(Sweetheart and containing: thread wrapped with teflon washer
Sweetheart the from the the first attached to the back. Follow the instructions below. Unscrew the from the and Unscrew screws the of the the and the first of and washers from the screws the back of the back of that the the screws the the each of the While holding the the to the washer and each screw, tight only. the screws the and of the and Tighten the screws of Assembly Warning: The heavy. the the or to that imprinted. that or to the of the and that should to from the screws that holding the to the and the Next, the which the front and back of the firebox base. the the and the and that the the located there. With the firebox and the other the off of the and its location. If fourth the while the others sheet screws these from the screws, through the first of and washers
Rack- to rear of screws and provided. screws from the top each screws and washers from top back of top, Sweetheart and when with the top heavy. to the assembly from the top of the the assembly the that and the or top. the assembly. the washers and screws from the of the top. sweetheart or the screws from the top of the top. With the assembly the and the top of the and the the top the with the the top while the the to the top with the screws and the or screws and washers. To screws or Assembly to Top Screw Bracket
and SweetHeart: the and thread the three locations, the front the and of Chimney Once the assembled and follow these the through the and through the the cooking with the screw and The should to freely from this Tighten the securely, cant cooking The to the and To mount the back. with the supplied. optional supply with assembly of the the front the the back of the the of the the back of the the of the through the of the the back of the Follow the instructions that with the and the the with the of the the the rotates freely the lockwasher
to the sections clearances, protection, and actively the installation. building or fire officials about and Clearances heat Heat directed front of the usually heat other as overheating walls, and of to that located overheat. Clearance the and and walls, ceilings, and If there clearance, then the overheat. The clearance should heat shields. flowing the and and heat. the with that as to heat eventually lowering the which fire. the clearances outlined this with to Heartland tested operation that these Clearances to These include newspapers and clothes. optional heat shield reduced clearances. Heat
Rough and These reference only, showing rough that or to with heat shield (from to of with heat shield (from to of Hearth Hearth Hearth (Top Combustible Wall with heat shield with heat shield to the back of the top
SweetHeart Rough and These reference only, showing rough that or to installation. with heat shield (from to of with heat shield (from to of Combustible Wall (Top Hearth Combustible Wall with heat shield with heat shield to the back of the top Hearth Combustible Wall
C Measure NO HEAT SHIELD WITH HEAT SHIELD to ULC S629 or UL 103HT the U.S. to the the top of the to the clearance to The below the heatshield. PLEASE NOTE: That these factory recommended clearances only, and to or building and fire These clearances without SweetHeart Chart of Clearances heat shield B, D, and from the heat shield. A, C, G, and the with or with-out heat shield. and C from the or clearances to each other, the clearance with the
Clearance Reductions There to reduce clearances to with these alternatives. to the Appliances and CAN3-B365-M84. the U.S., to the National Protection Association Protection front of the and front of U.S. to the and back of the to the and back clearances than these thick with thermal To thickness of (K thickness (K showing required, the location of Chimneys and The the of operation. Performance of the than other The the the that combustion and and to or existing as to the as to the that The and Sweetheart which with the or to ULC S629 and UL 103HT the U.S. Follow the installation. that to the inspected without the of The and to inspected building inspector. Recommended Clearances The least the of the least the where through the roof; least within of the top of the should and to this
Chimney The should of or thicker sheet and should The section of the from the should screwed to the of the sections of the screwed together with least three sheet screws. The section should securely attached to the there the The of sections should the that or that from the of the clean or the The should least the height of the with than of should than of to should than the through If this follow the recommended CSA B365 and NFPA the U.S., Wall Pass-Throughs. as through The whole should and inspection and cleaning. should used. to the reached and release toxic of should foot from the the fire, the violently. The securely attached to the and and sections securely attached together. This to to Optional Accessories obtained from or office hours from to Heat heat shield to as as to The heat shield both and Sweetheart cookstoves and mounts directly the rear of the The section of the shield covers the firebox and of the while the section covers the to the height of the cabinet.(See and operating with and Sweetheart heat shield obtained from or AGA of with heat shield
fresh to instead of to the fire. combustion its If tight and insulated, then the fire the of fire, and back the heating season, (which than the fire to from and build-up. of with fresh Mounting and and Sweetheart cookstoves.(See the cover plates (right of firebox the and, of the firebox Sweetheart). ready of and instructions included with each fresh Please that States fresh to with burning Please and building Water The family about of their to heat year. the cookstove, reduce or Fresh The the than using only screwdriver. The hollow chamber that fits the firebox. and from the to the or heater, heated from the to the Water This of active or You from to to 37.9L) or hour (about from OR to to 30.3L) (about from Sweetheart cools the the firebox, attracted to its cool attracted to These burn off reducing formation the and and operating with and Sweetheart obtained from or AGA
to the of freshly seasoning about of the the heated the firebox, this off, heat the the heat consumed. That why and while and burns easily. If this first fire, OR of the fires. seasoning life. Woodburning The firewood to operation. You the performance and burning firewood that and from least improperly seasoned or leading to performance, fires and build-up of of fire and to of the the warranty. Combustion.) because: to higher efficiency; and heat the fire as Combustion (or the the of to The and that the the high enough and the burns, the bright that characteristic of fire. If the burn, the or the as New Charcoal: the fire and of the charcoal Charcoal and burns with or Charcoal that burns easily and cleanly when enough the of the burn, about the of and charcoal.
Acquainted The Sweetheart and heating and cooking to with the which operates as heater and cooking the of the the the the fire and the relationship to the of what trying to accomplish with the the the plate and the the top of the both the top and The slightly the and the to and and when the the the firebox through the top these refractory firebrick. the Sweetheart, the firebox through the top firebrick the and right of the firebox. At the of the firebox the through the the back and forth and the firebox the and and The with the which allows the combustion to the fire. and the these and the It to the or the with the charge of You that with the closed the to the without to the or with recommended as anything the firebox that burn the to caught the The directly below the Starting the family burning the each family this and of clothing and from the the HOT while DO NOT TOUCH the burns; the firedoor, and with the onlythese fire extinguisher and clearly to extinguish fire. Grate
to The firebox of of and firebrick Both or thermal shock. and thoughtfulness the The and firebrick and the to the and firebrick and thermal shock, caused fire (following the instructions below the first fire) and of the hour the first firing. the the closed. the or fires. You or burnoff firing. This and caused the of the finish. It to and this section thoroughly the fire to the and and On to the slightly the To fire. the and the top of the to of newspaper and them the of the the newspaper. or of newspaper top of the that the Lighting the charge of preference. One to of newspaper torch, lighting and to the Light the the of the and then light the the top, the plate immediately. You to the plate slightly seconds to and establish the fire. To the of the plate or the front slowly. the established this the fire established when the Tighten the to This the fire momentarily and the The and heat routed around the closing the the If the heated enough or there too of fire through, this backpuffing. the to allow the chamber to the and heat. shows
the greatly reduced while the and there of to the fire Including of the the reloading, the and momentarilyif from the topslowly the or from the front, the slowly. first. the or the slightly. The its thermal closing the become knowledge what of and the of the Combustion Process, Both and Sweetheart which allows to the months with heat from the firebox. the from the firebox and the the top of the firebrick. You ready Sweetheart: To the the SweetHeart to purchase the optional to or to AGA the from the firebox the back first, and of the firebox. the from the the the back of the firebox the firebox the fire the back of the fire the and the front the top of the front You ready sweetheart Sweetheart
the optional the and the SweetHeart to burn and operating with and Sweetheart obtained from or AGA of the Sweetheart Grate To the optional the the and the through the top of the firebox and with the front firebox that (Please that front fire to with the facing from the firebox and towards the front of the with Gently the fits the track. the and Then with firedoor installation. Grate To the optional the through the and with the the the firebox and the the front and the back of the firebox. the and Then with firedoor installation. and Sweetheart burning only, The firedoor with each and the firedoor from the the three screws that the the the cover with the Tighten screws enough to the plate allow to freely back and forth. screws with each screw thread. fire should to burn Starting the process. On than of the to It to with of greater of to and The to of C) around closing the than back puffing. the recharge phase of of should least or of built burning anthracite which relatively clean to burns with and relatively or of which to to other such as burned, to anthracite. C showing
To and to the fire. of when the burning the to fire quickly. The to the burn. of built amounts the amounts of there of burning too Allow each least to that each to thoroughly the of burning established, the to the highest higher than the of the firedoor to of satisfactorily than of the and the completely ignited (usually to or the the should turned to the operating (If the closed to which the the If the fire burning and there of hand Allow enough each the combustion to the becomes the amount of increased. If the recharge started, to to increase the combustion that should there reasonably fire. The should bright and If the fire burning and there of of there of to amounts of first. NOTE: burning the The secondary to burning off The when burning and should closed when burning to NOT firebox with higher than the of the firedoor of Ashes and the when the Carry the with the the upright and the other the front to the of ashes the of related fires. Empty the ashes the top. ashes through the house; though the cool, the ashes the the the ashes or of ashes closed with tight of the ashes, fire
the and top cooking The top cooking and directly the cooking although this recommended, as usually mess. cooking with recommended. inspect the of slightly the cooking This the the the the to with the of the To allow purposely created the of the heats and cools eventually to The each Please allow season of as to the top that the and cookware, once heated the heat top and cooking from trying to fire the immediately heated and the fire to the required. The hand of the top the as the fire burns directly beneath The cooler the further to the right. The to the heat the cooking To the cooking the to the closed This the heat the cooking therefore heating The established both the cooking and the three things: The amount of the has. the the firebox and through the and fire. The of the With the closed, the heat the (heating and around the (heating the the heat routed directly the wood/coal the firebox and what of the combustion Closed
Learning to effectively the and the should the charcoal of the combustion the ready The thermometer the the only. to this thermometer. from top to and to as The thermometer food roasted or thermometer You that once the about of the firebox, reached that the and heated and At this charge of following the reloading. Allow the to its momentumigniting the charge. to allow steady The the the closed the warmer, and cooler when the effects of the the instantaneous the Ideally constantly, the and would typically three or four charges of to establish to hours cooking from charge of to about Waiting too to charge that the to to the charge burning This and cooking to the and heat. or required. these and with cooking to easy and trouble-free. cooking as as their ownersthere right or only, the there the and fire The cooking directly the firebox typically this the firebox or the the to allow the the chamber to the to backpuffing. properly. The performance and worth the
Water This section to the holding the of the and to The top and The and or entirely. The the of easy cleaning and the seams with free The (18.9L) with mounted the easy to the Water manually, the connected to To heat around the the to the right). of the that the closed, and heat the of the that the and heat the The the heated from to burning the the of the and the The downstream from the which that the the around the and therefore the the the as as when the closed. (shown) lighting from or when the relatively cool the the the The to the heat that to to heat the to the the this The theory when heating the If the the heat trying to heat the with the of cool the the this heat and the the to home. The or other the when the operation. If the the from the Water
Chimneys and The performance of the than other The the the that combustion and and to as to the as to the that Chimneys Work It known that This and the to function. The from the than the This the to the they created the the through to this The force caused the created the the the and the Greater Factors That Affect There factors that with and or of these features. It of that to function properly. the factors that influence Cold that the of house and three cold. This that the their heat to the they cool, they their and reduced. Insulation the and the to reduce the heat that within the house that than the of the allow to too slowly. This the to cool and their the reason that fireplace through to poorly. Ideally, the should the internal as the of the Trouble Shooting Chimney to that the top of the should least higher than the highest which it the and higher than or within of (three These the allowable height. Chimneys higher than this often performance reasons. located the of single-storey house or enough to though the heights the building followed. of to that the top of the should least higher than the which the cookstove Negative the House The force that influenced the house. cookstove acts as combustion from the house. typical house other clothes or fireplace, or or of these other the that the combustion. This supply fire to or to when its Chimneys often this type of performance. Effect houses winter, the houses warmer and, therefore, than the The the house to creating slightly the and slightly higher This the with to or located there. CHECKING AN EXISTING CHIMNEY existing to cookstove, thorough inspection should to its The inspection should professional because of the factors that considered. or the of existing
should including crumbling and cracks the the top of the and flashings the The should cracks and and its should existing factory-built inspection. should connected to factory-built to ULC S629 and UL 103HT the U.S with include warped or caused the heat of fire, of the shell, flashing, and of of the that the insulation should with which and What To If You the combustion the the fire immediately. to everyone of the house the fire and to that ashes shingles. Watch the that catch fire and burn. the fire its and the cooled, the thoroughly inspected to to inspect and the often to another fire. the from the to the The assembly of and should and to follow when or assembly. It based the found the Associations Appliances and B365). length. The assembly should as and as single-wall assembly than wherever the coating high and leaving the thin and to thicker than those other fire-burning should least Each should with three screws. The assembly should constructed to allow assembly allow to expand; straight should section and with inspection around the The should the least One of the assembly securely to the of the and the other to the There the cleaning and inspection of the of the The of the should the The of the should the that to the and through or or through or closet. should and To the of assembly, its and If properly constructed, or
heat, and around the and often The of cleaning of the burning and the burn. If ash which and light what the chamber, burning If what burning which too or the burning enough as of chimney. this. Follow this when cleaning around the Clean the chamber the top and the to the Then the the to the the then through the cleanout with the Follow the when cleaning the chamber, and the chamber to and and discovery. The cooler of and to and around that of the of the and or of the inspection of this and of burning which should immediately and to to to Ash slightly to should cleaned Scrape the and through the Scrape the of to the with inspection of this and
Inspection the cover the located the back of the Inspect or and as as and through the clean with the The from to of of ashes or the track. To the the or with about hour and or Chimney build-up. The of build-up cookstove and characteristics, the type of used, and the operated. with the of build-up the often every of to of build-up the and when heat and therefore firing lower. the of to the or coating that the and that or of the that the fires should allowed to thickness, Dry, should when reaches thickness. Chimney Cleaning and the cleaning normally and The should the that enough friction to cleaning from with threaded couplings each Several with the thorough cleaning. homeowners to the services of rather than their to clean the the and The the of the the to with neighbours to they with the services they received. the firing, top to This and eventually the top finish. The tops and polished To the the top with cooking of heavy light coating the or the top and re-apply as food, or as as If such To stores, or such as with to grease. top and/or heating and this and appear around The and of the heating At the of the heating season, seasonal location, apply of cooking to the top from Please of SweetHeart There the of the cooking the firebox The of this to allow the top to and as required. cleaned with and cloth while the and cracking. Clean with or and cloth. with household cleaner. Please The of or the porcelained
If the reseated high and from Heartland or the foot. to the below. SweetHeart: plate cleaning and inspection of the firebox recommended. On the SweetHeart and there the top the This should inspected and to of castings only) and smooth operation of and sealed with the of these by: Thermometer The the thermometer with the reading with the thermometer the to the thermometer. to the thermometer to allow reading thermometers to readings the 300F to 400F (150C to 205C) the the and high of the To please follow the instructions below: This the screws the Rear of Thermometer The back of the thermometer ready thermometer, to the and screws. Re-test thermometer and necessary.
Terms of Reference and Function The of and/or through the when flow the caused or within the Backpuffing The momentary of through the when to fire. or the the charge of immediately the backpuff of To this that the the or firedoor. the to allow the to clear from the (the fire) Loading the firebox with or to only accomplished of slowly, and which with to the relatively cool of burning fire the ignited, this fire. the burning and firing the and shows often to to The the fire and/or the the the burning with the combustion least hour each cleaning weather; monthly cleaning enough the months. Plate The section the top which or to repairs the firebox. Plate The to the plate to allow to the firebox. The round the top. Can to allow to the chamber the The to the and the firebox and the and Cleanout The the that to allow to ashes of the around the The routing the heat and directly through the or around the the heat and directly the This the the firing of the closed the heat and routed around the heating the cooking and of the the closed the or the with the closed backpuffing. the the firedoor or The around the the top and the cooking the right of the and the right of the and the of the and of the through which heat, and This heats the when the the closed The to and from the chamber around the Warming The and mounted to the of the overhead and and foods. to as closet. Water A hollow which the firebox through which flows heated and to or This or heating. should plumber. or or write Water The holding the of the Water manually. The connected to heat and the the to The and other
of serious fire permanently the and of Repeated the warranty of this To If the the fire, the of or Normal approximately the from the NOTE: to thermometer the top of the or thermometer the To the the should 800F and 900F (426.7C and 482.2C each burning the lighting with the the tightly closed operation. allow through the firebox, causing emptying ashes, clean thoroughly the to allow Clean to fire fire and What to fire operation, of the or to the and completely and restored. If burnings, action.
SweetHeart
Sweetheart Brick Brick
Short plated around Complete assembly Thermometer thermometer Right top or right Brick Right Brick-(Oval) Firebox Towel only) only) around only) only) Ash Ash mount) Screw handle/washer polished only) Ash Splash back Warming Cresting Right front front Right Right cresting cresting Chrome top White Black Heartland Firebox front right(SweetHeart) front(SweetHeart) arm(SweetHeart) Grate Towel rack(SweetHeart around band(SweetHeart band(SweetHeart Ash Ash SweetHeart top plate Ash rack(SweetHeart) right or Splash back Warming Cresting top Ash catch front front
If or or office hours from to Water Can to existing heater! Water SweetHeart Water everything to SweatHeart Heat clearance with this Heat SweetHeart Heat If tight and insulated, then the fire the then this what and Sweetheart that the Wood-burning cookstoves: please or AGA or
INSTRUCTIONS DINSTALLATION ET DOPRATION GARDER CES INSTRUCTIONS POUR DES RFRENCES FUTURES instructions AVIS SCURITAIRE: UN INCENDIE POURRAIT RSULTER SI CETTE CUISINIRE NEST PAS INSTALLE CONVENABLEMENT. POUR VOTRE SCURIT, SUIVRE LES DIRECTIONS DINSTALLATION. CONTACTER LES INSPECTEURS MUNICIPAUX DU BTIMENT ET DE LA PRVENTION DES INCENDIES CONCERNANT LES RESTRICTIONS ET LINSPECTION DINSTALLATION REQUISES DANS VOTRE RGION. IMPORTANT: combustion tous AVERTISSEMENT DE SURCHAUFFE: Un SURCHAUFFE VEUILLEZ NOTER: C ATTENTION INSTALLATEUR: AGA MARVEL E. MI SweetHeart CSA B366.2M ULC S-627 Professional Services NOTA: NBR SweetHeart SweetHeart
NE PAS PLACER OU UTILISER DE LESSENCE OU AUTRE APEURS INFLAMMABLES OU LIQUIDES PRS DE CET APPAREIL. toucher Toute four plancher four four four. plancher four POUR VOTRE SCURIT
PREMIRE ANNE AGA MARVEL Heartland, CONDITIONS instructions fournies Heartland obligations service Heartland service service fin service. attaches, service, charge PRIRE DE RETOURNER LE BON DE GARANTIE DANS LES JOURS APRS LACHAT DE LAPPAREIL POUR UN SERVICE RAPIDE. AGA MARVEL E. MI Sweetheart GARANTIE
INSTRUCTIONS DINSTALLATION................................. INSTALLATION o o Tableau Protection CHEMINES ET COURANTS DAIR.............................. ACCESSOIRES FACULTATIFS COMBUSTIBLE COMPRHENSION DE LA COMBUSTION.................... four BRLAGE DU CHARBON SweetHeart...................................26 o o TTT DES MA ABLE R UTILISATION DU FOUR ET DE LA SURFACE DE CUISSON......................................22 four GUIDE DE DPANNAGE affectant ENTRETIEN Inspection protection........................28 four......................................................28 thermomtre four.......................29 TERMES DE RFRENCES ET FONCTIONS..........................................30 SURCHAUFFE AVERTISSEMENT!.......................................................31 DIAGRAMME DE PICES SWEETHEART......................................... DIAGRAMME DE PICES DE REMPLACEMENT............................... LISTE DE PICE DE LA CUISINIRE....................................................
Heartland charme Heartland offre instructions. affectera performance performance SweetHeart ULC S-627 UL AVERTISSEMENT dinspection BIENVENUE Instructions protection plancher boite corps corps instructions (SweetHeart (SweetHeart (SweetHeart cloche cloche four Heartland (SweetHeart teflon)
corps corps corps. corps Assemblage plancher Nous recommandons corps four bois.
sweetheart Sweetheart, corps Sweetheart, fournis
SweetHeart: cloche cloche trous boulons fournis. fournir bout instructions incluses
sections protection plancher planification isolant. AVIS: thermomtre fonction Heartland indications tous inclus Un bois
plancher C o thermique Hearth ith heat shield (from to of with heat shield (from to of Coo (Top with heat shield with heat shield to the back of the top C o
with heat shield (from to of with heat shield (from to of C o rth SweetHeart (Top with heat shield with heat shield from the to the back of the top o plancher arth C o
C Measure NO HEAT SHIELD WITH HEAT SHIELD *Nota ULC S629 UL103HT -U VEUILLEZ NOTER: Tableau SweetHeart
CAN3-B365-M84 National Protection Association NFPA211 Protection plancher plancher plancher bourrage plancher Un plancher plancher plancher plancher Un performance tout combustion ULC S629 UL 103HT instructions Nous recommandons
section sections section bouts sections tombe tombera Un recommandations CSAB365 NFPA211 linspection. Un Un sections SweetHeart section four section 4.)Un inclus Heartland Appliances Inc.
bois, trous tous SweetHeart). Un inclus bois. service SOLE tournevis Un active OU formation Un SweetHeart. Heartland Appliances Inc. Toutes T-P C
bois, OU Un bois performance. performance performance, combustion). bois combustion bois. Combustible bois: bois bois.
SweetHeart four, relation cloche four. bois, charge bois. bois tout CHAUDE NE PAS TOUCHER CUISINIERE, cloche, four cloche four
Un thermique Un instructions bois. Nous section four cloche). bois bois charge torche, bout charge, four. four cloche four. four. four, four four combustion four four
recharge four four four four four cloche four four. cloche four combustion, bois. SWEETHEART AGA bois bois. sweetheart
bois. SweetHeart Un inclus Heartland Appliances Inc. Sortir boulon incluse inclus four 350F four recharge rouge Nous recommandons lanthracite, Un lanthracite. C o o
bois bois charbons sallumer charge. four Un profond profond. tout SURCHAUFFE four charbons profond, combustion profond, recharge combustion profond charge profond bois four bois. bout four
Un tous four four four toute toute four four cloche, four four. four toute tout four four Closed four bois/charbon combustion
four combustion four four four charge four charge. cloche basse four bougeant four four. performance, tout charges four charge profond charge, tous bois four four performance section four
(tourner four, four. four, four four four four bois tout four AVERTISSEMENT
Chemines performance tout combustion force affectent influencent isolation Un Un GUIDE DE DPANNAGE performance. Nous recommandons tout toute performance. plancher performance, plancher force combustion. combustion. performance.
Inspecter linspection. Un inspection ULC S629 UL 103HT -U. performance. tous combustion tout chose inspecter Inspecter B365 CSA. linspection Un bout linspection sections Un plancher, bougera tout.
o o o tombent fond. Toutes o o o o o tio o o o o o o o o o bois four four
Inspection protection protection Inspecter four four (Attention: four bois type combustion ratio combustion bout. Un services four force. fin four four
Inspecter four, Heartland SweetHeart: four four inspection SweetHeart Inspecter bois. four. chargeant bois; thermomtre four thermomtre four thermomtre four four. thermomtre 375F, thermomtre thermomtre thermomtre L thermomtre bougeant four thermomtre thermomtre
Termes Fonctions cloche, charge four fournit On four four. four, four four four four four four four inversion Charger section four. cloche four four four four. bois tout Un allumer. bois Nous recommandons tous tous Un froids.
SURCHAUFFE TTENTION! SURCHAUFFE SURCHAUFFE SURCHAUFFE: Un plancher. NOTA: thermomtre thermomtre four 800F 900F SURCHAUFFE. Un rougeoyer, four toutes SURCHAUFFE
DIAGRAMME DES PICES CUISINIRE OVAL
DIAGRAMME DES PICES CUISINIRE SWEETHEART
DIAGRAMME DES PICES DE REMPLACEMENT
four four four four four thermomtre four four four four bouton cloche cloche cloche Heartland blanche four four (SweetHeart) (SweetHeart (SweetHeart SweetHeart four corps four SweetHeart (SweetHeart) four
SweetHeart tout bois SweetHeart AGA MARVEL