and SANTAFEI-B Please this and of this heater. to follow these instructions property or death. or or other and the vicinity of this or other If to warranty. Comply with clearances to bustibles as specied. to comply house Tested and and shelled only. of other type of warranty. 7019-205C SANTA FE PELLET INSERT DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL operating and tions included. WARNING CAUTION NOTICE this with and operation. Read, and follow these tions tion and operation. burns. cooled NEVER allow children to children CAREFULLY SUPERVISE children as children and to of high High clothing or other clothing, and other building to installation. MUST comply with and and ofcials or authorities tion about inspection, and O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. WARNING HOT SURFACES! and other operation AND CAUTION DO NOT DISCARD
Hearth welcomes to tion of choosing of to quality, ity, and performance. This with research of the including of the Customer products that Research and facility then the advanced to the operation of SANTA FE PELLET INSERT SERIAL NO. NUMRO DE SRIE JAN FEB MAR APR MAY JUNE JULY AUG SEPT OCT NOV DEC O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY This from EPA CFR Heater (A) Ratio"]. DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL NE PAS ENLEVER L'TIQUETTE Chine SERIAL NUMBER LABEL LOCATION: 7019-205C and to the Family 061-S-62-6 7019-204B SAMPLE: and old-fash- ioned when it to craftsmanship. Each fabricated and hand-nished and to completed as each inspection. and family years of the and of hearth Thank choosing O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. ort #061-S-62-6 BTU/HR. AC, Amps, AMPS. This tested and with OAR through Tested to: ASTM E-1509-2004, ULC S628-93, ULC /ORD-C1482-M1990 Heating (UM) 84-HUD FOR USE ONL WITH PELLETI ED WOOD OR SHELLED FIELD CORN FUEL. Route from or front of DANGER of shock. supply servicing. with from To thermostat the light automatically. To shutdown, thermostat to below further instruction to and tightly closed operation. PREVENT HOUSE FIRES and with and operating instructions. building or fire officials about and inspection ARNING FOR MOBILE HOMES combustion provided. The of the and to instructions and through or Inspect and uently with instructions. Not This Unit to Serving Another Appliance. or type "L" or "PL" MINIMUM CLEARANCES TO COMBUSTIBLE MATERIALS C Clearance To Exposed Section Depth: MANTEL SIDE WALL C SAMPLE: CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLES LABEL LOCATION: On right SAFETY LABEL by: North, WA AS BUILT-IN UNIT Top of Top C Rear of Top/Rear C of Top/Rear to Combustible Rear or Clearance to top to C top to to top to to Hearth to from front Hearth from of DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL
Section and A. Appliance B. C. Specications D. E. BTU Specications Section Started A. Considerations B. Locating Appliance C. D. Negative E. F. G. Inspect Appliance, and Pre-Check Section Clearances A. Appliance B. Clearances to Built-In, UL and ULC C. Clearances to Clearance D. Protection E. Factory F. Removing of Factory Section Information A. B. Termination C. of D. Selection Chart Section A. Direct with B. Direct without C. with Section Section Appliance A. B. C. D. E. F. G. Hearth H. I. J. Thermostat 7019-205C TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Instructions A. B. Information C. First D. Starting First E. Characteristics F. Rate G. H. Section Troubleshooting Section Servicing Appliance A. Shutdown Procedures B. Reference Chart C. Cleaning D. High Ash E. Blower F. G. H. Section Reference A. B. Locations C. D. Service Accessories E. Service F. Homeowners Notes G. Warranty H. Information
and A. Appliance MODEL: LABORATORY: OMNI Inc REPORT NO. 061-S-62-6 TYPE: STANDARD: ASTM E1509-2004, ULC S628-93 and ULC/ORD-C1482-M1990 Heater and (UM) HUD, B. This installations when and when combustion The of the and The properly grounded to the of the and Class L or PL installation. C. Specications This with with Please NOTE: This with the of with the ASTM E1509-2004, ULC S628-93, ULC/ORD-C-1482-M1990, (UM) 84-HUD D. VAC, Amps, Amps 7019-205C E. BTU Specications *BTU Heating Capacity: to Capacity: or Shelled Corn *BTU the of NOTE: Hearth of this the right to its products, their specications and/or without
Started Location Considerations Appliance Location OT building to MUST comply with and and building inspector, ofcials or authorities inspection and It to clearances and protection, actually the Consideration to: Safety, of the and If existing the ance where there clear factory- built through the and optional would the tion of the termination. NOT recommended: Not the highest of the Recommended: 7019-205C Recommended Location: Location: Recommended: Insulated chase cooler Since ash, or the location of: softs, locating and termination, when operation. NOT or If burning shelled corn, specically to or Follow the instructions from the OT Locating the location of from near: heat outlets or Location: heated Location: Location NOT recommended: Too to tree Below NOT recommended:
B. Locating Appliance Chimney D. Negative Location of the and performance. through the the building This to lighting and of the the highest of the This the effects of termination from and other the of offsets. the location to and and NOT this to servicing another NOT to or C. the to successfully. successfully, combustion byproducts exiting the through the Considerations Preventing Location of and OT Hearth responsibility the performance of the caused by: to Tight of the Mechanical 7019-205C CAUTION Negative of combustion and Negative from the of the to properly. It stron- of the house. bath, Combustion heaters and other combustion Clothes Location of return-air to or conditioning of the HVAC such Recessed lighting hatch Duct To the effects of the with the facing the heating season combustion and and conditioning located the of the the near or isolated Recessed lighting should sealed hatches weather or sealed mounted and and seams or sealed
E. To reasonable the following should serious least each of from the heating and to the areas. Follow the and instructions and regularly. Conveniently Class extinguisher to with the of the house immediately. Inspect and operation. NOT NOT NOT to Hearth and the warranty by, the following and of of the other than as instructed Hearth and/or of Hearth without assembling NOT such action that 7019-205C WARNING WARNING F. and building normally installation, existing Reciprocating Screw G. Inspect Appliance and Pre-Use the location near the and follow the below: the and the and the Inspect the and noticed. and lowed. This read. protection properly The clearances from the and to The inspected profes- and clean, or the factory built to the instructions and clearances. The the height. from the Plated clean, Thermostat or protection to the Self-Tapping Screws Straps
and Clearances A. Appliance Top 7019-205C CL inches inches inches
B. Clearance To UL and ULC C Top of Top of Top or Rear C of Top or Rear to Combustible Top or Rear INSTALLED AS BUILT-IN UNIT Shown with Rear and Optional Combustible 7019-205C Clearance To Exposed Section Top Rear of to AS BUILT-IN C Rear WARNING Comply with clear- ances to as ed. to comply house NOTE: typical and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference.
C. and Clearance inc D. Protection protection hearth from protection to the of E. and Clearance Location Rear C Height 7019-205C C Inches to top to C top to inch to inch C
F. Removing of Factory-Built The (refractory), and from factory-built to shelves, shields and from factory-built attached with mechanical fas- The of the factory-built to the of the when inch the and the of outer The following as there of factory-built of to Measure and the cutting. With each corner. the 7019-205C If the of thin the from the to the The to to the the the tory-built that the the You to notch to the cord. that the the the from to of from
Information A. and Connector or inch type "L" or "PL" It or horizontally. Home: with tions. or to Class or tional Building (ICC) INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. to the with least screws. with least screws through each NOTE: whenever with high (500F [260C] rated only). NOTE: If burning shelled corn, specically corn. Follow the instructions from the LISTED used. NO OTHER used. or operation. HOT, burns touched. Non-combustible shielding or 7019-205C WARNING WARNING B. Termination terminate or such as or or closely fenced or location that of such as covered Termination It recommended that least inches of when directly through This which the of or the It from causing or people or to high The and to the through the from and or or building: Not than inches below; than inches from; Not than inches from permanently closed Not than inches below, from or of termination and should inches This the and of The The of termination and should inches to inches This includes of the and Termination Location Service) clearance to the as clearance to corners. Clearance of termination below service the as clearance to sof- Clearance of termination service Location of the termination or with to the service. CAUTION
C. of The below the of which to D. Selection Chart The chart to the of and the of this installation. the of the of the chart. to the right the chart reach If below the or inch to used. If anywhere the inch required. The chart reveals that as restrictive to the of as foot of and foot of as restrictive as foot of 7019-205C of Elbow-Rear Termination installation, service or or property to the owners information with this ance. or information service agency or of of o Elbow or o This and to type. or or If the of with of inch type L or PL If the of with of or inch to type L or PL WARNING ALTITUDE IN THOUSANDS OF FEET
B. irect Without A. irect With NOTE: typical and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference. combustion from: Wall, or cavity Enclosed such as or 7019-205C NOTE: allowed ULC S-628-93, ORD ULC C1482-M1990. NOTE; plate around and with insulation such as or high to to serviceability. through Rear Wall CAUTION NOTE: where through or of the to CAN/CSA-B365. WARNING Inspection of Chimney: of NFPA Factory-built inch UL103 HT.
C. With NOTE: clearances this type of to CAUTION building to installation. MUST comply with and and ofcials or authori- about installation inspection, and of with Direct 7019-205C NOTE: only allowed ULC S- ORD ULC C1482-M1990. NOTE; around and with insulation such as fiberglass, or high to to serviceability below through the Ash Clean-Out of Termination Chimney Top through Rear Wall
A. You the combustion and clear of and/or It while the to which off The combustion of It clearance to and from the or the beneath the and The to the to the (using the that the to the The grounded with grounding or terminated each with NEC grounding to clearances to and protection to and to effective the location where the or other to the the of the Follow the instructions when the with the (HUD) CFR comply with and (HUD), CFR 7019-205C WARNING WARNING of and/or NOT through: or that would the integrity. Shield/Firestop Class L o PL CAUTION Flashing
Appliance A. The located the rear of the To the the front and the to the height to the ance. 7019-205C Hose Hose Hose Assembly B. Instructions Included of inch hose assembly, termination assembly, head screwdriver; or Measure from to ance and location to to inch and to inch of house. hose to to assembly. and through hose to termination with hose termination to to combustion from: Wall, or cavity Enclosed such as or CAUTION Termination Assembly
C. Optional and Bracket (shipped from factory) heat through Included covers; Required: head screwdriver the the top screws each of and the the screws each and the attached together. the off the the to head screwdriver, the screws each and with motion to catching the the NOTE: The plated Black and covers to the brightness of the The covers shipped the and the the they then the covers to the and the top the through the and to with screws the cover this 7019-205C the to the with screws each the covers around the plated The the attached together the and the heat cleaning through the the and then the with the screws each of the cover this the top the already with screw each through the top and the other to to the covers the the Heat top
D. wrench NOTE: The the the wrench, screw of the completely and the E. Required: head screwdriver. (A screwdriver the the following the instructions head screwdriver, the screws the top and of the the from the rotating the from the the through the the the protected to scratching the when the the with the the and the Turn the and with Thread the through the and the through the and latch. Re-tighten the screw. to the using the screws F. the and Follow instructions from and The off the hinges. 7019-205C
G. Hearth to Height Included top, front, (already Needed: head screwdriver, shears, The screws each of already when shipped. to height. Tighten screws to head screwdriver. front and to height to cover and from top of This wear to to shears, the The of top allows straight The that front and to once to without from of top and and then front The front Once with the and the from that to and then to other front There the back of the top to to the necessary. the the type of NOTE inch thick or to and of top wear 7019-205C WARNING DOUBLE-SIDED TAPE DOUBLE-SIDED TAPE EXPAND SCISSORS TO DESIRED HEIGHT EXPLODED VIEW OF SCISSORS SCREWS ARE CIRCLED CUT TOP EDGE OF TRIM, NOT BOTTOM EDGE INSTALL FRONT TRIM LAST. CORNERS OVERLAP SIDE TRIM PIECES Decorative
H. and top and protective to scratching. the to the top using head screwdriver. There screws each the This to the the to the screws as shown the together the L Brack- supplied. the the top of the the At the of the there that the of the and the top that the Completed 7019-205C of to top of Access of "L" Bracket Access
I. Optional Instructions FRAGILE. when or cleaning to the Positioning the the right as shown. There notch the of the clearance the thermocou- and thermocouple protection the around the as and to the the back of the where the Notch Thermocouple NOTE: to the of the covered warranty. ation other than shown heat and the warranty. 7019-205C CAUTION Optional Top the the The charred the turned the back, the front. The about inches the when It the to from the
J. Thermostat AC thermostat to this You the included mount thermo- or purchase optional thermostat or The included thermostat with heat The rating The to to the lowest mounting thermostat to follow thermostat instructions carefully. NOTE: Thermostat mounted readings. The thermostat should mounted and with the from the thermostat NOTE: If the thermostat located too to the to the slightly higher to the There screw located the to the right of the The screws the thermostat wires. The the mounting screws the NOT grounding from directly properly grounded Route from NOT or front of ance. 7019-205C CAUTION Cord Screws Thermostat Wires or Remote The outlet the ONLY. other It the and warranty. Remote (unfused) Light CAUTION LEFT SIDE
Instructions A. from or by-products. If the they higher creating ash. containing higher and other such as when heated to the reaches. This what the of the from That why than others. inch or inch and should than inches from the which why the to occasionally. If burn than inches and/or greatly using with than from to and possibly High or of the to and and with high heat from the and to cool the heat from the feed that whenever of once greatly reduce the of the to trying purchasing to satisfaction. High or of the to with and If the to the top, immediately the and clean. to and Shelled Corn Shelled and of and The operation; the and cleanings. The BTU slightly to the of the used. where the to the 7019-205C WARNING B. Information Thermostat Heat The when the thermostat heat, light and heat. the to and the thermostat the light off and the The light located the Heat This with heat switch that three or and high. The and off as the thermostat the thermostat heat, the High. burning the then the which originally If the of the to heat than it higher of the when the enough to the thermostat, the off. NOT the vicinity. NOT charcoal or to or freshen this heater. such from the heater while Combustible HI MED LOW WARNING and other and clear of RESET BUTTON
C. First properly and that to the protection, and thermostat instructions. that the and firebox empty! the of the thermocouple, located the and that inch the the front of thermocouple with the of the thermocouple cover. Missed ignitions D. Starting First F. Rate Instructions thermostat operation of this corn. At this the with the thermostat to its lowest the The blower approximately though the thermostat heat. This the heat switch the right of the front of the right to the HIGH and then the thermostat to its highest The light which located the front of the the This the thermostat heat. The and the should to the once to the then This the and allow the to The to as as the thermostat heat. Once the ignited, burn then the thermostat to the the heat switch to the E. Characteristics properly with the heat output HIGH active that of the inches If the with and somewhat the to reduced. If the inches increase the feed and The and somewhat. This 7019-205C CAUTION Cord Screws Thermostat Wires or The factory and should The screw located the of the and the factory the only the re-tighten screw. the height too high or too to the feed the burning and to approximately inch the wing the the to increase the feed and height or the to the feed and Re-tighten the wing LEFT SIDE Remote (unfused) Light
G. each to the The once the The blower reached the This blower heat from the and to the thermostat heat the cooled Occasionally the of and this the light To the and the the the light Release the and the light back You should shortly. If follow the instructions Starting First and released operation. Curing of high irritating to H. caused expanding and contracting as heats and cools to the sound or heating This the or longevity of Ash This Clean the turned dirty. of ash. The ash, the higher burn The burns the clean- of the required. with and The to reduced or the cleaning. Heat or blower cleaning. or of from the airwash. the or there too and enough inch this This once the established. 7019-205C CAUTION ISSUES SOLUTIONS DO NOT LEAVE FIREPOT FLOOR OPEN WARNING NOT With Cleaning NOT than clearances to bustibles to Within or of
Troubleshooting Symptom Corrective Action to light of light Partially light or clean-out plate closed. 7019-205C With operation, and years of trouble-free service. If this troubleshooting service the of and the corrective action to This troubleshooting service technician. defective. tripped or switch closing, clean-out plate closed. ignition). clean-out plate closed. dirty. dirty. amount of service or with blower and switch hose clear and both thermocouple and properly. clean. front closed. that clean-out plate closed. Clean there the to with clean-out or other that clean-out plate closed. Clean there the to of with clean-out or other Scrape with of wire. to inch that clean-out closed. Clean there the to of with clean-out- or other using located
Symptom Corrective Action or and/or including heat blower and to of light. Appliance Appliance to light Turn thermostat off. off. If light thermostat wires from If light thermostat or wires 7019-205C switch closing. or turning with feed or Thermostat to high enough tripped. thermostat and/or Defective thermostat or thermostat with closed securely. blower and operating. switch hose clear and connected both thermocouple and properly. clean. NOTE: High blowing the the causing of Empty of to from including feed screws and feed assembly. that screw tight of feed feed thermostat to thermostat and thermostat or NOTE: To thermostat and the thermostat the to by-pass thermostat and
Symptom Corrective Action Convection blower to light. to Blower or off. Black high shutdowns. Appliance heat. light blower or 7019-205C defective. Blower Blower Blower with ash. Blower clean-out plate completely closed. amount of Defective thermocouple. Defective than Thermocouple or properly Defective Defective that blower ness. blower. that blower ness. Clean blower. Clean including heat and from to clean from top of Clean to that clean-out plate closed. using feed located Increase feed located Clean and thermocouple. instructions High Ash thermocouple or yellow light the with the thermocouple.
Servicing Appliance A. Shutdown Procedure and Turn thermostat, completely cool and blower off. servicing. cool of shock servicing B. Reference Chart Monthly Yearly Cleaning or Inspection Ash Every of OR Ash from More OR the type or build-up Beneath Heat Every ton of OR Blower, Combustion More OR the type Blower, Convection More OR the type Inspection to heating season OR Path More OR build-up Season At of heating season OR Every OR Corn Every OR clear of OR becomes Heat Every ton of OR Every ton of or when OR More OR the type 7019-205C CAUTION C. of the type of burning often to If the burning high or or burning shelled corn, to the than once to the when or non-burnable heated to C) and becomes D this section with high
Cleaning with Cleaning Clean-Out or often as Homeowner The shutdown and cool and the blower off. NOTE: If cleaning the there to the cleaning OUT and IN of to If to to clean-out to that built the plate of the and to to from the top of the Corn to The closed when nished. Ash from Firebox or build-up Homeowner There ashes the cleaning allow the to completely cool. cleaning of the the the build-up of the blower and and the thermostat and immediately off to the its It the instead of the There cleaning plates to the and right of the with both plates and the from the the this. This the as the The should every clean the to the and or The cleaning plates closed when cleaning The cleaning plates CLOSED when operating. and 7019-205C WARNING Cleaning Ash or every of Homeowner the the and the straight Empty and of Ashes Homeowner Ashes should with tight-tting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. WARNING of Ashes Ashes should with tight Ashes should retained closed thoroughly cooled. WARNING NEVER cleaning or cleaning plates when and or to of
Cleaning Heat Chambers or every ton of Homeowner amount of the to often should clean the heat Allow the to completely cool the cleaning Turn the thermostat and then immediately off to the its It the instead of the the directly the heat To clean, the straight approximately inches the OUT and IN of Heat Heat cleaning to the wear heat cleaning while operating. cleaning IN when DO NOT cleaning OUT. Cleaning Beneath Heat Monthly or every ton of Homeowner thorough cleaning to the that from the of the cleaning the heat The resting the back of the This the and Please to of the and NOTE: There heavy cleaners specically cleaning. 7019-205C Cleaning WARNING Cleaning the clear of the Homeowner Appliance completely cool cleaning or cleaner. off with towel. NOT cleaners. white to instructions. NOT with cracked, or scratched. Inspection to heating season Homeowner The the the and should inspected to there NOTE: There the of CAUTION assembly with cleaning scratching or NOT when WARNING with Inspect the to NOT or scratch NOT with assembly
Cleaning the Monthly or ton of Homeowner burning ton of to clean the to build-up. of and the reduces the amount of supply to the This shutdowns and The shutdown. Allow the to completely Empty the of the and Cleaning Blower Yearly or as Quality Service Technician/Homeowner right The blower the right this thoroughly. when Cleaning Convection Blower Yearly or as Service and Fly Ash: Formation Yearly or build-up Service Technician/Homeowner The products of combustion of ash. The the and the of the At there combustion, or there or incorrect of the to formation. This the The to cleaned least once year or often the of or there of Ash the 7019-205C Season At the of the heating season Homeowner the allowed to cool, and the blower off. from the and thoroughly. exposed including cast-iron. the Touch-Up with the or, Purchase from high-temperature cially heating
D. High Ash the build-up than the Homeowner or of that the with ashes and This the to the with which and shows where the back the feed and the and of burning of caused shown The when shown If the the the IMMEDIATE ATTENTION AND CLEANING IS REQUIRED. High or of the to with and If the to the top, immediately the and clean. to and 7019-205C ARNING Ash Correct Yellow/White Incorrect Correct
E. Blower Combustion Blower and the hearth. right and then right of with screws, to the the white and wires from the blower. blower mounting screws housing from blower housing and The blower shipped with housing. If the housing, If to the the housing to the Service the Housing White Wires 7019-205C Blower Blower Mounting Screws Convection Blower The blower located the of the If to the the screws head screwdriver. You to the from the and the hearth. and then of to the blower. wing the switch and switch to allow to the blower. the wires from the blower. The wires from the white and the wires from the The blower with wing and plate the factory only. This once the blower from the and Blower to of blower only.
F. Bracket Screw the turning the thermostat and the completely cool the cooled and the The leads to the connected to the with inch These wires to inches to through the the back of the chamber. the and the from the chamber. the screw and the chamber and tighten the screw. the wires to the leads with the leads back through the to the to inches to previously pulled This the wires of the of the that the wires clear of cleaning cleaning the and then the and the 7019-205C G. The and Follow instructions found from the and screwdriver, the of the to of the The top of the the from the and the other and with the the top and then the with the the The with the to WARNING thick high heat- DO NOT REPLACE with other shatter and with the this first the
H. Brick Follow shutdown Section The top the that the top of the There the right that the the top the back Then back the front clears the that resting The top the right and the right top of and then back. to the right with the the of the and Right 7019-205C right Right Brick right the right and then to the the the The the back and notches the slightly and the right of the it and then both top and notches of right and and top front the and Then the and the top of the right to the the of the the top of stability. The completely cover the top of the There the as shown Brick back Notches
Brick and notches 7019-205C right
A. Function The located of top of the There light located of the The internal light when the reached of C) the o C). and when reaches There internal light located the of the the the light every seconds seconds and then NOTE: NOT the This the warranty. If to or the the Convection Blower The blower mounted the of the There each of the The blower heated through the heat the Blower The blower mounted the right of the the right The blower to the from the and through the The located the and as assembly. The assembly includes the feed mounting and feed The hollow the from the and them the the The of high and cleaning The of the cleaning when the that the to completely closed or properly. The located the of the the light. The should and off to the 7019-205C Reference the location of AS YOU FACE THE FRONT OF THE APPLIANCE. Heat The heat heat from the There clean located the heat Heat Switch The heat switch located the right of front of the right and to the of the The function of the heat switch to the burn and high The mounted the of the Combustion the creating heated that the Junction The located the of the the front The and as The outlet located the of the the front of the the the outlet grounded and the polarity. recommended. operating with least of or with least of the the Light The light the of the the The function of the light to that the thermostat heat. The located the right of front of the right and to the right of the heat switch. The function of the switch to the thermostat which the Thermocouple The thermocouple located top of the the thermocouple cover protection The thermocouple to the indicating the of the and lights obtained. Thermostat The to AC thermostat. The heat should the lowest
(Convection Blower) 110F located the right of the There wires connected to This the and off as 250F located the back of the feed There and connected to This off the which off the should or the blower should to If this the with Protector) 250F mounted the back of the the of the and To the right If the to back the or the this the off. This manually Thermocouple Switch Black White Black Black White Black Black 7019-205C Thermostat Light Switch The switch located the of the This switch the feed when the The switch to off the feed the or the heat or or the below White Convection Blower Blower
B. Locations Heat Cleaning Cleaning Heat Locations Right located back of Tube. 7019-205C Cleaning Heat Switch Junction Cord Light Screws Thermostat Wires or Remote Locations RIGHT SIDE Connector Blower Convection Blower LEFT SIDE (unfused) Switch Junction
C. Assembly Assembly Assembly 7019-205C Item Screw Black Assembly Assembly Assembly Screws, SMS, Black Item Cleaning Thermocouple Bracket Not SRV7000-226 Thermocouple Thermocouple Screw Item Scraper Black Scraper Scraper Scraper Black Black Black Lower, Black Lower, Lower, Black Bracket DT-SF-NL DT-SF-GD DT-SF-NB
Screw, NL Latch Assembly Thermocouple Cover Thermocouple Thermocouple Brick, Right 7019-205C Right Access Blower, Transition Blower, Convection Bracket Assy Junction Switch Scraper Cleaning Assy Top Scraper Assy, Assy Assy, Ash Assy Assy EZ Clean Brick,
D. Service and IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. information located the supply and to service Item Service Alphabetical Access and Right (interchangeable) Ash Assembly UK-30KPEL Blower, with Housing Blower, Convection, with Brick, Right (interchangeable) Brick, Cast, (includes clean-out with thermostat hose warranty owners and How-To-Operate DVD) SRV7000-205 Assembly Assembly SRV7019-014 Assembly Assembly (includes screw SRV7019-037 Transition Assembly Assembly SRV7019-117 Right SRV7019-116 Top Bracket with Assembly SRV7001-046 Clean-Out EZ Clean SRV414-5200 Black Assembly Junction Assembly with (Tape) Scraper Assembly, Lower, Assembly, Bracket Heat Switch Switch) 7019-205C
Item Service Alphabetical Assembly (Heating SRV7000-462 Junction Right Rear, Right Rear, Top Right (interchangeable) Cord Scraper SCRAPER-SFI Screw SH, Screw, of o F., Convection Blower o F., SRV7000-268 o F., Protector, Thermocouple, inches Thermocouple Thermocouple Cover Screw of Only, Black Only, Only, Black Only, Switch, SRV7000-447 7019-205C Item Rear, Rear, Right Right Top (Optional)
Item Accessories, Alphabetical Top, Thermostat, Mechanical Thermostat, Black SP-SFI3040-NB SP-SFI3040-GD Black SP-SFI3350-NB SP-SFI3350-GD Black DT-SF-NB DT-SF-NL DT-SF-GD Assembly, Black GRL-SFI-NB Assembly, GRL-SFI-NL Assembly, GRL-SFI-GD II Item Appliance 7019-205C Black SANTAFEI-B
E. Service of Service of Service 7019-205C
E. Service of Service of Service 7019-205C
F. Homeowners Notes 7019-205C
G. Warranty Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY Hearth (HHT) and its respective the following warranty HHT and purchased from authorized HHT and the United States of America or Warranty with of purchase the as noted Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA Year years Refractory years years years Firebox, HHT Chimney, years years Heat years Refractory Heat CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This warranty to the and to years from of purchase to the homeowner, the purchase through authorized or of HHT, and the its of installation. The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the HHT or caused the cleaning and temporary repairs, or the to the the covered this warranty. This warranty to or include the or terminations, or other and/or of the or covered this warranty. from or of and related to this covered this warranty. 4021-645A 7019-205C Igniters, and Blowers Conditions, and and as covered Conditions, and
Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY HHTs this warranty to from: installation, or of the with the instructions; operating instructions and the furnished with the which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the or such as or forced or other such of other than those the operating instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT; and/or of the autho- and HHT writing. This warranty apply to hearth or other with the of this This warranty the or operated atmospheres or other chemicals the to prolonged of or or there to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or installation. HHTs this warranty to the and of or workmanship the HHT of its obligations such the HHTs covered this warranty. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. This Warranty effective HHT and and currently If warranty service should If the to or the authorized HHT or 4021-645A 7019-205C
Please with or the of DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL operating and tions included. purchased/installed: Location Dealership purchased from: Notes: This covered or of the following (United States) 6688302B2, 6715724B2, D320652, D445174, D462436; or other U.S. and 7019-205C Hearth North WA of HNI INDUSTRIES Read, and follow these tions tion and operation. that the following information SANTA FE PELLET INSERT NOTICE this with and operation. DO NOT DISCARD