The Collection everything
to the Heartland beauty, craftsmanship and incredible to with the functionality. Heartlands family of and dishwashers and cookstoves from the Woodburning first built Collection those who craftsmanship. plated the of the and of the plated the that the lookthese to something HCFDR20-WHT HCBMR19L-WHT HCTTDW-WHT Shown with optional Cowl Shown with optional Cowl shown with optional
The At Heartland, the that the functionality. Thats why hesitate to or This cooking or state-of- the-art with and The overhead to the clever clock/timer and easy to the of the integrated and of other options. located directly below the well-timed with the to It to F) with and high fresh allow to or the choice and of and and of offers of than to Choose from selection of cooking from to cooking once or the to of reach below to the trays, and roasting
to and off overheats or Proximity heat that the cool enough to with three of of and with and that from to the allows or HEARTLAND ELECTRIC RANGE Heartland cooking performance with the top The boasts high performance to performance from 2,500W to heat cooks who to as easy as the the smooth easy to and the recessed cooking to to plates high and and overhead as the with and without the and Heartland One warranty about You shouldnt that thrive the of cooking the To from height of to and repeatedly. the switched to high, the completely and the as smooth and as when started. cracking, or other effects. This and should attempted
or Convection sealed high efficiency BTU to BTU and BTU to BTU to capacity clean with and that from to Humidity the allows or to plates high Heartland If the Heartland or choose both. The offers the and of the combined with the efficiency and of the Convection cooking and state-of-the-art around the food and and clean, coated and and CFM overhead of the with sealed high BTU to BTU and BTU to BTU to
sealed high to BTU and to BTU to clean, and and rated to BTU and Heartland Performance exciting of and with and that high cant to fact, BTU input heat than BTU from the highest searing heat to whisper of BTU, where and without or scorching. high efficiency the that other cooking with the of Heartlands sealed light ignition. cooking the of heavy cookware. The allows heat the of light the through the Sealed top where they off quickly, and and wipe-clean included and CFM overhead of the features, with sealed high efficiency to BTU and to BTU rated to BTU
Sweetheart with with why grandmother that nothing matched the cookstove. The heated from cooking and to perfection Thaw food, plates or dough the closet. If think too think top or front and the coated with that easy cleaning. This the only cooking Top or front firebox and Ash with or Optional Optional heat shield reduced clearances building Heartland Woodburning The heating homes, and cooking century. offer the comfort, and Heartland incorporated to than ancestors. its through and or The of heating to and the Sweetheart to Choose optional with or that of hour with the operation. You this thermosyphon, the electricity. The heating. The to instruction Woodburning to with the Sweetheart to with White, and Black Heartland Woodburning One year warranty
HCFDR20-CRN Heartland One warranty Heartland Dishwasher Heartlands dishwasher features the sound insulation and the beautifully-crafted the finishing and the choice options sound insulation rated to flexibility when HCTTDW-IVY Heartland Dishwashers One year warranty Heartland Collection and dishwashers matching to slightly from those shown. and Cranberry Woodburning Heartland HCFDR20 French located Humidity clear shelves Optional high top of shelves Pull-out HCBMR19-CBL Dishwasher cleaning performance the to II White HCBMR19 sealed and shelving with and clear and Optional Optional high top of Black Cranberry*
SPECIFICATIONS The specifications this reference only. the and/or or authorities tested to UL CSA B366-2M and ULC S-627 Hersey. to ANSI CSA and UL Common included) CFM contained the overhead exhausted or through The and Light cooking Concealed and cooking as cleaning V, included) Both the and to burn or Conversion required. Specify which when Top BTU BTU) BTU BTU) included Common included) BTU and included) Top and CFM the overhead exhausted or through Light cooking of clock and V, Amps, included) Both the and to or Conversion Specify which using when Top BTU BTU) BTU BTU) Installation: Common included) CFM the overhead exhausted or through and Light cooking Concealed and cooking as cleaning V, V, included) included BTU BTU) BTU BTU) BTU BTU) BTU BTU) Bridge
Heating capacity: heat to length: with or without with which dishes, canning, The burning (Optional Heating capacity: heat to length: with or without with which dishes, canning, The burning heating and cooking top of top of top of top of Capacity: fresh food V, V, Amps Amps Features: shelves shelves sealed and with food Clear shelves Ice Optional Located and rated Cowls: height height options Integrated High Width: (without V, Amps C US CERTIFIED fresh of combustion heating Ash track Top or front Woodburning adherence to clearance and Heat shield to reduce clearances. fresh of combustion heating Ash Top or front Installation: Woodburning to clearance and considerations. Heat shield to reduce clearances. HCBMR19 HCFDR20 HCTTDW Integrated Dishwasher Sweetheart (Woodburning) (Woodburning) HCBMR19 HCFDR20 fresh food Cowl Cowl HCDWI Integrated Dishwasher Cowl Cowl
Family of United States AGA MARVEL Street MI AGA MARVEL rights Printed The information based the of and to correct. nothing stated to as warranty, or implied, the of the information or the of or products. Products might appear exactly as shown Specifications and esthetics to without AGA MARVEL SOFA Airport Road, ON, L4V 1E8 www.agamarvel.com