and (MBK) (PMH) CASTINS-CSB CASTINS-CWL operating and tions included. Please this and of this heater. to follow these instructions property or death. or or other and the of this or other If to warranty. Comply with clearances to bustibles as specied. to comply house Tested and and shelled only. of other type of warranty. 250-7251F CASTILE PELLET INSERT DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow these tions tion and operation. WARNING CAUTION CAUTION this with and operation. CAREFULLY SUPERVISE children as children and to of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other building to MUST comply with and and regulations. fire officials or authorities about inspection, and O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. DO NOT DISCARD WARNING HOT! DO NOT TOUCH SEVERE BURNS MAY RESULT. CLOTHING IGNITION MAY RESULT. and other and cool CAUTION
Hearth welcomes to tradition of choosing of to and performance. This with research of the including of the Customer that Research and facility then the advanced to the of and old-fash- when to craftsmanship. meticulously and hand-nished and to completed as each inspection. From to fabrication, to and family years of the warmth and of hearth Thank choosing 250-7251F SAMPLE OF SERIAL NUMBER DATE OF MANUFACTURE LABEL LOCATION: the top ER C EE C RE C RE C CT C SE S. SEE TE STR CT S. closed. to cts stion o o C TTE C RS C ER. ES TS ET ES TE TS ES CE ST C CT C SER ES RES ETTE ET ES STR CT S. stion its #061-S-42-2 O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. U.S.A. DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL NE PAS ENLEVER TI UETTE AN FEB MAR APR MAY UNE ULY AU SEPT OCT NOV DEC SAMPLE OF CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLES LABEL LOCATION: On beaded right O-T Tested and Listed USA C US Inc. #061-S-42-2 BTU/HR. VAC, Amps, AMPS. Installation. This tested and with OAR through SAMPLE Tested to: ASTM E-1509-95, ULC S628-93, ULC /ORD-C1482-M1990 Heating (UM) 84-HUD FOR USE ONLY WITH PELLETIZED WOOD OR SHELLED FIELD CORN FUEL. Route from or front of MINIMUM CLEARANCES TO COMBUSTIBLE MATERIALS C Clearance To Exposed Section and MANTEL C SIDE WALL SERIAL NO. NUM RO DU RIE CASTILE PELLET INSERT U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ENCY This from EPA CFR Heater (A) Ratio"]. SAFETY LABEL AS BUILT-IN UNIT Top of Top/Rear C of Top/Rear C of Rear Top to Combustible Rear From Edge or Clearance to top to C top to Hearth from Hearth from of DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL by: North, WA
Section and A. Appliance Certications B. C. Specications D. E. BTU Specications Section Started A. Location Considerations B. C. D. E. Inspect Appliance, and Pre-Check Section Clearances A. Appliance B. Clearances to Built-In, UL and ULC C. Clearances to Clearance D. Protection E. Factory F. Removing of Factory Section Information A. Chimney B. Termination C. of D. Selection Chart Section A. Direct with B. Direct without C. with Section Section Appliance A. Top or Rear B. C D. Clearance E. F. G. H. Thermostat 250-7251F TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Instructions A. B. Information C. First D. First E. Characteristics F. Rate G. H. Section Troubleshooting Section Servicing Appliance A. Shutdown Procedures B. Reference Chart C. Cleaning D. High Ash E. F. G. Brick Section Reference A. B. Locations C. D. Service E. Service F. Homeowners Notes F. Warranty G. Information
and A. Appliance Certication MODEL: LABORATORY: OMNI Inc REPORT NO. 061-S-42-2 TYPE: STANDARD: ASTM E1509-95, ULC S628-93 and ULC/ORD-C1482-M1990 Heater and (UM) 84-HUD, B. This installations when and when combustion provided. The of the and The properly grounded to the of the and Class L or PL tion. C. Specications This with with Please NOTE: This with the of with the ASTM E1509-95, ULC S628-93, ULC/ORD-C-1482 and (UM) 84-HUD D. VAC, Amps, Amps 250-7251F E. BTU Specications *BTU Heating Capacity: to Capacity: or Shelled Corn *BTU the of NOTE: Hearth of this the right to its products, their specications and/or without
Started Location Considerations Appliance Location Consideration to and the fact that the and It to clearances and protection, actually the installation. If existing the location to clear the of and This ance or clearance to the instructions and clearance to this with building agency building UL specications and building that protection unexpectedly If please that building inspector and and installation. Thermostat Location The thermostats location the operation. the thermostat located to the slightly higher to the of the house If the thermostat location or higher the NOT this to servicing another NOT to or 250-7251F CAUTION B. the clearances to the You the clearance around the This around to allow heat from the Insulation this heat which NOTE: Clearances reduced the authority To reasonable the following should serious least each of to They should located from the heating and to the areas. Follow the and instructions, and to regularly. located Class fire extinguisher to with fires from burning consisting of least to with as follows: the of the house immediately. WARNING reading and operating instructions. to properly house
C. and building normally installation, existing Reciprocating Screwdriver Inspect and operation. NOT NOT NOT to Hearth responsibility and the warranty by, the following and of of the other than as instructed Hearth and/or of Hearth without assembling NOT such action that 250-7251F Self-Tapping Screws Straps WARNING WARNING D. Inspect Appliance and Pre-Use the location the and follow the below: the and the and the Inspect the and noticed. and lowed. This read. protection properly The clearances from the and to The inspected profes- and clean, or the factory built to the instructions and clearances. The the height. from the Plated wiped clean, Thermostat or outlet
and Clearances A. Appliance Top inch inch NOTE shown with 250-7251F Height
B. Clearance To UL and ULC Top of Top or Rear of Top or Rear C of Top to Combustible Top or Rear Edge Top or Rear INSTALLED AS BUILT-IN UNIT Shown Optional 250-7251F C Clearance To Exposed Section AS BUILT-IN Rear C WARNING Comply with clearances to as specied. to comply house NOTE: typical and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference.
C. and Clearance SIDE WALL D. Protection protection hearth from protection to the of E. and Clearance C 250-7251F MANTEL C to top to C top to to Location Rear Clearance C Height or hearth mount
F. of Factory-Built The (refractory), and from factory-built to shelves, shields and from factory-built attached with mechanical fas- The of the factory-built to the of the when inch the and the of The following as there of factory-built of to Measure and the With each corner. the 250-7251F If the of thin using the from the to the The to to the the the tory-built that the the You to notch to the cord. from to of from NOTE: that the tioned the the instructions to the
Information A. Chimney and Chimney Connector or inch type "L" or "PL" It or Home: with tions. or to Class or and/or INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. to the with least screws. with least screws through each NOTE: whenever with high (500F [260C] rated only). NOTE: If burning shelled corn, specically corn. Follow the tions from the LISTED used. NO OTHER used. or operation. HOT, burns touched. Non-combustible shielding or required. 250-7251F WARNING WARNING B. Termination terminate or such as or or closely fenced or location that of such as covered Termination It recommended that least inches of when directly through This which the of or the It from causing or people or to high The and to the vertically through the from and or or Not than inches below; Not than inches from; Not than inches from permanently closed Not than inches below, from or of termination and should inches This the and of The The of termination and should inches to inches This includes of the and Termination Location Service) clearance to the as clearance to corners. Clearance of termination below service the as clearance to softs. Clearance of termination service Location of the termination or with to the service. CAUTION
C. of The below the of which to D. Selection Chart The chart to the of and the of this tion. the of the of the chart. to the right the chart reach If below the or inch to used. If anywhere the inch required. The chart reveals that as to the of as foot of and foot of as restrictive as foot of 250-7251F of Elbow-Rear Termination installation, service or or property to the owners information with this ance. or information service agency or of of o Elbow or o Elbow This and to type. WARNING or or ALTITUDE IN THOUSANDS OF FEET
B. irect Without A. irect With through Rear Wall NOTE: typical installations and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference. combustion from: Wall, or cavity Enclosed such as or 250-7251F NOTE: allowed ULC S-628, ORD ULC C1482. NOTE; plate around and with insulation such as or high to to serviceability. CAUTION NOTE: where through or of the to CAN/CSA-B365. WARNING Inspection of Chimney: of NFPA Factory-built inch UL103 HT.
C. With NOTE; around and with insulation such as fiberglass, or high to to serviceability. 250-7251F below through the Ash Clean-Out of Chimney Termination Top through Rear Wall NOTE: clearances this type of to CAUTION building to MUST comply with and and ofcials or authori- about inspection, and NOTE: allowed ULC S-628, ORD ULC C1482.
A. You the combustion and clear of and/or It while the to which off The combustion of It clearance to and from the or the beneath the and The to the bolting to the the that the to the The grounded with grounding or terminated each with NEC grounding to clearances to and protection to and to effective the location where the or other to the the of the Follow the instructions when the with the (HUD) CFR comply with and (HUD), CFR 250-7251F WARNING WARNING of home: and/or NOT through: or that the integrity. CAUTION or
Appliance A. Top or Rear Top Release each the the installation. BOTH them. Rear the o and screws from the the o the using the screws provided. You to the screw to the o to the the to the below. NOTE sealed using whenever with high of C). Ammo Can Top Rear Rear 250-7251F screw B. The back to allow clearance boxes. top screws and screws. to height. (shorter) or to the Tighten top screws. the screws and screws. top screws and to height. and screws
C. Instructions Included of inch hose assembly, termination head screwdriver; or assembly to from to and location to to inch and to inch of house. hose to to and through back of and through the hose to termination with hose termination to to combustion from: Wall, or cavity such as or Hose Hose Assembly 250-7251F CAUTION Termination Assembly Hose D. Clearance Instructions NOTE: Assembled Item inch inch Top Interchangeable inch inch inch inch Plate
D. Clearance Includes: head screwdriver from and protective to scratching the clearance front and the the The shipped It to manually the which become the when the FIRST and then the front the right and the top the clearance footers. the assembled clearance the top and Turn right and top Clearance 250-7251F First OT Plate clearance of head screwdriver clearance to assembly Clearance
E. Included and right; top; Included and right; header; footers, and right; head screw from to scratch or the the protective covering to scratching the painted the to top with the screws the the of the top and each the the and header) the washer and the and together with screw. footers with screws. both and right from 28A, 28B and 28C and the top of the matching the mounting the with the the NOT assembled corners. It too heavy and the from Screw together 250-7251F CAUTION Screw together Mounting each to match with F. Included and screws; top screws; head screw the top to the with the screws the with the the assembled the assembled and the top of the matching the mounting the with the the Completed of of Top Screws of of "L" Bracket
G. Optional Instructions FRAGILE. when or cleaning the and the assembly. Positioning the the right as shown. There notch the of the clearance the thermocou- and thermocouple protection the around the as and to the the back of the where feed the Notch Thermocouple Cover NOTE: to the of the covered warranty. tion other than shown heat and the warranty. 250-7251F CAUTION the the The charred the turned the back, the The about inches the when It the to from the Top
H. Thermostat AC thermostat to this You the included mount thermostat or purchase optional thermostat or The included thermostat with heat The rating The to to the lowest mounting thermostat to follow thermostat instructions carefully. NOTE: Thermostat mounted readings. The thermostat should mounted and with the from the thermostat NOTE: If the thermostat located too to the to the slightly higher to the There screw located the tion to the of the The screws the thermostat wires. The the mounting screws the 250-7251F NOT grounding from directly properly grounded Route from NOT or front of eat CAUTION o o o tio o
Instructions A. from or by-products. If the they higher creating ash. containing higher and other such as turn when heated to the reaches. This what the of the from That why than others. inch or inch and should than inches from the which why the to occasionally. If than inches and/or greatly with than from to and possibly High or of the to and and burn with high heat from the and to cool the heat from the feed that whenever of once greatly reduce the of the feed to trying purchasing to satisfaction. High or of the to with and If the to the top, the and clean. to and Shelled Corn Shelled and using of and The operation; the feed and cleanings. The BTU output slightly to the of the used. where the to the 250-7251F WARNING B. Information Thermostat Heat The when the thermostat heat, light and heat. the to and the thermostat the light off and the The light located the Heat This with heat switch that three or burn rates; and high. The turn and off as the thermostat the thermostat heat, the High. burning the then the which originally If the of the to heat than it higher of the burn when the enough to the thermostat, the off. Heat Switch Ash NOT the vicinity. NOT charcoal or to or freshen this heater. such from the heater while Combustible WARNING and other and clear of Right
C. First properly and that to the protection, and thermostat instructions. that the and empty! the of the thermocouple, located the and that inch the the front of thermocouple with the of the thermocouple cover. Missed ignitions F. Rate D. Starting First thermostat of this corn. At this the with the thermostat to its lowest the The approximately though the thermostat heat. This the heat output switch the right the right of the to the HIGH and then the thermostat to its highest The light which located the top of the the right This the thermostat heat. The feed and the should to the once to the then This the feed and allow the to The to as as the thermostat heat. Once the ignited, burn then the thermostat to the the heat switch to the E. Characteristics properly with the heat switch HIGH active that of the inches If the with and somewhat the to reduced. If the inches increase the feed and The and somewhat. This 250-7251F CAUTION The factory and should The screw located the of the and the factory the the screw. the height too high or too to the feed the burning and feed to inch the wing the the to increase the and height or the to the and height. the wing Light Light Heat Switch Junction Cord Light Thermostat
G. Iginition each to the The once the The blower reached the This blower heat from the and to the thermostat heat the cooled Occasionally the of and this the light To the and the the the light Release the and the light back You should shortly. If follow the instructions First and released operation. Curing of high to H. caused expanding and contracting as heats and cools to the sound or heating This the or longevity of Ash This Clean the turned dirty. of ash. The burn ash, the higher The burns the clean- of the required. with and The feed to reduced or the cleaning. Heat or blower cleaning. or of from the airwash. Either the or there too and enough feed inch this This once the established. 250-7251F CAUTION ISSUES SOLUTIONS DO NOT LEAVE FIREPOT FLOOR OPEN WARNING NOT With Cleaning NOT than clearances to bustibles to Within or of
Troubleshooting Symptom Corrective Action to light of light Partially light or clean-out plate closed. 250-7251F With operation, and years of trouble-free service. If this troubleshooting service the of and the corrective action to This troubleshooting service technician. defective. tripped or switch closing, clean-out closed. ignition). clean-out plate closed. dirty. defective. dirty. amount of service or with blower and operating. switch hose clear and connected both thermocouple and properly. clean. front closed. that clean-out plate closed. Clean there the to with or other that clean-out plate closed. Clean there the to of with or other Scrape with of wire. to wires inch that clean-out closed. Clean there the to of with or other located
Symptom Corrective Action or and/or including heat and to of light. Appliance Appliance to light Turn thermostat off. off. If light thermostat wires from If light thermostat or wires 250-7251F switch closing. or turning with or Thermostat to high enough tripped. thermostat and/or Defective thermostat or thermostat with closed securely. blower and switch hose clear and connected both thermocouple and properly. clean. NOTE: High blowing the the causing of Empty of to from including feed feed screws and assembly. that screw tight of thermostat to thermostat and thermostat or NOTE: To thermostat and the thermostat the to by-pass thermostat and
Symptom Corrective Action Convection blower to light. blower to Blower or off. Black high shutdowns. Appliance heat. light blower feed or 250-7251F Blower Blower Blower with ash. Blower clean-out plate completely closed. amount of Defective thermocouple. Defective than Thermocouple or properly Defective Defective that blower ness. blower. that blower ness. Clean blower. Clean including heat and from to from top of Clean rear to that clean-out closed. feed feed located Increase located Clean and harness. thermocouple. instructions High Ash thermocouple or yellow light the with the thermocouple.
Servicing Appliance A. Shutdown Procedure and Turn thermostat, completely cool and blower off. servicing. cool of shock servicing B. Reference Chart Monthly Yearly Cleaning or Inspection Ash Every of OR Ash from More OR the type or build-up Beneath Heat Every ton of OR Blower, Combustion OR the type Blower, Convection More OR the type Inspection to heating season OR Path More OR build-up Season At of heating season OR Every OR Corn Every OR clear of OR becomes Heat Every ton of OR Every ton of or when OR Top More OR the type or build-up More OR the type 250-7251F CAUTION C. of the type of burning often to clean If the burning high or or burning shelled corn, to the than once to the when or non-burnable heated to C) and becomes C this section with high
Cleaning screw top right directly the top, With thumb, the to the the the as shown (The top to the protective to scratching the or the the other Top with to 250-7251F Right CAST SIDE Cleaning with Cleaning Scraper or often as Homeowner The shutdown and cool and the blower off. If cleaning the there to the cleaning OUT of to If to to clean-out to that built the plate of the and to to from the top of the Corn to The plate closed when nished. WARNING Ash from or build-up. Homeowner Allow the to completely cool There ashes the firebox cleaning. Turn the thermostat and then immediately off to the blower its It the instead of the cleaning of the the the build-up of the blower and There cleaning plates to the and right of the with both plates and the and the from the the this. This the as the The should every clean the to the and or of Ashes. NEVER cleaning or cleaning plates when operating. The cleaning plates CLOSED when operating. and or to of
Cleaning Ash or of Homeowner the the the and the straight Empty and of Ashes. Cleaning Heat Chambers Monthly or ton of Homeowner Heat cleaning to the wear heat cleaning while operating. cleaning IN when DO NOT cleaning OUT. The amount of the to should the heat Allow the to completely cool the cleaning Turn the thermostat and then immediately off to the blower its It the instead of the the front to the cleaning the directly the heat easy To clean, the straight inches the OUT and IN of WARNING of Ashes Ashes should with tight Ashes should retained closed thoroughly cooled. 250-7251F WARNING of Ashes Homeowner Ashes should with tight-tting The of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the thoroughly cooled. Cleaning Beneath Heat Monthly or burning ton of Homeowner the allowed to cool, and the blower off thorough cleaning to the that from the of the cleaning the heat The resting the back of the This the Please to of the NOTE: There heavy cleaners specically cleaning. Cleaning the Path Yearly or build-up. Homeowner Appliance completely cool. front right and thoroughly the and throughout the of the right and front Heat CLEANING RODS
Cleaning the Monthly or burning ton of Homeowner burning approximately ton of to the to build-up. of and the reduces the amount of supply to the This shutdowns and The shutdown. Allow the to completely cool Empty the of the and and Fly Ash: Formation Yearly or build-up. Service Technician/Homeowner the to cool, and the off. The products of combustion of ash. The the and the of the At there combustion, or there shutdown or incorrect operation of the to formation. This the The to cleaned least once or often the of or there of Ash the Cleaning the clear of the becomes Homeowner Appliance completely cleaning or cleaner. off with towel. NOT with cracked, or scratched. 250-7251F WARNING with Inspect the to NOT or scratch NOT with assembly NOT cleaners. white to instructions. Cleaning Convection Blower Yearly or as Service Technician The shutdown and completely cooled. both the and right of or as back as and liberally from both the blower. This or build-up the Cleaning Blower Yearly or as Service Inspection to heating season Homeowner The the the and should inspected to there NOTE: There the of CAUTION assembly with cleaning scratching or NOT when
Inspection Monthly or burning ton of Homeowner To inspect the the and that the to inch to from the It should of compaction the around the where the the of the Firebox Season Yearly Homeowner the allowed to cool, and the off. from the and thoroughly. including cast-iron. the with the or; Purchase from high-temperature cially heating and High or of to Follow shutdown to and 250-7251F WARNING D. High Ash the build-up than the Homeowner or of that the with ashes and This the to the with which and shows where the back the and the and of burning of caused shown The when shown If the the the IMMEDIATE ATTENTION AND CLEANING IS REQUIRED. Incorrect Correct Correct Yellow/White
E. Bracket Screw the turning the thermostat and the completely cool the cooled and the The leads to the connected to the with inch These wires to to the and the from the chamber. the screw and the chamber and the screw. the wires to the leads with the the right and the leads back the of the to the to inches to previously pulled This the wires of the of the that the wires clear of cleaning cleaning the and then the and the 250-7251F F. and assembly off from the and screwdriver, the of the to of the The top of the the from the and the other and with the the top and then the with the the The with the to WARNING thick high heat- DO NOT REPLACE with other shatter and with the this first the
G. Brick Follow shutdown procedures The top the that the top of the There the right that the the top the back Then back the front clears the that resting The top the right and the right top of and then back. to the right with the the of the and Right Brick 250-7251F right Right Brick Brick right the right and then to the the the The the back and notches the slightly and the right of the and then both top and notches of right and and top front the and Then the and the top of the right to the the of the the top of The completely cover the top of the There the as shown Brick back Notches
Brick and notches 250-7251F right
A. Function The located right of top of the There light located of the The internal light turn when the reached of C) the o C). and when reaches There internal light located the of the the the light every seconds seconds and then NOTE: NOT the This the warranty. If to or the the Convection Blower The blower mounted the of the There each of the The blower heated through the heat the Blower The blower mounted the right of the the right The blower to the from the and through the The feed located the right and as assembly. The assembly includes the mounting and The hollow feed the feed from the and them the the The of high and cleaning The of the cleaning when the that the to completely closed or properly. The located the right the The should and off to the 250-7251F Reference the location of AS YOU FACE THE FRONT OF THE APPLIANCE. Heat The heat heat from the There located the heat Heat Switch The heat switch located the right of the right the The function of the heat switch to the burn and high The mounted the of the Combustion the creating heated that the Junction The located right of the The and as The outlet located the right of the the thermostat the the the grounded and the polarity. recommended. operating with least of or with least of the the Light The light located the the right The function of the light to that the thermostat heat. The located the right of right and below the heat switch. The function of the switch to momentarily the thermostat which the Thermocouple The thermocouple located top of the the thermocouple cover protection The thermocouple to the indicating the of the and lights obtained. Thermostat The to AC thermostat. The heat should the lowest
(Convection Blower) 110F located the right of the the light. There wires connected to This the blower and off as 250F located the back of the There and connected to This off the feed which off the should or the blower should to If this the with Protector) 250F mounted the back of the the of the and To the right If the to back the feed or the this the off. This manually Thermocouple Selector Switch Black White Black Black White Black Black 250-7251F Thermostat Block Light Switch The switch located the back of the This switch the feed when the The switch to off the the or the heat or or the below White Convection Blower Blower
B. Locations Convection Blower Blowers 250-7251F Blower Heat Cleaning Heat eat CLEANING RODS o o tio o o
C. July, GLASS SIZE: high Assembly Assembly 250-7251F Item Screw PH PHL MS ZC Screw TH PHL Assembly Assembly Item Assy Bracket Screw Thermocouple Thermocouple Thermocouple Cover SRV414-5200 SRV7000-226
Cast, Brick, Top/Rear Brick, Blower, Convection Cast, Right Junction Assembly Cast, Footer, Right Switch Cast, Right Top Right Assembly Interchangeable Blower, Top Top 250-7251F
D. Service and IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. The information located the supply and to service Item Alphabetical Ash Assembly UK-30KPEL Blower, Convection Blower, with Housing SRV414-0610 Brick, Brick, Cast, (interchangeable) Light, SRV7000-122 (Includes to thermostat and owners warranty and How-to-Operate DVD SRV7000-205 Assembly with Assembly Cast, Black 414-0040BK Cast, (specify 414-0040POR Cast, 414-0040PWD Assembly Bracket Assembly Plate Assembly EZ Clean SRV414-5200 Junction Blower (Round White) blower housing Assembly with Assembly, (interchangeable) Heat Switch, Switch), Top Assembly, Top Assembly, Right (Heating SRV7000-226 Junction SRV414-0720 Bracket SRV7000-140 250-7251F MBK: PMH: CCR: CLG: CME: CSB: CWL:
Item Alphabetical SKU Cord Cast, Black 414-0050BK Cast, Porcelain, 414-0050POR Cast, 414-0050PWD SRV7000-268 Thermocouple Thermocouple, inches Thermocouple Screw of Cast, Black 414-0060BK Top Cast, 414-0060POR Cast, 414-0060PWD Switch, SRV7000-447 Item Accessories, Alphabetical Hearth Support, inches inches, inches to inches high ADJSPT-12 (to cover with with Thermostat, Mechanical Thermostat, Cast, Black, MBK Cast, Porcelain, PMH Cast, TR-CAST-CSB Cast, Willow TR-CAST-CWL Clearance Item Appliance Black Porcelain, CASTINS-CSB Willow CASTINS-CWL 250-7251F
E. Service of Service of Service 250-7251F
E. Service of Service of Service 250-7251F
F. Homeowners Notes 250-7251F
G. Warranty Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY Hearth (HHT) and its respective the following warranty HHT and purchased from authorized HHT and the United States of America or Warranty with of purchase the as noted Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA years Refractory years years years Firebox, HHT Chimney, years years Heat years Refractory Heat CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This warranty to the and to years from of purchase to the homeowner, the purchase through authorized or of HHT, and the its of installation. The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the HHT or caused the cleaning and temporary repairs, or the to the the covered this warranty. This warranty to or include the or terminations, or other and/or of the or covered this warranty. from or of and related to this covered this warranty. 4021-645A 250-7251F Igniters, and Blowers Conditions, and and as covered Conditions, and
Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY HHTs obligation this warranty to from: installation, or of the with the instructions; operating instructions and the furnished with the which comply with building operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the or such as or forced or other such of other than those the operating instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT; and/or of the autho- and HHT writing. This warranty apply to hearth or other with the of this This warranty the or operated atmospheres or other chemicals the to prolonged of or or there to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or installation. HHTs this warranty to the and of or workmanship the HHT of its obligations such the HHTs covered this warranty. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. This Warranty effective HHT and and currently If warranty service should If the to or the authorized HHT or 250-7251F
Please with or the of please SERIAL NUMBER: DATE PURCHASED: DATE INSTALLED: This covered or of the following (United States) 6688302B2, 6715724B2, D320652, D445174, D462436; or other U.S. and 250-7251F Hearth North WA of HNI INDUSTRIES Records CAUTION NOT this operating and instructions included. Read, and follow these tions and operation. this with and operation. WHERE PURCHASED: TELEPHONE: