and SANTAFE-B1 operating and tions included. Please this and of this heater. to follow these instructions property or death. or or other and the of this or other If to feed warranty. Comply with clearances to bustibles as specified. to comply house fire. Tested and and shelled field only. of other type of warranty. 7001-142D SANTA FE PELLET STOVE DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow these tions tion and operation. WARNING CAUTION CAUTION this with and operation. CAREFULLY SUPERVISE children as and to of high NOT with protective or clothing, and other building to MUST comply with and and fire officials or authorities about installation inspection, and O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. DO NOT DISCARD WARNING HOT! DO NOT TOUCH SEVERE BURNS MAY RESULT. CLOTHING IGNITION MAY RESULT. and other and cool CAUTION
Hearth welcomes to tion of choosing of to quality, ity, and performance. This with research of the including of the Customer products that Research and facility then the advanced to the of O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. Installation. This tested and with OAR through ASTM E1509, ORD-C-1482-M199 Heating ype, APFI, (UM) 84-HUD FOR USE ONL WITH PELLETIZED WOOD OR SHELLED FIELD CORN FUEL. VAC, Amps, AMPS Route from or front of DANGER: of shock. supply servicing. only with from o thermostat the light automatically. o shutdown, thermostat to below further instruction to owner's and tightly closed operation. *H If heate and to the as indicated. Measure front (I) from the of the If the thickness H* Non-combustible protection the when with or the with installation. RECOMMENDED IN USA; REQUIRED IN CANADA North WA 7001-142D SAMPLE: CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLES LABEL LOCATION: of CAUTION HOT WHILE IN OPERA TION DO NOT TOUCH, KEEP CHILDREN, CLOTHING AND FURNITURE AWA CONTACTMA CAUSESKINBURNS. SEENAMEPL TE ANDINSTRUCTIONS. Operatethisunitwithfuelhopperlidclosed. Failuretodosomayresultinemissionsproducts'combustionfromthe the TTENTION: CHAUDLORS DE L'OPRA TION. NE AS OUCHER. GARDEZLES ENFANTS ET LES VTEMENTSLOIN DE L'ESP ACEDSIGNDE L'INST ALL TION.LE CONT ACT PEUT CAUSERDESBRLURES PEAU. VOIRL'TIQUETTE ET LESINSTRUCTIONS. combustion 061-S-53-2 FLOOR PROTECTION PROTECTION DU SOL U.S. ENVIRONMEN TA PROTECTION AGENC This from CFR Heater (A) Ratio"] JAN FEB MAR APR JUNE JU AUG SEPT OCT NOV DE C DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABE NE AS ENLEVER L'TIQUETT and fireplaces. old-fash- ioned when to craftsmanship. and hand-finished and to completed as each inspection. and family years of the and of hearth Thank choosing type OAR ASTM E1509-95, ORD-C 1482-M1990 Heating. ype, APFI, (UM) 84-HUD POUR USAGE VEC LES BOULETTES DE BOIS OU DE COMBUSTIBLE DE MAIS COSS DES CHAMPS. VAC, Courir Amps, DANGER: service. allumer, thermostat thermostat instructions (I) incombustible *Un incombustiblede TATS-UNIS-RE COMMAND CANAD REQUIRENT. SERIA NO. NUMRO DU
Section and A. Appliance B. C. Specifications D. E. BTU Efficiency Specifications Section Started A. Location Considerations B. C. D. Measuring E. Inspect Appliance and Pre-Use Section Clearances A. Appliance B. Clearances to C. Hearth Section Information A. B. Termination C. of D. Selection Chart Section A. B. Through the C. D. Through the Wall E. F. Section Section Appliance A. B. Top C. D. E. Thermostat Section Instructions A. B. Information C. First D. Starting First E. Characteristics F. Rate G. H. 7001-142D TABLE OF CONTENTS Section Troubleshooting Section Servicing Appliance A. Cleaning B. High Ash C. Blower D. E. Brick F. Brick G. Section Reference A. B. Locations C. D. Service E. Service F. Warranty G. Information
and A. Appliance Laboratory: OMNI Inc. 061-S-05-2 ASTM E1509-95 and ULC S627-00, ULC/ORD-C1482- M1990 Heater type and (UM) 84-HUD, Approved. State of B. This installations when and when combustion provided. The integrity of the and The properly grounded to the of the and only Class L or PL installation. C. Specifications This with only with Please NOTE: This installation with the of comply with the ASTM E1509-95, ULC S627-00, ULC/ORD-C-1482- M1990, (UM) 84-HUD, D. VAC, Amps, Amps 7001-142D E. BTU Efficiency Specifications *BTU Heating Capacity: to Capacity: or Shelled Corn *BTU the of NOTE: Hearth of this the right to its products, their and/or without
Started Location Considerations Appliance Location Consideration to flow, and the fact that the and It to clearances and protection, actually the installation. If existing the location to clear the of and This ance vertically or specified clearance to the instructions and clearance to this with building agency installation. building UL specifications and building that protection unexpectedly If installation, please that building inspector and and Thermostat Location The thermostats location the operation. the thermostat located to the slightly higher to the of the house If the thermostat location or higher near the NOT this to servicing another NOT to or 7001-142D CAUTION B. the clearances to Insulation the You the clearance around the This around to allow heat from the Insulation this heat which NOTE: Clearances reduced the authority To reasonable fire the following should serious least each of to They should located from the heating and to the areas. Follow the and instructions, and to regularly. located Class fire extinguisher to with fires from burning consisting of least to with fire as follows: the of fire: the house immediately. fire WARNING reading and operating instructions. to properly house fire.
C. and building normally installation, existing fireplace: Reciprocating Screwdriver Inspect and operation. NOT NOT NOT to Hearth responsibility and the warranty by, the following and of of the other than as instructed Hearth and/or of Hearth without assembling without attached with NOT such action that fire 7001-142D Self-Tapping Screws Straps WARNING WARNING D. Inspect Appliance and Pre-Use the location the and follow the below: the and the and the Inspect the and noticed. and lowed. This read. protection properly The clearances from the and to The inspected profes- and clean, or the factory built to the instructions and clearances. The the from the Plated clean, Thermostat or installed. outlet nearby.
and Clearances A. Appliance Top with Top 7001-142D CL with CL CL with with base)
B. Clearances to (UL and ULC) Straight Wall Wall to Appliance Wall to Appliance Corner C to Appliance Installations with: to inch Top and to inch Wall to Wall to Top Wall to Appliance Corner to Appliance Wall to 7001-142D C Height Wall C to Corner of Top NOTE: typical and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference. CL WARNING Comply with clearances to as specified. to comply house fire.
C. Hearth (UL and ULC) protector, beneath and to the front, and as indicated. front M from the of the Hearth L* *L Installations: USA INSTALLATIONS If optional and to the front and back of as shown Protection Measure front (M) from the of the If the tor inch thickness protection beneath the recommended with or the top with installation. CANADA INSTALLATIONS tection beneath the with or the top with installation. 7001-142D L* inches each of
Information A. and Chimney Connector or inch type "L" or "PL" It vertically or Home: If using the inch Top or the to inch Top with installations. The inch Top and the to inch Top tested to or to Class or Internationalt Conference of Building (ICBO) INSTALL VENT AT CLEARANCES SPECIFIED BY THE VENT MANUFACTURER. to the with least screws. with least screws through each NOTE: whenever with high (500F [260C] rated only). NOTE: If burning shelled field corn, specifically corn. Follow the instructions from the LISTED used. NO OTHER used. or operation. HOT, burns touched. Noncombustible shielding or required. 7001-142D WARNING WARNING B. Termination terminate or such as or or closely fenced or location that of such as covered Termination It recommended that least inches of when directly through This which the of or the It from causing or people or to high The and to the through the from and or or Not than inches below; Not than inches from; Not than inches from permanently closed Not than inches below; from or of termination and should inches This the and of The The of termination and should inches to inches This includes of the and Termination Location Service) clearance to the as clearance to corners. Clearance of termination below service the as clearance to sof- fits. Clearance of termination service inches Location of the termination or with to the service. CAUTION
C. of The below the of which to D. Selection Chart The chart to the of and the of this installation. the of the of the chart. to the right the chart reach If below the or inch to used. If anywhere the inch required. The chart reveals that as restrictive to the flow of as foot of and foot of as as foot of 7001-142D of Elbow-Rear Termination installation, service or or property to the owners information with this ance. or information service agency or of of o Elbow or o This and to type. or or ALTITUDE IN THOUSANDS OF FEET WARNING
A. C 7001-142D Height C To Wall to NOTE: typical installations and FOR DESIGN PURPOSES ONLY. to to preference.
B. Through The Wall termination of inches. from the or inch L or PL or and homes. 7001-142D Straight From shows both Choose which installation. Wall Thimble NOTE: where through or of the to CAN/CSA-B65 Non-combustible Hearth Termination Wall Thimble shows both Choose which installation. Wall Thimble
C. Flashing Firestop Non-combustible Hearth D. Through The Wall 7001-142D to Top Cleanout Cover Class Chimney Connector Connector of however the Both installations installations. or inch to L or PL or and homes. only. Flashing Bracket every Wall Thimble Cleanout Non-combustible Hearth
E. F. 7001-142D Inspection of Chimney: of NFPA Factory-built inch UL10 HT. clearance with firestop Non-combustible Hearth clearance clearance with firestop Non-combustible Hearth WARNING Fireclay with Fireclay with Flashing clearance Sheathing Cleanout Airtight Cleanout Flashing Sheathing Airtight cleanout
A. You the combustion and clear of and/or It while the to which off The combustion of It clearance to and from the or the beneath the and The to the bolting to the the that the to the The grounded with grounding or terminated each with NEC to Clearances to and tection to and to effective the location where the or other to the the of the Follow the instructions when the with the (HUD) CFR with and (HUD), CFR 7001-142D WARNING WARNING of and/or NOT through: or that would the integrity. combustion from: Wall, or cavity such as or Shield/Firestop Class L or PL CAUTION CAUTION Flashing
Appliance A. Instructions Included of inch foot hose assembly, termination screws. assembly and assembly already head screwdriver; cutters; or from to and location to to inch and to inch of house. hose to to assembly. and through hose to termination with hose termination to to combustion from: Wall, or cavity Enclosed such as or 7001-142D CAUTION Termination Assembly Hose Hose Hose Assembly
B. Top to inch Top to inch Top the Top of high the inch the top the outlet and the assembly to with the back of the the shield as the assembly the mounting screws. with through the outlet using the already the the top as the screws. the the top to To the top the clean-out cover. to to Top each as 7001-142D Rear C. Rear and to Top Rear to Top o of high the inch the the outlet and the assembly to the the the to back of and with screws, each Clean-Out Clean-Out Rear Clean-Out Cover
Rear D. Optional Instructions FRAGILE. when or cleaning NOTE: to the of fire, the covered warranty. tion other than shown heat and the warranty. PIECE LOG SET INSTALLATION the right as shown. There notch the of the clearance the thermocouple and thermocouple cover protection the around the as and to the the back of the firebox where feed the Notch Thermocouple 7001-142D CAUTION the top the It about inches the when Notice the of the top as the to from the The charred the back of the top the back, the front. OPTIONAL TOP LOG
E. Optional or the Included Required: head screwdriver While holding to screws from and existing screws that screws through the and Locating screws the each the Included Required: head screwdriver, wrench or with the or off the ance. the to from and causing the top of the foward the top clears the then the the locating screws the completely of the 7001-142D screws the face-down protective coating to scratching. the from the back of the and the and Turn the front the Starting with straight of the the the the first their the of the the and the to the back included the and gently them. and to and the top clear the locating screws of with straight
F. Thermostat AC thermostat to this You the included mount thermo- or purchase optional thermostat or It with heat The rating The to to the lowest mounting thermostat to follow thermostat instructions NOTE: Thermostat mounted readings. The thermostat should mounted and with the NOTE: If the thermostat located too to the to the slightly higher to the There screw located the back of the directly the The screws the thermostat wires. Shock NOT grounding from directly properly grounded Route from NOT or front of ance. TERMINAL BLOCK CENTER SCREWS FOR THERMOSTAT WIRES POWER OUTLET 7001-142D CAUTION
Instructions A. from or by-products. If the they higher creating ash. containing higher and other such as turn when heated to the reaches. This what the of the from That why than others. inch or inch and should than inches from the which why the feed to occasionally. If burn than inches and/or greatly with than from to and possibly High or of the to and and fires. with high heat from the and to cool the heat from the that whenever of once greatly reduce the of the feed to However, trying purchasing to satisfaction. Shelled Corn factory and field testing shelled field to and the of of and The only operation that the feed The BTU of the slightly to the of the used. where the to the fire 7001-142D WARNING High or of the to with and If the to the top, immediately the and clean. to and B. Information Thermostat Heat The when the thermostat heat, light and heat. the to and the thermostat satisfied, the light off and the Heat This with heat switch that three or and high. The and off as the thermostat the thermostat heat, the the which If the of the to heat than higher of the when the enough to the thermostat, the off. NOT the vicinity. NOT charcoal or to or freshen fire this heater. such from the heater while Combustible Heat Switch WARNING and other and clear of High
C. properly and that to the fire protection, and thermostat instructions. that the and firebox empty! the of the thermocouple, located the and that inch the the front IMPORTANT DETAIL: The of the thermocouple with the of the thermocouple cover. The feed factory and should the height too high or too to the the burning and feed to D. Starting First thermostat operation of this corn. At this the with the thermostat to its lowest the The blower approximately though the thermostat heat. This the heat switch mounted the back of the the right corner. Turn to the high the top of the switch and then the thermostat to its highest the right and the light located to the of the This the thermostat heat. The feed and the should first fire to the once and This the feed and allow the to The to as as the thermostat heat. Once the ignited, approximately then the thermostat to the the heat switch to the 7001-142D Light E. Characteristics properly fire with the heat switch high active that of the approximately inches If the fire with and somewhat the feed to reduced. This the which reduce the feed. If the fire the to increase the feed. and shorter The and somewhat. This F. Rate Instructions the screw to of This allow of the feed re-tighten screw. the the feed the to increase the and height or the to the feed and height. Re-tighten the wing Screw
G. Iginition each to the firebox. The once the fire The burning This blower heat from the and to the thermostat heat the cooled Occasionally the of and this the light To the and the the the light Release the and the light back You should fire shortly. If follow the instructions of Starting and released operation. Curing of high to H. caused expanding and contracting as heats and cools to the sound or heating This the operation or longevity of Ash This Clean the turned dirty. of ash. The ash, the higher The burns the clean- of the required. with and The feed to reduced or the cleaning. Heat or blower cleaning. or of from the airwash. Either the or there too and enough feed inch this This once the fire established. 7001-142D CAUTION ISSUES SOLUTIONS of DO NOT LEAVE FIREPOT FLOOR OPEN WARNING NOT With Cleaning plates NOT than clearances to bustibles to Within or
Troubleshooting Symption Corrective Action to light fire. of light fire. Partially light fire. or clean-out closed. 7001-142D With operation, and years of trouble-free service. If this troubleshooting service the of and the corrective action to This troubleshooting service technician. tripped or defective. switch closing, clean-out closed. ignition). clean-out closed. dirty. dirty. amount of service or with blower and operating. switch hose clear and connected both thermocouple and properly. clean. front closed. that clean-out plate closed. Clean there the to with or other that clean-out closed. Clean there the to of with or other Scrape with of wire. to wires inch that clean-out closed. Clean there the to of with or other using feed located
Symptom Corrective Action includ- or and/or firebox, heat blower and to of light. Unit Unit to off. light Turn thermostat off. If light thermostat wires from If light thermostat or wires 7001-142D switch or turning with feed or Thermostat to high enough tripped. thermostat and/or Defective thermostat or thermostat with closed securely. blower and switch hose clear and connected both thermocouple and properly. clean. NOTE: High the the firebox causing of of to from including feed screws and assembly. that screw tight of thermostat to thermostat and thermostat or NOTE: To thermostat and the thermostat the to by-pass thermostat and
Symptoms Corrective Action Convection blower to blower to Blower or off. Black quality, high shutdowns. Appliance heat. light or 7001-142D Blower Blower Blower with ash. Blower clean-out plate completely closed. amount of Defective thermocouple. Defective than Thermocouple or properly Defective that blower ness. blower. that blower ness. Clean blower. Clean including heat and from firebox to from top of Clean to that clean-out plate closed. feed located Increase located Clean feed and thermocouple. instructions High Ash thermocouple or flashing light the with the thermocouple.
A. Shutdown Procedure Shock and Turn thermostat, completely cool and blower off. servicing. cool of shock servicing Follow the instructions found this section each as referenced the chart below B. Reference Chart Monthly Yearly Cleaning or Inspection Ash Every of OR Ash from More OR the type or build-up Beneath Heat Every ton of OR Blower, Combustion More OR the type Blower, Convection More OR the type Inspection to heating season OR Path OR build-up Firebox Season At of heating season OR Every OR Corn Every OR clear of OR becomes Heat Every ton of OR Every ton of or when OR Top More OR the type or build-up More OR the type 7001-142D Servicing Appliance CAUTION C. of the type of burning often to clean If the burning high or or burning shelled field corn, to clean the than once to the when or non-burnable heated to C) and becomes C this section with high
Cleaning with Cleaning Scraper or often as Homeowner The shutdown and cool and the blower off. If cleaning the there to the cleaning OUT of to If to to clean-out to that built the plate of the and to to from the top of the Corn to The closed when finished. WARNING NEVER cleaning or cleaning plates when The cleaning CLOSED when and fire or to of Ash from or build-up. Homeowner Allow the to completely cool There ashes the firebox cleaning. Turn the thermostat and then immediately off to the blower its It the instead of the cleaning of the the firebox the build-up of the blower and Directly the firebox and to the and right of the cleaning both plates and then the the from the firebox the this. Directly the firebox and to the and right of the cleaning both plates and then the the from the firebox the this. 7001-142D This the as the The should the firebox. to the and or of Ashes. Cleaning Ash or of Homeowner the the the and the straight Empty and of Ashes. of Ashes Homeowner Ashes should with tight-fitting The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. WARNING The cleaning plates CLOSED when operating. and fire. WARNING of Ashes Ashes should with tight Ashes should retained closed thoroughly cooled.
Cleaning Heat Chambers Monthly or every ton of Homeowner Heat cleaning to the wear heat cleaning while cleaning IN when DO NOT cleaning OUT. The amount of the to often should the heat Allow the to completely cool the cleaning Turn the thermostat and then immediately off to the blower its It the instead of the the hinged to the cleaning the directly the heat easy To clean, the straight inches the OUT and IN of Heat Cleaning Beneath Heat Monthly or burning ton of Homeowner the to cool, and the off thorough cleaning to the that from the of the cleaning the heat 7001-142D WARNING Cleaning Cleaning Beneath Heat The resting the back of the This the Please to of the NOTE: There heavy cleaners specifically cleaning. Cleaning the Path or build-up. Homeowner Appliance completely right and thoroughly the and throughout the of the firebox. right and Cleaning the Monthly or burning ton of Homeowner burning ton of to the to build-up. of and the reduces the amount of supply to the This shutdowns and The shutdown. Allow the to completely cool Empty the of the and feed
and Fly Ash: Formation Yearly or build-up. Qualified Service Technician/Homeowner the to cool, and the off. The products of combustion of ash. The the and the flow of the At there combustion, or there shutdown or incorrect of the to formation. This the The to cleaned least once year or often the of or there of Ash the Cleaning the clear of the becomes Homeowner Appliance completely cool cleaning or cleaner. off with towel. assembly with cleaning scratching or NOT when NOT cleaners. white to instructions. NOT with cracked, or scratched. 7001-142D CAUTION WARNING with Inspect the to NOT or scratch NOT with assembly Inspection to heating season Homeowner The the the and firebox should inspected to there Cleaning Blower or as Qualified Service Cleaning Convection Blower Yearly or as Qualified Service Cleaning the Top The and the blower should off. Allow the to completely cool the cover. build-up. NOTE: There heavy cleaners cleaning. Season Homeowner the allowed to cool, and the blower off. from the firebox and thoroughly. exposed including cast-iron. the with the or; Purchase from high-temperature cially heating Clean
B. High Ash Homeowner or of that the with ashes and This the to the with which and fires. shows where the back the and the firebox. and of burning of caused shown The when quality, shown If the the the IMMEDIATE ATTENTION AND CLEANING IS REQUIRED. High or of the to with and If the to the top, immediately the and clean. to and 7001-142D WARNING Ash Correct Yellow/White Incorrect Correct
C. Blower Blower Convection Blower Turn the thermostat, completely cool and then servicing. The Convection Blower located the the of the the right releasing from the back and then to the front and off of the to the holding the wires and then the and wires. to wires together. right Convection Blower 7001-142D of and Blower blower of the locating and Turn the thermostat, completely cool and then servicing. both the and leaving wires attached. the from the screws the top, the and screws the the top. both to the the screws holding the switch hose and and white wires from the switch. the screws holding the Disconnect the white and from the blower. There plate the blower. the screws the and the the blower and screws, each Junction Screws of Rear
NOTE Combustion Blower Turn the thermostat, completely cool and then servicing. the the screws the top and both that the right the the hose and and wires from the switch. the white and wires from the blower. the from the screws the top, the and screws the the top. the that the top screws to the the the right releasing from the back and then to the front and off of the the and leaving wires attached. screws each of the the cover and then the to the and with the attached. the combustion blower and wires from to the from the The of the the feed NOTE: You to the wing enough, the terclockwise and from screws each 7001-142D Convection and and back to tion the the the feed Tighten the and the wires to the combustion blower and the cover with and to the right to the white wires to the blower. the and then the rear the switch wires and the them the front first, the and the back. Bracket Wires to counterclockwise once With rotated reach and and
D. E. Brick the turning the thermostat and the completely cool the cooled and the The leads to the connected to the with inch Disconnect the and the from the chamber. screw and the chamber and tighten screw. the wires to the leads with the that the clear of cleaning cleaning the and and the 7001-142D Screw Appliance completely cool. and the top of of firebox The to the right the notch the right the of the notch and The of the that the top of the This off. right and then to the cleaning. right
F. Brick right the right and then to the the the The the back and the notches exposed. the right of the and the the notches both top and of right top front of firebox and then the and notch the right to the of the the top of The completely the top of the fire- There as shown back 7001-142D from front of and Notches Brick, and notches Right Brick of
G. thick high heat- DO NOT REPLACE with other shatter and injury. the and from the off of and screwdriver, the of the to of the The top of the the from the and the other and with the the top first, and then the with the the The with the to it 7001-142D WARNING this first the with the
Reference A. Function The located right of the right and the switch. There light located of the The internal light when the reached of o C) the o C). and turn when reaches There internal light located the of the the the light seconds and then NOTE: NOT the This the warranty. If to or the first the Convection Blower The blower mounted the of the There each of the The blower heated through the heat the Blower The blower mounted the right of the The blower to the from the and through the The located the right of the and as assembly. The assembly includes the mounting and feed The hollow the feed from the and them the the The of high and cleaning The of the cleaning when the that the to completely closed or properly. The located the front of the to the light. The should and off to the 7001-142D the location of AS YOU FACE THE FRONT OF THE APPLIANCE. Heat The heat from the the top to the heat There located the heat Heat Switch The heat switch located the right The function of the heat switch to the burn and high The mounted the of the Combustion the creating heated that the Junction The located the right of the the right The and as The outlet located the the back of the corner. Check the the grounded and the polarity. recommended. Light The light the of the to the The function of the light to that the thermostat heat. The located the back of the the right below the heat switch. The function of the to momentarily the thermostat which the Thermocouple The thermocouple located top of the the thermocouple cover protection The thermocouple to the indicating the of the and lights obtained. Thermostat The to AC thermostat. The heat should the lowest
(Convection Blower) 110F located the right of the the of the heat There wires connected to This the blower and off as 250F located the back of the There wires connected to This off the feed which off the should or the blower should to If this the Protector) 250F mounted the back of the the of the and To the right If the fire to back Thermocouple 3/C 5/E 7/H 12/N White Black Black Black Black 7001-142D Thermostat Heat Switch Light the or the feed this the off. This manually Switch The switch located the right of the right This switch the when the firebox. The switch to off the the or the heat or or the firebox below. Switch Convection Combustion Blower EMI 250V 3A
B. Locations Light 7001-142D Junction TERMINAL BLOCK CENTER SCREWS FOR THERMOSTAT WIRES POWER OUTLET Convection Blower Blower Switch Heat Switch Heat Cleaning High
C. Assembly Assembly 7001-142D Item Assembly Assembly Screw, PH PHL MS ZC Screw, Assembly Assembly Item Thermocouple SRV7000-462 SRV414-5200 Cleaning Bracket Screw Thermocouple Thermocouple,
Item Item Item Assembly Ash Clean-Out Plate Blower, Thermocouple Switch Curtain, Ash Assembly Assembly Base, Brick Top to inches (optional accessory Top to Cleaning (optional accessory Assy (Accessory Item or Transition Curtain, Assembly Assembly Blower, Convection or 7001-142D
D. Service and IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. please name/number and to from authorized Item Service Ash Catcher Ash Assembly Assembly UK-0KPEL Blower, Convection Blower, with housing Brick, Brick, Right, (interchangeable) SRV7000-205 Curtain, Curtain, Assembly with Assembly Assembly, Assembly, Assembly SRV7001-046 Assembly EZ Clean SRV414-5200 Assembly Heat Switch Switch) Assembly SRV7000-462 Junction SRV7001-194 Cord SRV7000-268 Thermocouple Thermocouple Cover Thermocouple, inches Top Assembly Switch 7001-142D
IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. please name/number and to from authorized LVGRL-SF-GD LVGRL-SF-NL (to cover Iron Rear Rear to Top Top to inch Top to inch Thermostat, Mechanical Thermostat, DT-SF-GD DT-SF-NL 7001-142D Accessory
E. Service of Service of Service 7001-142D
F. Warranty Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY Hearth (HHT) and its respective the following warranty HHT and purchased from authorized HHT and the United States of America or Warranty with of purchase the as noted Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA years Refractory years years years Firebox, HHT Chimney, years years Heat years Refractory year Heat CONDITIONS, EXCLUSIONS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This warranty to the and to years from of purchase to the homeowner, the purchase through authorized or of HHT, and the its of installation. The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the HHT or the cleaning and temporary repairs, or the to the the covered this warranty. This warranty to or include the or terminations, firebrick, or other and/or of the firepots, or firebox covered this warranty. 4021-645A 7001-142D Igniters, and Blowers Conditions, and and as covered Conditions, and
Hearth LIMITED WARRANTY from or of and related to this covered this warranty. HHTs this warranty to from: operation or of the with the instructions; operating instructions and the furnished with the which comply with build- operation, or repairs; or caused tight of the or such as or forced or other such of other than those specified the operating instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT; and/or of the authorized and HHT writing. This warranty apply to hearth or other with the of this This warranty the or operated atmospheres or other chemicals the to prolonged of or or there to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or HHTs this warranty to the and of or workmanship the HHT of its obligations such warranties the HHTs covered this warranty. allow or of or those apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. This Warranty effective HHT and and currently If warranty service should If the to or the authorized HHT or 4021-645A 7001-142D
Please with or the of SERIAL NUMBER: DATE PURCHASED: DATE INSTALLED: This covered or of the following (United States) 668802B2, 6715724B2, D20652, D445174, D46246; or other U.S. and 7001-142D CONTACT INFORMATION Hearth North WA of HNI INDUSTRIES Records SANTA FE PELLET STOVE CAUTION NOT this operating and instructions included. Read, and follow these tions and operation. this with and operation. WHERE PURCHASED: TELEPHONE: