operating and instructions included. DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow these instructions and operation. children CAREFULLY SUPERVISE as and to of high clothing, and other Heat CAUTION this with and operation. WARNING HOT! DO NOT TOUCH SEVERE BURNS MAY RESULT. CLOTHING IGNITION MAY RESULT. and other operation and cool and DISCARD DO NOT
Congratulations selecting Heat The Heat selected to the and the owner of to and follow of the instructions this owners to and Homeowner Reference Information purchased/installed: Location Dealership purchased from: Notes: Information/Location The information found the rating located the of the front casting. Heat this or operating this Please this owners reference. ES000001 Congratulations! This owners should retained reference. with other and Heat years of and trouble-free to the Heat family of products! that the following information about Unit TE TIARAE
and A. Appliance Started A. Instructions B. and C. Inspect and Location and Clearances A. Selecting Location B. Clearances A. Instructions A. Switch B. Switch C. Heater Switch D. Thermostat Troubleshooting and Servicing the A. Cleaning and Compartment B. Cleaning and C. the Light Reference A. B. C. Service D. Warranty E. Information arrow found the Heat Table of
and A. Appliance Certication This tested and with UL and location-dedicated heaters the United States, the CSA C22.2 NO. and Inc. as this UL or CSA certied. If please or the Heat Technical Services Hearth Inc., City, MN Amps Heat and of of the other than as instructed Hearth and/or of Hearth WARNING Shock Hearth responsibility and the warranty by, the following
Started A. Instructions using should followed to reduce the of shock, and to including the following: instructions this heater. This heater when To burns, If when this heater. such as pillows, clothes, and least from the front of the heater and them from the and rear. when heater or or and whenever the heater operating and heater when heater with or or the heater malfunctions, or heater to authorized service facility examination, or mechanical or This heater bathrooms, and locations. heater where bathtub or other carpeting. cover with throw or the from and where tripped To heater, to off, then from or allow to or as this shock or or the heater. To or heater and arcing or where or or this heater as this other recommended the shock, or to the of the overheat and of to cord, the AWG and rated than properly grounded fused and outlets. ground protection where cleaning, or relocation of the To burn or other this Heat To To shock or should or outlets required. or the heater, from and as to SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FUTURE REFERENCE. B. Service trician. to and rated The heater wired from the factory with ease of to the heater existing required. installation, the or when the heater operated. Additional the the rating of the the heater the the switch the OFF If the reach the 16-AWG rated of used. C. Inspect and the and from the to the instructions the installation. Follow these instructions the to and WARNING Inspect and operation. NOT NOT NOT to
Location and Clearances to high this should located of high areas. such as pillows, clothes and least from the front of the A. Selecting Location of the located The directly the or hearth. B. Clearances shows clearances that around the Appliance Locations Heat WARNING Rear to clearances throughout these instructions typical installations and only. slightly to The and throughout these isntructions to Clearances from the to Combustible clearance from the corners and of the or shelves. clearance from the back of the DANGER NEVER this where or other WARNING High household items from NOT combustion and NOT items top of or front of from
Edges Wear protective and installation. A. Thread through flush. assembled and the the with the the wrench to to the and included the Assembled CAUTION Heat B. WARNING Shock Improperly grounded outlets shock. properly grounded, fused and outlets. ground protection where
Instructions The operating located the back of the ance. A. Switch the switch turned to with RC-ELEC-HNG the switch should the ON B. Switch the intensity of the and C. Heater Switch The heater switch to the heater The RC-ELEC-HNG this function. D. Thermostat The thermostat allows to to the To the thermostat, the clockwise the then turn the counterclockwise hear click. To increase the the clockwise. To the the counterclockwise. Heat
Troubleshooting Appliance turn with the switch or Appliance or intensity. A. the of the Heating heat Heating The heater off. of the heater. A. The heater when used. This caused heating of the internal and A. switch OFF. Turn the switch to the ON B. tripped. to the service or reduce the of the C. Appliance from D. A. The B. B. the to the attached to the C. defective. the A. isnt the seated properly. B. the A. Heating switch Turn the heating switch to the ON OFF. B. Thermostat too Turn the thermostat clockwise hear click. C. Heating The heating protected thermal switch. off overheated. switches. then the heater D. A. B. heating the heating A. B. the heating A. Thermostat too Turn the thermostat clockwise hear click. high. A. of the B. Heater the heating A. Remote of to the heater. B. the Heat the the Clean
and Servicing the or this without disconnecting and allowing the to shock or Turn to OFF. from outlet or off the to the A. Cleaning and Turn the off and the from the Allow the to cool cleaning. the top of the the top both and the heater top of the the top to the cleaning completed. cord. B. Cleaning and The cleaned the factory the assembly cess. shipment, installation, the These lightly with cloth. To or other the cleaned with cloth using household cleaner. The should completely with cloth or towel. the of with DO NOT VACUUM IF PIECES ARE HOT! with only or through this Heat WARNING the Heater
C. the Light Light operation of the Allow to cool least touching them. The light to when the and/or the with with base. Light purchased or lighting or To www.lite-house.com or 75Q/CL/MC/RP or Satco S3157. Turn off the or the the light Light the front of the and the three screws. and the cover to the light the from the light the the Follow the light the cover back the the three screws the the outlet and the switch to ON. assembly with cleaning scratching or NOT cleaners. NOT clean when CAUTION CAUTION Heat (back) Screws Access Plate the these three screws. these four screws. Access Plate of (front)
Reference A. Heat (with optional shelves) (without optional shelves)
B. BLK BLK BLK BLK FAN THERMOSTAT MAIN POWER ORG WHT ORG DIMMER SWITCH WHT BLK BLK BLK BLK WHT BLK HEATER SWITCH BLK BLK BLK BLK BLU BLK HEATER SYSTEM wires to when servicing and operation. servicing. Heat WHT WHT CAUTION! of servicing. WHT CAUTION If of the as with the replaced, with and rated wire. to PLUG
C. Service Heat TIARA Service TIARAE N/A Active
of TIARAE Qty. Casting Top Casting Specify Casting Specify Casting Specify Casting Specify Right Casting Assembly Specify Heater Assembly Assembly Top Cord Switch (Thermostat) Bracket Heater Switch Switch Strain Light Cord Thermostat PH PN ZC Screw PPH SM Screw AB Casting Casting Hearth Light Light Bracket Assembly to Casting TIARA Service Service Heat N/A Active
D. Optional RC-ELECT-HNG Remote Heat
E. Warranty Hearth Inc. (HHT) tested and inspected to and from to the purchaser of each which to or workmanship within repaired or without charge.* The incurred installation, from service, or such should brought to the of the where the purchased and authorized to or within the of this warranty. The this warranty its option to or or to the purchase thereof. The owner/user other including the of indirect or or of the of or to the The warranty apply the of the Company, or from incorrect installation, or incorrect The of other expressed, implied, or statutory, and the neither authorizes to other obligation, or with *Light covered the warranty. to Service To service this warranty written of the to Heat Technical Service Hearth Inc., W. Jefferson, City, MN of purchase, and to HHT. HHT reasonable to the including reasonable opportunity to inspect the Appliance to or and the Appliance or of the Appliance from the of installation. HHTs to warranty the ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If would information Heat products or to Heat of Hearth Inc. Heat WARRANTY
F. Information operating and instructions included. This covered or of the following (United States) 6688302B2, 6715724B2, D320652, D445174, D462436; or other U.S. and Heat Please Heatilator with or the of Heat please DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow these instructions and operation. Hearth Inc. W. Jefferson City, MN NOTES CAUTION this with and operation. DISCARD DO NOT