N. N3H-4R7 The and Instructions SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FUTURE USE. Please these instructions thoroughly to this SAFETY NOTICE: If this properly house fire follow the building or fire officials about and inspection IMPORTANT: around chamber and Clean the chamber thoroughly from the top, and with the provided. the to reduce only to fire and the warranty. PLEASE NOTE: Specifications this to without The to ULC S-627 UL Professional Services ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with the HEARTLAND APPLIANCES INC. WOODSTOVES The the thermometer with the reading with thermometer the OVERFIRING CAUTION Repeated or warranty this EINS
DO NOT STORE OR USE GASOLINE OR OTHER FLAMMABLE VAPOURS OR LIQUIDS IN THE VICINITY OF THIS STOVE. Location If the located which the top, causing fire the the or the the sealed. or the Grease the of cooking fires. Clean the regularly. to extinguish grease fire with Cover grease fires with or the of the FOR YOUR SAFETY
ENTIRE PRODUCT LIMITED ONE YEAR WARRANTY HEARTLAND warrants the or of of the which to or workmanship. Painted or plated warranty from the of purchase. or repaired the option of Heartland without charge, to the terms and below. The warranty include wear or firebox or TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and connected to and and to and fire, acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty factory Authorized Service Person. Warranty to only the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty cover this readily servicing. This warranty rights. Additional warranty rights areas. such as of or and normally associated with the responsibility of the or and that of the Company. of this warranty. the top cooled of and of the TO ENSURE PROMPT WARRANTY SERVICE, SEND IN YOUR WARRANTY CARD WITHIN DAYS OF PURCHASE. If further concerning this warranty, Customer Service Heartland Appliances Inc. N. Telephone1-877-650-5775 N3H-4R7 PLACE OF PURCHASE: DATE OF PURCHASE: SERIAL NUMBER: MODEL NUMBER: CONSUMER WARRANTY
Installation Clearances Wall Connector Clearances Wall Connector the Connector Chimney and Protection Instructions Lighting the Cleaning Combustion firing Trouble Shooting Instruction Information TABLE OF CONTENTS
The heating and cooking to with the which operates as heater and cooking with the of the the the the fire and the relationship to the of what trying to accomplish with the These Instructions the reference. The of If the to the with the The of the the and and the of the the performance of the factor the the With the of this learn to effectively heat and cook with to entirely, including the of reference and function. own to learn the that the performance. The tested and Hersey. The ULC S-627 and UL U.S. The burning only. other or The homes. the homes. Notice: If properly and house fire follow and building officials about and inspection the including house fire.) DO NOT to or with ductwork. This such installations. DO NOT to the fire. DO NOT burn or such as or CAUTION: while operation. clothing and burns. becoming with the of the operating them of operating the this of the become with the The located pull-out the right of the front of the The rating plate located the back of the
the the and the that the the of the and the top of the intact. which should with the fire provided. the hotplate that seated the and that approximately higher than the top with round. the chamber which should already The chamber screwed to the as this the of the P/N RS4M301136 Chamber located shipment. and protective from of to ignition. to of terms and of Chamber. screws and washers from top to positioning Chamber, that chamber its to allow to screw locations. Chamber top that as as to the top, to allow front and washers and screws tightly Chamber. Chamber the firebox and and that the reciprocating the three restriction plates the the front and the rear. The with restriction cleaning only. to the sections clearances, protection and actively the installation. heat Heat directed front of the heat other as overheating walls, and of to that the located overheat. Clearance the and and walls, and If there clearance, then the overheat. It that match the using to the clearances specified. to Unit with grouting or front and to the and back. flowing the and heat. the with to CSA B.365-01 or NFPA the USA to to the DESN The the front of the top-plate casting. the and with the the protecting washers the with the positioning them correctly, and the locating to and referenced located the located round operation. Warning The and firebox closed when lighting or Clearances These include newspapers and clothes. of that or to installation. building officials about and inspection
to Heartland Appliances the right to specifications without Please Heartland the to information, as to purchase, or Preparation Specifications from www.heartlandapp.com. How-to Information only. clearances to or State building and fire Clearances without with building inspector. and/or house fire. Clearances Wall of to inches/152.4 Right of to inches/152.4 Rear clearance to inches/152.4mm Corner clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/915mm clearance to inches/1321mm Wall of to inches/76.2 Right of to inches/76.2mm Rear clearance to inches/ Corner clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/ clearance to inches/1321mm WARNING Combustible Please building inspector of what or Combustible to, newspapers, and clothes. Protection Unit with grouting or front and to the and back of the Hearth MUST to the clearances than these Heartland Appliances Inc. North, ON N3H 4R7 Heartland ARTISAN REQUIREMENTS How-to Information only. clearances to or State building and fire Clearances without with building inspector. Improperly and/or house fire. Chimney Connector and Wall and to the following ULC S629 U.S.: UL HT Clearance of to that located overheat. Clearances specified to as building spacing. Please with or to location accordingly to interference with these areas). States fresh supply to or authorities to through walls. insulated wall/ceiling through to CSA B365 and NFPA U.S.) as Chimney should and inspection and cleaning through Chimney securely attached to the and sections attached together. connected to CHIMNEY CONNECTOR REQUIREMENTS
Clearances to Combustibles Wall Chimney Connector the reference only, showing rough-in installations, or clearances to each other. The clearances with the to used. DESN Rough Non-combustible hearth inches to the and back of the inches to the front and inches to the front U.S. Hearth to the using clearances that than these DESN
Clearances to Connector the installation. reference only, showing rough-in installations, or clearances to each other. The clearance with the used. DESN Rough Non-combustible hearth inches to the and back of the inches to the front and inches to the front U.S. Hearth to the clearances that than these DESN
the Chimney Connector The single-wall or and double-wall that the to the clearances to what type of the clearances section of this the clearances. The Follow the installation. that to chimney, the inspected installations MUST with The Heartland the to the top of the vertically or the back of the To the back of the from of the the of the insulation intact from top of screw and screw and and screw of the and the the the securely tight plate Tighten tightly sealed. slightly upwards of foot This to allow to back the tight and of three screws. should the than or The should of or thicker and should The section of the from the should screwed to the of the with least screws. sections of the screwed together with least three screws. The section should securely to the there the The of sections should the that or that from the of the or the of should than inches. of to should than the through If this follow the CSA B365 and NFPA the U.S., Wall Pass-Throughs. as through The whole should and inspection and cleaning. should used. to the reached and release toxic of should foot from the the fire, the violently. The securely attached to the and and sections securely attached together. 12.This to connected to
Chimney and The the of operation. The the the that combustion and and to or existing as to the as to the that or The to or burn should and of to this Recommended Clearances The least the of the least the where through the least within of the top of the DESN showing heights required, the location of the Chimneys build-up. with the of build-up the often of the of to the of coating that the and that or of the following fires should thickness). should thickness) Protection the to the from that when reloading. The with grouting or should top of front of the and front of U.S. to the and back of the to the and back clearances than these fabricated from thick with thermal conductivity factor K of or of To thickness of (K thickness (K obtained from of Effect of It to the as the to the capacity. that or to the
WARNING: HOT SURFACES, the to this the recommended that the heatproof with the used. combustion within the firebox obtained the the The of burning the manually operated the and from to properly to fire. Combustible of fire of (or the of the DESN Instructions to know the with Woodburning The firewood to operation. The performance and achieved burning firewood that and from the least improperly seasoned or frustrating leading to performance, fires and build-up of of fire and to of the the warranty. because: to higher efficiency; and heat the fire as
Operation OVEN DOOR OPERATION To the the slightly to the catch from the locking and the To the Gently the the catch with the DESN FIREDOOR OPERATION CAUTION: THESE DOORS ARE EXTREMELY HOT DURING OPERATION. USE THE UTENSIL PROVIDED TO OPEN AND CLOSE THE DOORS To the the to the release screw counter-clockwise. The screw back off enough to the It to the without first the To the both tightly and the to both release screws clockwise. that both tightly that to the fire through the fire the fire DESN Lighting the the of the firebox the and the from off cleaning the and the the cleaning the and the wheel the and the chamber sheets of and the top of the and light from the It to the firebox seconds to establish the fire. and theashpit with the wheel and the firebox The secondary normally with this With the fire established, the firebox and with the chamber back to the which the burning the to the that the
The firebox should to the recommended the of the firebox correctly the the rated of hours, including Once completed, the firebox immediately and only charges. Restriction Plates The with three restriction the These should to the amount of the firebox. They should to clean the and to the the of the cleaning. De-ashing NOTE: Should the de-ashing to clear of and as the section of ash. the to to the which regularly. winter this as as three weather severity. NOTE: allow to the touches the of the or they the otherwise the and completely. Cleaning of the Grate to of and other to through the Allow the fire to burn and then the off the cleaning and to offending cleaning The amount of the heating and should build- build-up to heating and reduction of the WARNING: when alight. of the Hotplate The obtained machined cookware. The of the hotplate immediately the fire, the other The the hotplate the chamber cleaning and the hotplate with Continuous of the with the hotplate covers of the hotplate and the covers. NOTE: To hotplate performance or hotplate the firebox to of the of the firebox to WARNING: The top around the hotplate become and Please to the instructions clearances to and
SMOKE/SMELL EMITTED DURING INITIAL USAGE. of the coated with light covering of protective operation of the this to and and with the therefore to and or to allow the to the The firebox of of and firebrick Both or thermal shock. should the first fires. this to the and firebrick and thermal shock caused fires. Directions of Flueway DESN Chamber The chamber The it closed, the to the heat. The the chamber to the to from closed to the the to the that found to the with to increase the chamber to its This of the heat wasted the The chamber the front cleaning to the flueway. The to operated with this This DESN Chimney annually and inspect monthly and and fire least hours. NOTE: of the type with and
Flueway Cleaning WARNING: HOT SURFACES, the to this It to the heatproof when the to the Following prolonged shutdown of the the the flueway from obstruction to re-lighting. Prolonged formation flueways becoming and to the release of the to clean flueways, and to of and performance from Flueway Allow the fire to the chamber to its and the chamber the or from the allowing to the top of the the hotplate and the them the firebox. NOTE: The and to firing and chamber should to free of through the and DESN DESN DESN Cleaning blemishes caused the to when the cool, and cloth usually that necessary. This should whilst the or cleaners containing IMPORTANT NOTE: Clean with or and cloth. These cleaners and including the hand-rails and their The covers should cleaned with NON-ABRASIVE with free) cloth and lightly polished with free) or to back to its To Allow fire to then the and off the cleaning with three and then each to NOTE: There of assembled and the should Replaced firebricks should as as temporarily repaired with the The firebricks to the Heartland of first and the and correctly reasonable life. They however, items and or obtained from Heartland the The which found to the should with the Heartland
top RS4F301170 RH firebrick RS4F301171 Rear firebrick RS4F301172 LH firebrick RS4F301173 LH front firebrick RS4F301175 firebrick RS4F301176 Rear firebrick RS4F301200 RH front firebrick JPAD301221 Insulation firebrick JPAD301220 Insulation board firebrick front Please Heartland information. Servicing service/heating when servicing authorised unauthorised Warning Properly and operated, this from de-ashing and tolerated. If then the following action should and to the fire or from or and to re-light fire of and necessary, professional fresh to instead of to the fire. combustion its If tight and insulated, the fire the of fire, and back the heating season, (which than the fire to from and build-up. Please authorized Heartland to purchase this option. Combustion to the of freshly seasoning about of the the heated the firebox, this off, heat the the heat consumed. That why and while and burns easily. (or the heats the of to The and that the the high enough and the burns, the bright that characteristic of fire. If the burn, the or the as Charcoal: the fire and of the charcoal Charcoal and burns with or Charcoal that burns easily and cleanly when enough the of the burn, about the of and charcoal.
of serious fire To If the the fire, the of Normal W.C.. NOTE: to thermometer top of the or type thermometer the To build-up the the should 800F and 900F each burning the lighting with the the tightly closed operation. allow through the firebox, causing emptying ashes, thoroughly the to allow Clean to build-up. fire fire and What to fire. operation, of the or to the and completely, and restored. If burnings, action. permanently the and of Repeated the warranty of the
Chimneys and The performance of the than other The the the that combustion and and to as to the as to the that Chimneys Work It known that This and the to function. The from the than the This the to the they created the the through to this The force caused the created the the the and the Greater Factors That There factors that with and or of these features. It of that to function properly. the factors that influence Cold Chimney that the of house and three cold. This that the their heat to the they cool, they their and reduced. Insulation the and the to reduce the heat that within the house Chimney that than the of the allow to too slowly. This the to cool and their the reason that fireplace through the fireplace to poorly. Ideally the should the internal as the of the Trouble Shooting Chimney to that the top of the should least higher than the highest which the and higher than or within of (three These the allowable height. Chimneys higher than this often performance reasons. located the of single-storey house or enough to though the the building followed. of to that the top of the should least higher than the which the Negative the House The force that influenced the house. cookstove acts as combustion from the house. typical house other clothes or fireplace or or of these other the that the combustion. This supply fire to or to when its Chimneys often this type of performance. Effect houses winter, the warmer and, therefore than the The the house to creating slightly the and slightly higher This the with to or located there. Checking Existing Chimney existing to thorough inspection should to its The inspection should professional of the factors that considered. or the of existing
should including crumbling and cracks the the top of the and flashings the The should cracks and It least existing factory-built inspection. should connected only to factory-built to ULC S629 and UL 103HT the U.S.. with include or caused the heat of fire, of the outer flashing, and of of the that the insulation should with which and What to fire the combustion the the fire immediately. to everyone of the house the fire and to that ashes shingles,. Watch the that catch fire and burn. the fire its and the cooled, the thoroughly inspected to to inspect and the often to another fire.
N. N3H-4R7 Phone: The Instructions The the thermometer with the reading with thermometer the WOODSTOVES ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with the
Learning to effectively the and the should the charcoal of the combustion the ready The established both the cooking and the three things: The amount of the the the firebox fire. The of the This the of the firebox. The amount of the firebox and what of the combustion These Instructions the reference. The of the If the the to the with the The of the the and and the of the the performance of the the factor the the operated. With the of this learn to effectively heat and cook with the to entirely, including the terms of reference and function. The burning only. burn other or top and cooking from using heated and the fire to the heat required. try to cook this immediately lighting the fire. The of the to the with the and found The following only, and to roasting and that the Instructions Thoroughly the fire as the section, and the chamber to and the as the fire become through, the chamber allow the fire to become white The of the should steadily. reaches about 30C (50F) below that required, the to approximately Thereafter the of the the the obtained the of the fire, and or Once heated, heat slowly. cooking the hotplate fire. The cleaned with when the wear The chamber reducing the The the chamber the to repeated to the These found as every the chamber and to that found to the of Top The top and directly the hotplate recommended. cooking with recommended. to cooking the that the and its heat The of the hotplate immediately the fire. The heat the with the other The the hotplate the cleaning the flueway and MUST operation. the hotplate clean with Continuous of the with the hotplate covers of the hotplate and the covers. WARNING: The top around the hotplate become the
Top The thermometer the the only. from top to and to The only thermometer food roasted or Once the about of the firebox, become The and the heated and At this of following the instructions the 220-260C (400-500F) 150-200C (300-400F) 90-150C (200-300F) It to this the of roasting, heat input allows the of that from the roasting 135C (275F) 95C (203F) cooking the pre-heating plates and food The outlined this only. The the to the the firebox. Ideally, the it constantly, the the and would typically three or four charges of to establish to hours cooking from charge of to too to charge and cooking The to the heat. or of the required. these and with cooking easy and trouble-free. cooking as as their owners there right or only, the there the and fire The cooking directly the firebox typically the the firebox momentarily the to allow the firebox to the the properly. The performance and worth the
If tight and insulated, the then this what If or or office hours from to of www.heartlandapp.com or phone and to to please or Heartland Appliances or that the Heartland #RN0001