Please these instructions thoroughly to this to follow instructions costly service This the of or Fountain N., N3H 4R7 or and Operation and these instructions HEARTLAND APPLIANCES INC. ATTENTION INSTALLER: this with C US
CONSUMER WARRANTY FIRST YEAR HEARTLAND warrants the or of including of this which to or workmanship, with the of the painted or and plated or year from the of purchase. repaired or the option of Heartland without charge, to the and below. The warranty the painted or and plated or from of purchase. TERMS AND CONDITIONS This warranty family when the properly to the instructions Heartland and connected to and service. to and fire, or other acts of business or and or the or of the obligations of this warranty. Service this warranty factory Authorized Service Person. Warranty to the country which purchased. Heartland or from of the or from service their reasonable To warranty service, the purchaser the of and repaired or warranted through the of the warranty only. The warranty cover this readily servicing, of house or boxes, or of This warranty rights. Additional warranty rights areas. such as education of and of of or normally associated with the responsibility of the or and that of the Company. or to or other finish, caused or or covered this warranty. If further concerning this the below reference, should service required. warranty, PLACE OF PURCHASE______________________________ DATE OF PURCHASE_______________________________ SERIAL NUMBER__________________________________ MODEL NUMBER__________________________________ and Customer Service Heartland Appliances Inc. N., N3H 4R7 or
Table of Section Assembly the Clearances Clearance Installation....................................... the Section Features........................................... Graphic Section Lighting the Top and Section Cleaning Plated Section Trouble Shooting and Trouble Shooting Trouble Shooting Chart Section Reference Conversion and Information and Section Instructions Selecting the Precautions
Warning: If the information this followed exactly, fire or causing property injury, or death. or or other and the of this or other What to to light switch. Immediately from neighbours Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service service agency, or the FOR YOUR SAFETY or or other or the vicinity of this the as heater. heat or Grease the of cooking fires. to extinguish grease fire with grease fires with or the of the This The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated. or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the effective increase the of mechanical
Instructions Please that occurred the that inform immediately! and of the and the backguard. assembly: Screwdriver Phillips/Robertson You the to and when with and this to and regulations the the clearance/installation the following include with and and and and and Assembly These the and clearances to outlets, and locations illustrated. to these ready to of the To the phase, to and off. Clearances Should the to that there of of the of the should to the of burns or fire reaching the should cooking To top of the cooking If required,
Clearances the and the "J" Table of G) of or covered. included. W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the This Conversion high back shelf: Table of or covered. C (as shown
Clearance with of CFM to and using however If that there least of the to of Table and right Specify of to and high back to back
Clearances the and the "J Table Clearance to the back of the obtained when the or with the of Splashback Responsibility that the with the or building and splashback then the from the back of to of G) of or covered. included. W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the This Conversion C high back shelf: of or covered. C (as shown
Clearance with of CFM to and however If that there least of the to of Table and right Specify of to and high back to back
Clearances the and the "J" of G) of or covered. licenced included. W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the This Conversion high back shelf: Table of or covered. C (as shown
Clearance with of CFM to and however If that there least of the to of and right Specify of to and high back to back
Clearances the and the "J" Table Clearance to the back of the obtained when the or with the of Splashback Responsibility that the rear with the or building and splashback then the from the back of to of G) of or covered. included. W.C. LP W.C. NPT off the This Conversion C high back shelf: of or covered. C (as shown
Clearance with of CFM to and however If that there least of the Table to of and right Specify of to and high back to back
to match the and from and built to and performance. Should to of choice, that the purchase the and capacity Heartland Please follow the tions. Heartland that the clearances as shown the clearance tions. completed with and which to the The should exhausted cavity or where of grease become fire the completed, the and that there the properly with moulded cord. and electrically grounded with the of the with the National the supply and turn off the supply servicing the and Heartland operated with or (LP). The OR the factory. purchased and should the The NPT This The with the of the with the National Appliances the of This the of or -This with three foot inch -A T type the supply to this testing of the supply to or than KPS, the isolated from the supply closing its shutoff The supply of The supply should least of or least of LP
the with shears. wear to from On there from and inspect the to the finish. and the from Cut-out With TWO the top from the the board with the of and inspection of each to that the become from their the backguard. the backguard the back of the screws and backguard. throw these screws They to the backguard. the backguard with the the back of the If high backguard: Unpackage. high back to the top washers. washers. screws. back to the high back screws.(do three this pcs.)to the high back and top,using screws. Backguard
The cooking located the front of the These offer of heat ease and They from BTU to as as BTU to or A. BTU easy clean, sealed head The outer head high heavy The head such as and to as as BTU. B. allow selection of cooking and the front of the easy access. Should the reason, the to to the C. BTU of BTU. These to as as BTU. and back from each other. and to light each The the as the top C
Graphic These the of each The shown, however, the top
Lighting the Top and with that electrically operated. and turning the to light the the turned, clicking heard. the lights, the clicking lighting the selected light. reignition should the reason, the to to the Reference section lighting or flash the seconds the turned off. This Incorrect and performance. to and when top while The fits Each fits of the This fits the right
with preheating the high. This heating of the Then follow the below. roasts and thick sear high then reduce heat to allow food to cook through- and burn. Turn once appear the when the reduce heat and or to to of BBQ of Meat Thickness High turning once turning once or High turning once Ground turning once cooking or to sear each to sear; then then or with to to brown; then and then to clear to to then breasts then to Whole or or with with
clean The serviceable and to clean, it withstand rough or cloth and cracking. To or and cloth. cleaners. If based food or such as or the once to of acidity, and Cleaning DO NOT USE STEEL WOOL PAD. It scratch the should when cleaning with and cloth, then Increase the of the cleaning required. If food byproducts such as or to such as or Apply with thoroughly, and the of the and follow cleaning instructions
Top other than to off the head of each If the easily cleaned with There or screws to The clean to or cleaning of light the with cloth. heavy cleaning cooked with and type of cleaner. thoroughly every cleaning operation. the base, as they the finish. from the lighting the to replacing, the securely the otherwise and Plated These cleaned with and or and cloth. If based food or such as or the once to head head the
The to the ately the to the OFF O the Wearing to from the heat and the Steam created as the the the cleaning food further cleaning the cleaned the cooled off. The located the and cleaned.All dishwasher The A, B, C, and D To the screw located the of the The off the orifices, and top of the There approximately of with the the back thread the back the A, B, C, and D, and (dishwasher To follow instructions (please that B and C interchangeable) the shown. and Occasionally grease These of or This when coking You to bottle with to lightly the If the becomes the food from the the heat the food when the To from the from around the of and chops, that the that poultry, turning of or the the and If this to the food to another DO NOT the while turned C
and The and inspected the factory once the assembled properly to there and which easily the If each with and testing. that operating properly lighting each of the Turn the and turning counter clockwise. them and high Trouble Shooting the of the The should steady, relatively with There should The outer should If the lights or there from the or there from the the the properly the base. Please to assembly ticking from to You should cooking with If to the shooting section this
Electricity to the only the ignition. If interrupted, cooked the top of Follow these to manually light the and clothing clear of the when lighting Manually Lighting the to the head. to the head. as and the to the the lights, as required. clear of the Manually Lighting the through the the back of the Turn the back to the this the front to light front using the back Please that the reignition function without electricity. Trouble Shooting If yourself If off the supply of to the and service. If other replaced, follow this four-step Then Trouble Shooting Chart the to operation. basic the used. should or If and correct, the following chart to the and/or malfunctioning If and/or service Should the Reference section to Heartland Appliances. If and/or service Should the Reference section to Heartland Appliances. If and/or service Should the Reference section to Heartland Appliances.
Trouble Shooting Chart when to light when or turned to light when turned off that turned lighted off outer head or head when or both properly assembled notches with to switch Re-ignition switch grounded or high Disconnected switch or switch High or and H.V. Defective Ground/Earth to or chassis properly connected to ground/earth ground/earth or through third of combined with supply polarity Too too Too too supply to with high wires or pinches the wires; tight, high switch and wires terminals of should with of ground/earth of chassis and ground/earth to of off head of off head.(Flame off
to The to the of and and easy The plate and grease while of plate and foods. Splashback Spashback with clearance to walls. and coloured includes which mount the top the splashback. Reference Conversion and Information The and from the factory or They converted the tor and the the and with the How to from or directly from Heartland Appliances. information please or technician. Heartland from or Heart- Appliance Inc. warranty service, please first or Heartland, necessary. Telephone and of purchase information ready. Without this information, service and or incorrect. warranty coverage, warranty
Chrome W/Screening Chrome head head outer C/W
of and please to A: Instructions ance properly and grounded technician. or heating the Children should or where They should allowed to or of the Wear or should while using the servicing of the specifically the other servicing should to technician. should or grease fires smother fire or or or foam-type extinguisher. potholders or potholders burns from potholder heating towel or other cloth. items of to the or top of Children to reach items seriously Clean grease should allowed to or Instructions foods the the off. operating the
Selecting the the and performance of It to them improperly selected cook efficiently or follow these to heavy cookware with and smooth efficiency. and heat quickly. and or cookware to heat. or cookware should as recommended the cookware and with rounded or or bottoms, or cookware that heating. The of the should evenly. straight the of the cooking There should the straight and the whether or empty, should the rounded and scorching or burning of food to heating. Match the to the cooking process. cooking usually achieved when nearly Choose the accordingly. Specialty cookware such as cook- canning and chosen to that they this with tight to heat, and food to with thereby the cooking that and with anced These easily. and Operation section information of rough to the top of the to and around of Turn heat to reduce to smothered and to these and than
Precautions the that the the of the and the of the The high BTU easily the of the potholder, to of the when or turning food. heat slowly, and as the high and greasy that catch fire. If the smothered which affects the the when cookware. or other cloth of To the of burns, of and cookware the or back of the without the of the They the and that necessary the to properly with combustion. located the of the front the to OFF cookware. foods high should as as food or fresh foods to and the of the the least amount of effective shallow or the too of when food thermometer whenever to overheating the to of the cool. cookware, If of or together heating or as slowly. items the The from the items and increase closed which them to plastics from the items the they too to the To the of burn, that the the OFF and grates cool to them. foods the the off. The operating, the CONT
Grease grease cool attempting to grease the the or the Clean these each or lighting and performance of the the clean. It to these when there or when the light, though the click. Clean the with burns; or cloth to the while cleaners to Follow the cooking or products which DO NOT cookware the If located that blow the and fire the turned off and the cool type of or cooking or around the The that the action could, the of heat, or to
of II capacity, mount and top mount fresh food as option. The offers optional rating kwh/year. and II capacity, top mount counter The offers optional efficiency rating and sealed fits as both and sealed or sealed and as both and with clean as sealed fits shown with the Optional with the with clean as sealed with the of as with the of as fits with as or sealed or sealed fits burning cookstove-old fashioned cooking (SweetHeart) burning cookstove- as the information please or Heartland Appliances: or