Instructions This and these instructions with the www.heartlandapp.com U109760-02
If the information this followed exactly, or causing property or death. or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the and service service agency or the Warning The with this correctly when the This reduce of of the from or of the U109760-02 WARNING WARNING ALL RANGES CAN TIP INJURY TO PERSONS COULD RESULT INSTALL ANTI-TIP BRACKET PACKED WITH RANGE SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
U109760-02 Instructions The The The Right Convection The Clock Both light hand) chart Cleaning Troubleshooting Service and
instructions this properly and grounded with the National ANSI/NFPA edition, and grounding with the CSA C22.1 and/ or as the section of this to technician and authorized service. to the to the the or of The with this correctly when the This reduce of of the from or of the U109760-02 Information WARNING ALL RANGES CAN TIP INJURY TO PERSONS COULD RESULT INSTALL ANTI-TIP BRACKET PACKED WITH RANGE SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS these instructions reference. of grease Turn the o. Smother covering the completely with or If or foam-type extinguisher. If the or smother closing and or to and To or the the the around the from and other and If the should to from blowing the NEVER items the The from the or items and increase which them to EXPLOSIVE when exposed to heat and their or near plastics and heat. items from of the that become or items the as they burn, or too to or lighted should directly If the it should to infrequently
instructions using this items which subjected to heat from items, such as cleaners or the and the allow to with NEVER this as heater to heat or the Doing and overheating of the and cover or the or cover with such as Doing through the heat causing servicingDo or of the specically recommended this other servicing should technician, this reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the To injury, or or or or the or of this serious U109760-02 Information these instructions reference. and to the allow to or of the Not Children and should allowed the They should allowed to or of the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other Teach them to with or other of the items of to the or of the to reach them seriously the This instruction based considerations should the or near the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the and or property
instructions this To of shock, injury, or death, properly grounded and from supply servicing. cook top or they o the become enough to burns. and or clothing or other the or the they enough to cool. These include the and backguard. DO NOT TOUCH HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF OVENS and heating though they of or become enough to burns. and or clothing or other heating or of they enough to cool. Other that become enough to burns the and the of the splashback. U109760-02 Information these instructions reference. Wear Clothing wear or clothes while the when reaching items the ignited brought with or and burns. Potholders or or potholders burns from potholder heating or other cloth of They might catch they when using might burns when the with Notice and Warning The California Water and Enforcement of the of California to of known to the State of California to or and businesses to customers of to such This or or chemicals which death or serious and which known to the of California to or other of this that the burning of low-level to of the including and to the combustion of or (LP) Properly combustion. to these properly the to the
instructions this To reduce the from the or from combustion this installed, operated, and to the instructions this the or where the from the reach. released to overheated cooking and overheated cookware the instructions the inspectors properly and grounded technician. Servicing or of the specically recommended the other servicing should to technician. Quality of On the should blueish with, yellowish On the The yellowish If the burns with white should service. Normal appearance correctly U109760-02 Information these instructions reference. MAKE SURE THE FLOW OF COMBUSTION AND VENTILATION AIR TO THE RANGE IS UNOBSTRUCTED. the Right This with of with bottoms. and the from the of the the the Its to the the of the the too relationship of to high and greasy catch Protective to or bottoms. of shock, or and the allow to the heating of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other range-top without to the should turned and If they and burn. and or food. heat food burst and injury.
instructions this of location while cool. If while potholder heating CAUTION items of to children or the backguard of the to reach items seriously WARNING THIS APPLIANCE IS PROVIDED WITH ROLLERS TO FACILITATE MOVEMENT DURING INSTALLATION. THE RANGE SHOULD NOT BE MOVED AFTER INSTALLATION. U109760-02 Information these instructions reference. Instructions This with the instructions. The with the and the electricity supply This cooking only. other warranty or The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or eective increasing the of mechanical where The should serviced service and only used. the the location of the switch. easy reference. allow the to and then switch o the cleaning or carrying otherwise this of the become with and heat when touching to the of burns, that the the OFF and that cool attempting to the Clean with If or cloth to to burns. cleansers to
Read instructions using this Clean this the interests of and the should clean as and other food coverings or from the of the while or or the vicinity of this when heating and as they they too thermometer whenever to overheating the heat slowly, and as should third of the too of when food If of or them together heating, or as the should as as foods or fresh foods to and the of the or overheating of foods when high or high to of the cool. the that the of the with the U109760-02 Information these instructions reference. that the that or when The foods and other The should NOT heating the this the become overheated. the DO NOT the than necessary. The of this should This when the that the the o
The each which that that the of the and to the lighting holding the to the through to the seconds. The should and light the If, when of the the the Turn the to the o and then this holding the slightly the height to turning the On this the high, high and o. The LO the Turn the the of boiled. U109760-02 the reasons, the that they the of the cooking This instruction based and with or turned should used. such as or NOT recommended. They reduce performance and the and that easily and with poachers. The recommended The to heat They and using that the the of the heating the This If, lighting, it o and relighting
without Electricity If there the with match. burning match inch from the head as from the as and to HI/ lighting as the lights With other hand, holding the seconds that the the heat of the Turn to OFF when nished. You the and head cleaning, You should the top of the around the as as of of the This aect the of the and cleaned o with U109760-02
The the becomes should to touching the heating the The clock to the of the The Clock section instructions the of The The Right The as the and with heating the top of the and the the base. to touching the top and when or items from the this the section function The function and Turn the function to cooking Turn the to the function. This the Turn the to the The heating light the reached the selected. It then and o U109760-02 The the right continuously, which The recommended cooking than The right the right of the The heating light the reached the selected. It then and o
The Clock the of the clock the and alternately. To the clock to the of and the to the clock and the turn the or right the clock shows the of of the and back to the If the appears the of the turned the the section Clock Features. To something thats cooking Turn the to the right to the should the to the You the back to the to the of or the as the U109760-02 To the when sounds Turn the counter clockwise To when the manually. Turn the to the the to the Stop shows. AUTO the Turn the to the cooking nished the sounds. Turn the to the to to To and the the clock, clearly The cook which the of the to cook. The cooking hours The which the of the to This than hours from the You directly this the cooking and Turn the to the the to the cooking
Turn the to the The the of the cook the to the Stop Stop shows. AUTO the the to the cooking to function using the Turn the to the The clock shows the of and AUTO. cooking nished the sounds. Turn the to the to to If about the o, while. the to the to to Turn the thermostat to the o AUTO showing, to to You turning the to the U109760-02 Clock the activated, the clock operated as the and This that child cook the activated and switch To the Turn and the to the clock about seconds. On appear the holding the turned to the clock and turn the clockwise the and Of shows the of the The locked. seconds the to the of and the To off the Turn and the to the clock about seconds. Of appear the holding the turned to the clock and the clockwise the the of the seconds the to the of The normally.
the The to or both and o automatically. The and the both cooking If to of the the as the the turned the Then of them manually the You the and cook of to hours If to cook than choose that the slightly and covering them with or slightly cooking or allow to the heating foods such as products or seafood should weather. Dont food the Dont already Dont or there as To should to Fresh which should coated or and or top of uncooked satisfactory there Dishes containing cooked meat or should cooked there Whole thoroughly the that and cooked cooking recommended items that pre-heated such as cakes, and breads. U109760-02 Both using the heat the to 400F to The should to the back of the meat should centrally the racks. and from the of the as overbrowning of the food browning, the recommended with the the high foods when the the back and allow to the the than necessary, otherwise the the This allows the heat to freely around them. Cover meat when cooking to splashes. To reduce splashing when to around them thoroughly or lightly with cooking heat of the while cooking to plates the If to the of preheat the the the of the or the heat the Where and them
The of function. It cooking with each function. food types. Please that to those Defrost This function operates the to only. heat applied. This items such as cakes and of and to defrosted. Defrosting this the and protects the food from of meat, and should to catch to the and Defrost with the closed. items, such as whole and should defrosted this this Defrosting should or when or that foods, meat and completely U109760-02 Convection This function operates the and the heating around heat throughout the allowing to cook amounts quickly. cooking cooking and all-round function. It to reduce the 20F previously cooked If to pre-heat the the light the food. Convection This function operates the whilst the top It heat than the food to the the Thick of meat or cooking this as the reduces the of the heat from the The should closed whilst cooking You that the food to watched and turned than Pre-heat this function assisted This function operates the heated the the top and the of the The of and cooking (top and heat) this function cooking items that thorough such as meat It to although they to the cooking as the heat the top of the than the base, when using this function. This of the food cooking become accustomed to this function.
(top and heat) This function the heat from the top and It roasting and and Food cooked the top and than the because the heat the top of the than the base, as Convection assisted function. items cooked to around This that foods cooked together, the cooler the of the and to the top. Browning This function the the top of the only. It function the or of dishes, and the item to already switching to the top heat This function the only. It or or o cooking the of It heat, cooking of the of the or The Browning and heat functions additions to to o items to perfection. With these functions to cooking U109760-02 The Right The the right continuously, which The recommended cooking than The right the right of the Turn the to the The light the reached the selected. It then and o Both the heat the to 200C to Please that to those The shelves should to the back of the meat should centrally the shelves. and from the of the as overbrowning of the food high foods when the the back and allow to the the than necessary, otherwise the the shelf. This allows the heat to freely around them. meat when To reduce splashing when to around them thoroughly or lightly with cooking If to the of preheat the the the of the Where and them shelves Each with three shelves. The the hand with or that as as
The should the back upwards as the with The increases the spacing. The easily and retted. the the back of the the the the front of the the back of the the and then the U109760-02 To the the with the and the back the the the front the clear the and then the front that the and back. Steam cooking foods with high there the the of the This perfectly light Press the to of the lights. If of the lights o the supply the the Troubleshooting section to light
The and other cooking It which or catch the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the and or property The completely cleaning To the right U109760-02 the of the each to release the catches holding the to the and the the and from the the back of the To the the the back the and, right back. The should holding the to the
hand) cooking food types. The and cooking to only as the to to Food cooked than reduce the 20F and the cooking The the the throughout, The should directly the other. than least them. sheets, cake or centrally the pre-heat the the light chart assisted Food cake 340F (British) 350F 350F to Plate 375F to 225F 425F to through cooking food cake 325F 350F 350F 350F cake 350F and to the Convection reduce cooking slightly. meat and cooked U109760-02
chart Food FISH ROAST MEATS with bone 325F 300F without bone 325F 300F 325F 350F 325F 300F and to cooking or cook 390F then 320F THOROUGHLY THAW FROZEN MEAT AND POULTRY BEFORE COOKING. POULTRY 325F 300F 325F 300F Poultry 390F or 390F then 320F Prepacked (fresh or follow cooking CASSEROLE 300-325F 300F to YORKSHIRE PUDDING 425F 400F CAKES 300F 275F 375F or 350F (British) 425F or 400F PASTRY Plate 375F 350F 375F 350F 375F 350F to 425F or 400F to BREAD 425F 400F to MERINGUES 230F 225F to PUDDINGS Custard 325F 300F 375F 350F to U109760-02 375F 350F 375F 350F Whole 375F 350F to thickness. 400F 375F 400F 375F 400F 375F 400F 375F 400F 375F 400F 375F
Cleaning information thorough cleaning isolate the electricity supply. to switch the electricity supply cleaners, bleach, based bleach cleaners, or Dont cleaning products they together with Recommended cleaning shown the chart below. Cleaning the Cleaning the welcomed chore, to to and appearance. to as they this them burning and becoming to MAKE SURE THE FLOW OF COMBUSTION AND VENTILATION AIR TO THE RANGE IS UNOBSTRUCTED -FOR EXAMPLE BY BUILD OF FATS OR GREASE. On the should blueish with, yellowish On the The yellowish If the burns with white should service. Cleaning and that while as as the o and allow to cool. the completely cooled as as allow to the U109760-02 which the head. The heads and cleaning. they absolutely replacing. The the head, that the notch with the or the base. that the head and that the centrally the head. Normal appearance correctly
The The they cleaning. reassembling the and the D Turn the head the D matches the the base. Turn the head and the base. U109760-02 To the the notch the this with the white and the the notch the that they properly. and The and should cleaned with cloth that the with cloth then with cloth. The should cleaned with cloth with The the front o that the of the cleaned. If the to to the of the the the section of these instructions). The front four screws, each
The screws recessed the head. to the screw the instruction the slightly and the to the front screws from the each o the outer The of the cleaned to or the insulation. Please that the the to the from the cleaning the outer and the screws. of the cleaning and cleaning They dishwasher. the The of Each of the with four screws. You to the screws to the each upwards and they o the screws. Then them forwards U109760-02 Once the the cleaned. the the
Cleaning chart cleaned and cloth. cleaning, follow the instruction. with the of to Grates such as Bon or Soft Dishwasher. Head and cloth Hotplate Top such as Bon-Ami or Soft with cloth Plinth Painted and cloth. cleaner, cloth. and Branded Chrome/Plastic cleaner, cloth Chrome Dishwasher. and scouring Meat Scouring Dishwasher surround such as Bon-Ami or Soft with cloth. to and Cleaner, cloth Hob/Hotplate surround and and Head or cleaners Splashback/Rear or cloth. Cream cleaner, with necessary. Painted or cloth. such as Bon or Soft Dishwasher. and follow the instructions cleaning products. U109760-02 or cloth. with or cloth.Any with Cloth or Cloth Household Products LP Cif or other with cloth. to
Troubleshooting Steam from the cooking foods with high there the when the as there of when the back and allow to The The of the as the heats this perfectly What cleaning recommended the the section of recommended cleaning or cleaners as these The when the or the this? this caused heat from the or the and heating them Dont the If there and to back to who You Service organizations their they correcting Its to Operated Where the protected (RCD), the combined of and other these instances the to protected This should Food cooking too slowly, too or burning from previous that the recommended and The and cooking to as the to to the cooking higher the U109760-02 The cooking or than If cooking to round If used, that the heat to the centrally the that the and that the catch that the the of when the should the the back, then the back of the should or the front lowered). If the to when turned manually the the clock If there something with the supply. the the switch? the of If using the cooking function? the showing the the Clock section of the instructions information the of the clock. when cooking correctly OFF the showing the the Clock section of the instructions information the of the clock. If the cooking function? as the If turning the or then thermostat. This should service The light The burnt You (which covered the from
FOR OVENS. It heat to 300C (570F). the cool. the and the tted) and racks. Turn off the supply. Unscrew the cover turning counter clockwise. Unscrew the Screw the screw back the cover. Turn the electricity supply and that the lights. or the the clock If there something with the supply. supply section further the or the correctly located? the correctly located? the section that each that the of the lighting the to the that the This allows the to heat and the holding the to the through to the seconds. The should and light the If, when of the the the Turn the to the o and then this holding the slightly light If or the light, that the correctly or cleaning. that there with supply. You this that other the when the If the the clock U109760-02 Service and Please the below and them reference this information to and to this and with It of to purchase with this You to the to warranty of Appliance Color* Heartland Appliance of Purchase of This information the If the that with please to the of this the section, to that the correctly. If
Heartland Appliances Inc. Street North, N3H 4R7 Telephone Please If the warranty service charge this If to and the the responsibility of the service the right to charge. to charge. of Warranty that serviced throughout their to the performance and Service should only technically and Parts To and performance, or unauthorized U109760-02
instructions or this U109760-02 Instructions This and these instructions with the these instructions reference.
If the information this exactly, or causing property or death. or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS to light switch Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the and service service agency or the Warning The with this correctly when the This reduce of of the from or of the U109760-02 WARNING WARNING ALL RANGES CAN TIP INJURY TO PERSONS COULD RESULT INSTALL ANTI-TIP BRACKET PACKED WITH RANGE SEE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
U109760-02 Regulations If Instructions and clearances Location the Checking the the the To the Servicing Conversion to of the Technical
instructions or using this Regulations of this with or the of with the National ANSI Z223.1/NFPA.54, edition. with the CAN/ CGA-B149.1 or the CAN/CGA-B149.2, and with where This CSA International to ANSI Z21.1, and CAN/CGA-22.2 edition. the instructions or using this This becomes the the the which should together with this The electrically grounded with or, the of with the National (ANSI/NFPA edition). grounding with the CSA C22.1 and/or this section. and ordinances. The properly grounded. these instructions the inspectors or or other and the vicinity of this or other If Dont switches. Extinguish Immediately U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. You the following anchors the or head screwdriver head screwdriver or wrench and wrenches Additional or thread with Teon* that action of and LP *Teon: of I.D.). 5-foot recommended ease of other when to supply or NPT I.D.) to NPT I.D.) To covering the of thick or enough to the
instructions or this Instructions Warning! installation, service or or property to this or information, service agency, or the The of and injury. NEW when and from connecting and supply to electrically grounded with or, the of with the National (ANSI/NFPA edition). or other synthetic covering, the covering withstand 180F without or the of thick or the and carpeting. the coverings around the withstand heat the to 200F. the There of least the top of the and If the follow the instructions with the U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. Items of to children should the to reach items seriously Converting to LP This with the If the to this The LP the Conversion section the back of this
instructions or this and clearances clearances the and These of The location of the and and to Positioning the The below the recommended from the to to allow the C below about The surround should with, or of should each of the and (such as or this reduced to of the top of the and U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. The If the to the optional should to the the instruction section of these instructions. should with the instructions. reasons immediately the of to allow the If (USA only), the to the then the the other clearance of the of the to allow the to
instructions or this Location the where to the or the should sealed. the around the of the that supply fresh combustion and or heavy and coverings such as cushioned or carpeting. when the this type of It recommended that the following and inexpensive instructions to The should of (or the covering the front of the the that the should built with to the or higher than the covering. This allow the to cleaning or servicing. Also, covering withstand 180F. the Instructions section.) the coverings around withstand the heat to 200F) the the Instructions section.) the The heavy. people the that the covering attached, or to when the around. You the the to its furthest U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. the of the each to release the catches holding the to the and the the and from the the back of the the somewhere completed the installation, to the the the the as shown below. LOWER THE FRONT ROLLER clockwise. (This turning and removing the LOWER THE TWO REAR ROLLERS. the the as shown below. clockwise. (This turning and the
instructions or using this BOTH REAR ROLLERS. There each both the front corners of the the to the should once the to its enough to the IMPORTANT! and the properly seated and the accessory of the to that U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. Checking the that the the following and plates Straight Conversion from to LP Cooling
instructions or this the the its to within the the as to the or the the shelves the or partially with of the If readings-with the and then the other. The to the To the height of the of the the to the the front corners of the the height of the front to the Turn clockwise to the and counter clockwise to lower. with the height and the front of the of the front Screw the front to the Screw the front counter clockwise to the front that the front of the the the front to of the the the that the they to the WARNING supplied. instructions to with properly the the might from or from the the The with instructions of locations. The instructions include information to the installation. the Instructions and the instructions that installation. U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. of this with or, the of with the National ANSI edition. the with the CGA CAN/ CGA-B149 Appliances and and/or The Commonwealth This or when within the Commonwealth of location the to the the of turning or o the supply. Recommended Locations the cavity
instructions or this to installation, that the of the and and the of the The to of of LP or with the to LP of of required. supplying with the type of If the to LP LP that the installation. This the LP operation, the of to the and of LP the and of of the the least than the operating as The located the of the the supply of whether or LP used. to the to the supply should I.D. of and ease of installation. the to the o the supply the and o the completed. Dont to relight the other when the back restricts of the the of CSA International- U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. recommended hard-piped when If the used, the the the To or thread with Teon* around, threads. *Teon: of the easily location of the everyone operating the where and to o the supply to the to the NPT internal thread of wrench the to the from the front, the C or to the NPT internal thread of the to the to from to the the to the the o and turn the and to the specically testing of the conducted to the instructions. CAUTION: DO NOT USE FLAME TO CHECK FOR GAS LEAKS. using than to the supply of the the and from the supply using of or to the supply isolate the from the supply closing the
instructions or this Connector Inform the of the location of the U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. the electrically grounded with or; the of with the National ANSI/NFPA edition. the with the CSA C22.1 CAUTION: FOR PERSONAL SAFETY, DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD WITH THIS APPLIANCE. REMOVE HOUSE FUSE OR OPEN CIRCUIT BREAKER BEFORE BEGINNING INSTALLATION. This with the and and connected to properly grounded branch protected or as noted the rating to National If the service the specications, terminals service or used. This with and to properly grounded branch protected or If the service the specications, that From the National that existing) to
instructions or this Connecting the and shipped with to NEMA 14-50R Recommended Locations the supply as illustrated. Recommended outlet the the to the using NEMA 14-50R that through the the of the cavity. The then easily servicing the properly grounded Connecting the and To the cover the screws the top and The cover and location U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. the cover to free the from the the cover the the and then the screws. the from the and ground the them. the from the and the and from the mounting The shipped with reducer to the reducer plates the and them to the mounting with the to the through the reducer the mounting Allow enough to easily the to the
instructions or using this NOTE: the without the to the ground and NOTE: the wires completely the terminals and the the the screws. the cover. Cord the from the and ground the them. the from the and the and from the mounting the NOTE the without the with the cord. the to the mounting the screws, U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. feeding the (ears through the the mounting and the screws. the through the the the ground the to the ground and of the the The or ground of the connected to the located the of the The
instructions or this leads connected to the the tight. the to the cord. the cover the from the and ground the them. the from the and the and from the mounting The shipped with reducer plates to the reducer plates the and them to the mounting with the to the through the reducer plates the mounting Allow enough to easily the wires to the NOTE: the without Ground the ground the Ground to the ground and of the the U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. The or ground of the connected to the located the of the The leads connected to the NOTE: the wires completely the terminals and the the tightening the screws. the the the and the the when completed. Completed MAKE SURE THE FLOW OF COMBUSTION AND VENTILATION AIR TO THE RANGE IS UNOBSTRUCTED.
instructions or this the To the The to the of the the screws and the notch and screwdriver to the of the to the the screws. the The The of the the screwdriver and should to the rear. the screws and to the from the of the to the the the from below U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. of clarity clarity of
instructions or this the clock to the of the the clock the clock connected the and alternately. To the clock to the of and the to the clock and the the or right the clock shows the of This hour clock. of the and back to the Turn the and that the to and that the to heat Turn o the Light Press the light switches and that the lights The light included the of Operation of should the and supply each turn. There that the of to the the There that when the each and to the lighting The should and light the the to the through to the seconds. U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. If, when of the the the Turn the to the o and then this holding the slightly Quality of On the should blueish with, yellowish On the The yellowish If the burns with white should service. Normal appearance correctly MAKE SURE THE FLOW OF COMBUSTION AND VENTILATION AIR TO THE RANGE IS UNOBSTRUCTED. MAKE SURE ALL CONTROLS ARE LEFT IN THE OFF POSITION. Customer Please the cover of this Then this back the Customer the Please inform the to the and the Customer Thank
instructions or this To the Servicing Follow these procedures to servicing: The heavy. people the that the covering attached, or to it when the around. You the the to its furthest the of the each to release the catches holding the to the and the the and from the the back of the the somewhere nished, to the the the the as shown below. U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. the front turning the clockwise the front clear of the to the from the o the supply and supply to Disconnect supply to and the supply cord. to If disconnected, NOTE: should and the supply. The service MUST follow instructions with the and the warning attached to the If reason, the properly when the replaced. to this of the and injury.
SERVICING WARNING Disconnect from electricity and servicing. when finished. Conversion to This with the If the to this installation. The LP the comply with the and the electricity supply the instructions this to the correctly warranty or and to prosecution. This instruction with the of the instruction, information hose servicing or gas-carrying from operation. or unauthorised internal injector, C and heads. the from the Reassemble internal internal o the U109760-02 the and the screws the clear. Unscrew the screw. screw of the screw and the screw. the screw the screws from the screws the to its furthest New
SERVICING WARNING from electricity and servicing. when finished. the of the each to release the catches the to the and the the and from the the back of the The The of types. Unscrew the the front of the The the to the the of the and the other The to which the the of the and the to the U109760-02 Turn the that the LP of the hollow the the that the securely located. the to the to the the the sound. the o and turn the supply and to the specically testing of the conducted to the instructions. Testing the to the supply. the sound. The measured the the of the The mounted top and the to
SERVICING WARNING Disconnect from electricity and servicing. when finished. the To the the the back the and, right back. The should holding the to the the locating and operation of the U109760-02
instructions or this C screw Screw Screw internal internal based Right Top Browning 240V including lights, U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference.
SERVICING WARNING from electricity and servicing. when finished. wires to when servicing and operation. servicing. of the U109760-02 hand LBE ISG Convection CFM LFE switches IGS Cooling COO MFM Function top LTO top LTI hand switch LOS thermostat OTL light NLI BR Black BK Grey GY BL Right switch RSB Right thermostat OTR Right ROE Thermal TCO light OVL clock TCK White
instructions or this wires to when servicing and operation. operation servicing. of the U109760-02 Instructions these instructions reference. COO MFM OVL OVL CFM TCK L2 L1 BK ISG
SERVICING WARNING Disconnect from electricity and servicing. when finished. Technical This from NG to LP included. INSTALLER: Please these instructions with the DATA BADGE LOCATION: of cavity of instructions. Country of Destination: W.C 240V W.C NPT rear right-hand U109760-02
U109760-02
U109760-02
U109760-02
U109760-02 Heartland Appliances Inc Street North, N3H 4R7 Technical www.heartlandapp.com SAH