inStrUctionS information operating inStrUctionS Cooling Operation Heating the Cooling Heating the Blower Turning the troUbleShooting information information Information You this Unit Locating the Ground Connecting the Unit Pre Grounding Thermostat (PTCR) responsibility to this than this includes to the to and instructing the to and the the of the should the factor when this and as to and other highlighted the of the or to follow serious injury, death, or property these instructions to the of this installation/service this type of please instructions the these instructions to the customers reference. pleaSe and reference. information Pre Procedures Circulation Blower Cooling Heating charging Charging R-22 Units AC with Unit Charging Charts Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Chart Ton Units Charging Table Charging Table Ton Units Charging Ton Units Charging Ton Units Table Charging Ton Units Table Charging Table Ton Units Charging Ton Units Table Charging Table Ton Units Information Specs Physical performance
information throughout this to or of seriousness and should Warning that or death. that or or property operating inStrUctionS Thermostat include the AUTO and others the AUTO of the HEAT and COOL. Others include three. Please to the thermostat instructions. cooling operation the thermostats to COOL or AUTO and the to AUTO. the to the The and blower and off to the the cooling If the re-adjusted, or the the and the immediately. protective the and the off following operation or the of the heating operation the thermostats to HEAT or AUTO and the to AUTO. the to the The optional heating or heat) off to the the operating the cooling heating the thermostat to AUTO and the thermostat to AUTO. the thermostat to the The thermostat the switching the cooling or the heating or heat) automatically. operating the blower continuously The blower operation typically to the to to or operation. the thermostat to ON The blower immediately, and continually the to AUTO. information The blower operation obtained with the thermostat including OFF. turning the off the thermostats to OFF and the to AUTO The of the to the performance from the and should the of each conditioning season. and gaseous and servicing should only attempted trained thoroughly with the and to comply with this injury, or death. the clean. Hose off and clear of and the clear of DO NOT with or DO NOT or other or the the without the Inspect and when with of troUbleShooting the thermostat the and correct. the the the and and covered with or Selector thermostat Warning:
information INSTALLER: Please instructions servicing this to and other highlighted the throughout this to or of seriousness and should Warning that or death. that or or property off to the or service the to comply or death. noted otherwise these instructions, factory authorized or accessory with this installation, service, or fire, shock or other which or property this the factory with holding charge. follow charging instructions performance and efficiency. installation/service to service this type of charging with and should the to and/or service this to with this property or death. information Warning: Warning: Warning: this other this of another the the information below the installation, service, and of this should to these instructions or this to follow to the serious or death The comply with and which the of this type of and regulations these instructions. building and the National (ANSI CI) completed with and and regulations and with the National (ANSI/NFPA or the CSA C.22.1. This and high DO NOT USE ANY PORTION OF THE CHARGE FOR PURGING OR LEAK TESTING. or servicing should trained thoroughly with this type annealed, should when the suction should insulated. of operations. with and wear fire extinguisher, when operations. Follow the and with the Read and thoroughly the instructions with the to the and of the caUtion: Warning:
information only rooftop or ground installations. This tested capacity and efficiency with AHRI and years of and comfort, properly and and/or the of the and To performance and that this The to properly this mechanical and this Unit The cooling of the to and of the selected. It that the to completely insulated and sealed. the supply and the supply operation. The wired and with protection with building If there concerning the supply, the The section should routing the to the instructions securely the of and should inspected to the the straight. If necessary, to or or concealed) should immediately with the Please information and of Please instructions the locating the the to the location mounting the Overhead obstructions poorly areas, and to of should clearance through the to rated performance. clearances to Consideration should to of service access, and To to the the and from the the ground Ground installations located to building or and these Clearances with those shown mounting and from the building foundation. The and strong enough to the of the The height of and with mount The of mounting should that or to the of the The structurally of the of the the of weather and to installation. The built to the the Service Access DO NOT OBSTRUCT TOP OF UNIT NOTE: Units clearances. or and clearance from Building or or Mounting or
the Unit this which servicing, cover or to the of the to to of and other info. and the with sound recommended that flowing through the to internal oxidation and should routed that the of and the of the If of required, recommended. and of the with should that the or operation. should clean of installation. Every should the to that the field containing of the with these instructions and sound to insure and longevity. The recommended interconnecting and the the and sections should length-feet ampacity based N.E.C. type conductors. caUtion: To the warranty, that when the to the atmosphere. This includes, to, the and/or of The with the instructions. Optional such as should with the instructions. to of shock, or death, to the or service. the than supply. wires to when servicing the and operation. with and ordinances, and with the of the National (ANSI/NFPA installations the and grounding with the (CSA C22.1 and/or that the and phase of the supply match the the rating that the service the to the this to the factory with the Inspect located the cover of the of the The should become with the to the located within sight of and readily to the This switch of electrically the to the should from branch containing the or the Incoming field and of conductors and protection with information the other to authority Warning:
The both and to the and location of field interfaces with and ordinances. protection the branch and as shown the rating and to the rating ampacity and overcurrent protection supply the with the and the rating the leads to the terminals the the only the supply to this as agency and connecting the supply wires to the of tight recommended. shipped from the factory wired operation. 208V operation, the from the 240V and to the 208V. Optional to the or wired of the NEC (ANSI/NFPA and the instructions with the the or ground to should as ground This electrically grounded with or, the of with the National (ANSI/NFPA or the CSA C22.1 the grounding the the thermostat thermostat Warning: recommended t-Stat Unit to t-Stat thermostat Thermostat should with the instructions with the thermostat and the The to from VAC Class II The comply with the of the NEC (ANSI/ NFPA and with The wires properly connected to the Recommended and typical thermostat Table The thermostat should mounted about the DO NOT the thermostat or other location where its affected heat from fireplaces, sunlight, or lighting and heat from or to the thermostat instruction mounting and information. the and allows the and top of the free from obstructions and and access/ cleaned and properly sealed to leads securely connected and the properly grounded. wires securely connected to the leads the supply branch overcurrent protection properly. the thermostat wired correctly. The thermostat's function should to OFF and the should to AUTO. to the Circulation Blower the thermostat OFF and the to ON. the blower continuously. the the supply and If detected, ductwork or the thermostat to AUTO and the blower
Cooling the thermostats to COOL and the to AUTO. the thermostat below and the and blower wheel indicated arrow. the the blower and that cooler than If sounds the of the and as necessary. HI and LO Allow the to and then the the and off with the thermostat. The blower should to the ON Heating (optional) the thermostat's to HEAT and the the optional heating or heat) and blower the the blower and that warmer than If sounds the of the and as necessary. charging this the factory with charge. while holding charge. the follow these charging instructions performance and efficiency. installation/service to service this type of charging with and should the to and/or service this to comply with this warning property injury, or death. This with POE If the the first then POE If then ZR42K5E-PFV-130 POE while ZR42K5-PFV-130 To properly these Read Instructions first. Complete operations. Warning: and the whole the holding charge. the to Allow the to least the amount of (or reclaimed) R-22 to or the rating to the amount of charge. charging charts to matched of this and the to with recommended. Deviations from rated or to the and charging procedures and operation. The and through the service to the only which to the Charging R-22 AC sub-cooling of F. With the operating steady-state, the the service Measure the the service the to charging. If the measured than the then there too the and through the correctly charged. If the measured than the there too charge the and through the correctly bore charge (inches) 018KA 024KB 030KB 036KB 042KA 048KA 060KA
to shock, injury, or death, to the or service. the than supply. to performance from the The to properly this mechanical and If these about the of Routine should include the following: Inspect and or the of each heating and cooling season, or required. Inspect the and the of each cooling season. Clean the and as using and thoroughly with Inspect the the of each heating and cooling season. Service as necessary. Warning: the should operated without the with the type and to to with The hermetically sealed the factory and through Please the and of the when Switches Thermostats Switches Blower Blower Assembly caUtion:
only, match Unit (ton) height -W- Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton Ton cooling charging chartS when (F) charging chart ton Units Unit when below
(F) (F) when charging chart ton Units (with when charging chart ton Units (with when below when below
(F) (F) when charging chart ton Units (with when charging chart ton Units when below when below
(F) (F) when charging chart ton Units when charging chart ton Units when below when below
boxes Rated The suction from flow, or than and greater than charted Suct. press. press. press. Suct. press. charging charging ton Units charging ton Units (with
boxes Rated The suction from flow, or than and than charted Suct. press. Suct. charging charging ton Units (with charging ton Units (with
boxes Rated The suction from flow, or than and greater than charted Suct. press. Suct. charging charging ton Units charging ton Units
Suct. press. press. Units (tons) ton ton ton ton ton ton ton Amps Ampacity suction Length/O.D. O.D. charge ounces): Unit charging ton Units O.D. MC MC MC O.D. O.D. O.D. PSC Amps HP SCFM RLA LRA Specifications physical
WIRING DIAGRAM Section) NOTES: servicing. supply conductors only. Not that to ground. wires conductors C. and overcurrent protection, rating to furnace/airhandler instructions and optional relay/transformer (ASCT) or the If ASCT factory only or as shown If and Black wires DO NOT with PTCR L1 T1 PTCR (If VOLT FIELD CONNECTIONS CC CCH Crankcase Heater HPS High Switch 208/230V CCH (OPTIONAL) COMPRESSOR CONTACTS C COMPRESSOR C C OUTDOOR FAN MOTOR ASCT (SEE NOTE CC ASCT LEGEND: FIELD WIRING LOW VOLTAGE HIGH VOLTAGE installations BLUE L2 ORANGE T2 RED OR YELLOW ASCT (SEE NOTE BLACK T2 T1 T3 YELLOW BLACK CRANKCASE HEATER SEE NOTE (OPTIONAL) Phase Optional to T2 BLACK START RELAY BLACK C OUTDOOR FAN MOTOR PTCR YELLOW DUAL CAPACITOR PTCR C YELLOW RED OR RED BLACK T1 T2 L1 L2 CONTACTOR RED OR RED BLACK C GROUNDING SCREW L1 L2 GND 710570B 710570A) to H RED YELLOW START CAPAC YELLOW to C YELLOW YELLOW OR YELLOW BLACK BLACK OR BLK WHT
CITY STATE UNIT MODEL UNIT SERIAL Unit clearances YES NO CITY STATE the owners information YES NO with the customer? the YES NO with the YES NO crankcase heaters? (high Suction Specifications to without or incurring obligations. Jackson, MI Printed U.S.A. performance tight? YES NO correct? YES NO Rated VOLTS L1-L2 VOLTS L1-L3 VOLTS L2-L3 VOLTS VOLTS of from VOLTS VOLTS Blower HP: Sheave the thermostat calibrated? YES NO the thermostat YES NO the heat correct? YES NO (If Applicable) Warranty information warranty with included with the these with or service The found to to operating the of the of service which included the warranty Correcting the supplying the or other switches. or of thermostat.