with R-410A Heat Inc. authorized service or of this authorized of this If the to replaced, authorized service only. with the and and authorized only. NOTE the this only. slightly
Heat Inc. with R-410A SafetyPrecautions Topreventinjurytotheuserorotherpeopleandpropertydamage,thefollowinginstructions mustbefollowed.Incorrectoperationduetoignoringofinstructionsmaycauseharmor Theseriousnessisclassifiedbythefollowingindications. To to the and the following instructions followed. Incorrect operation to instructions or The seriousness classified the following indications. WARNING CAUTION Thissymbolindicatesthepossibilityofinjuryordamagetoproperty. Meaningsofsymbolsusedinthismanualareasshownbelow. properly properly. Otherwise,itmaycauseelectric shockorfiredueto heat shock or fire to heat or the with other lengthorsharetheoutlet withotherappliances. It shock or Itmaycauseelectricshockor fireduetoheatgeneration. fire to heat with or Alwaysensureeffective earthing. Incorrectearthingmaycause electricshock. It shock Unplugtheunitifstrange comesfromit. the sounds, or from Itmaycausefireandelectric shock. Keepfirearmsaway. It fire and shock or Itmaycausefire. It shock or fire If the the or authorized or to Ventilateroombeforeoperatingair conditionerifthereisagasleakagefrom anotherappliance. or It and shock Itmaycauseexplosion,fireand,burns. Thissymbolindicatesthepossibilityofdeathorseriousinjury. Neverdothis. Alwaysdothis. Donotoperateorstopthe outthepowerplug. It shock Itmaycauseelectricshockorfire duetoheatgeneration. Donotoperatewithwet It shock or Itmaycauseelectricshock. fire to heat Donotallowwatertorun intoelectricparts. Itmaycausefailureofmachine orelectricshock. It fire and shock Donotusethesocketifitis and Itmaycausefireandelectric shock. Incorrect Donotusethepowercord closetoheatingappliances. fire and shock Itmaycausefireandelectric WARNING the operation or the or the the to heating Itmaycausefailureandelectricshock. Donotdamageorusean unspecifiedpowercord. effective grounding Incorrect Itmaycauseelectricshockorfire. Ifthepowercordisdamaged,it mustbereplacedbythemanufac- tureroranauthorisedservice centreorasimilarlyqualifiedper- shock the sounds, or from Donotdirectairflowat roomoccupantsonly. It fire and shock Thiscoulddamageyourhealth. allow to to Alwaysinstallcircuit breakerandadedicated Incorrectinstallationmaycause fireandelectricshock. It of or shock Donotopentheunit duringoperation. the or Itmaycauseelectricshock. It fire and shock Donotusethepowercordnear the or such as thinner, Itmaycauseanexplosionorfire. It or fire
with R-410A Heat Inc. the to the of the Whentheairfilteristobe removed,donottouchthe metalpartsoftheunit. Itmaycauseaninjury. It to of Whentheunitistobe cleaned,switchoff,andturn offthecircuitbreaker. the to cleaned, switch off, and off the Donotcleanunitwhen powerisonasitmaycause fireandelectricshock,itmay causeaninjury. clean when as it fire and shock Stop operation and the or hurricane Stopoperationandclose thewindowinstormor hurricane. with Operationwithwindows openedmaycausewetting householdfurniture. allow to and property around or of aroundair-inletsorinside ofair-outlet. It of or Itmaycausefailureof such as or thin- cloth thinnerbutuseasoftcloth. Appearance to of or scratching of its Appearancemaybe ofproductcoloror scratchingofitssurface. Usecautionwhenunpackingand installing.Sharpedgescouldcauseinjury. Donotcleantheair conditionerwithwater. Watermayentertheunitand degradetheinsulation.Itmay causeanelectricshock. Water the and the insulation. It shock Donotputapetorhouse plantwhereitwillbe exposedtodirectairflow. Thiscouldinjurethepetor It shock and Holdtheplugbythehead ofthepowerplugwhen Itmaycauseelectricshock If there of to of Ensurethattheinstallationbracketof theoutdoorapplianceisnotdamaged Ifbracketisdamaged,there isconcernofdamagedueto fallingofunit. There of fire or shock Donotplaceheavyobjectonthe powercordandensurethatthecord isnotcompressed. Thereisdangeroffireor electricshock. CAUTION allow to the cleaning the the head of the when that the of the without heavy the and that the It and when and Ifwaterenterstheunit,turntheunitoffatthepower outletandswitchoffthecircuitbreaker.Isolate supplybytakingthepower-plugoutandcontacta qualifiedservicetechnician. the when together with or there Ventilatetheroomwellwhen usedtogetherwithastove, Anoxygenshortagemayoccur. shortage fire and/or burns Turn off the switch when the Donotuseforspecial Donotusethisairconditionerto preserveprecisiondevices,food, Itmaycausedeteriorationof It of or fire the securely. Clean once every Turnoffthemainpower switchwhennot singthe Itmaycausefailureofproduct orfire. with dirty/clogged from Alwaysinsertthefilters securely.Cleanfilteronce Operationwithoutfiltersmay If the the off the outlet and switch off the supply and service fromairconditioner. couldmakeyousick. Water the and the insulation. It shock
Heat Inc. with R-410A NOTE Forsomemodels,thepower supplycordwiththisairconditioner PleaserefertothesectionOperation ofCurrentDevicefordetails. Intheeventthatthepowersupply cordisdamaged,itcannotbe repaired-itmustbereplacedwitha cordfromtheProductManufacturer. Please to the section of Donot,underany remove,orbypass thegroundingprong. Powersupplycord with3-pronggroundingplug andcurrentdetectiondevice Operationof CurrentDevice (Applicabletotheunitadoptscurrentdetectiondeviceonly) Thepowersupplycordcontainsacurrentdevicethatsensesdamagetothepowercord. Totestyourpower supplycorddothefollowing: 1.Pluginthe AirConditioner. Thepowersupplycordwillhave TWObuttonsontheplughead.Pressthe TEST button,youwillnoticea clickastheRESET buttonpopsout. 3.PresstheRESET button,againyouwillnoticeaclickasthebuttonengages. Thepowersupplycordisnowsupplyingelectricitytotheunit.(Onsomeproductsthisitalsoindicatedby alightontheplughead.) NOTES: Donotusethisdevicetoturntheunitonoroff. AlwaysmakesuretheRESET buttonispushedinforcorrectoperation. Thepowersupplymustbereplacedifitfailsresetwheneitherthe TEST buttonispushed,oritcannotbe newonecanbeobtainedfromtheproductmanufacturer. Ifpowersupplycordisdamaged,itcannotberepaired.ItMUST bereplacedbyone obtainedfromthe Cooling operation Heat operation IMPORTANTSAFETY INSTRUCTIONS 64.4-109.4F (18-43C) (T 69.8-125.6F (21-52C) (T 62.6-89.6F (17-32C) (T 62.6-89.6F (17-32C) (T 23.0-75.2F (-5-24C) (T 19.4-75.2F (-7-24C) (T 32.0-80.6F (0-27C) (T 32.0-86.0F (0-30C) (T Foryoursafety WARNING Donotstoreorusegasolineorotherflammablevaporsandliquidsin thevicinityofthisoranyotherappliance. Avoidfirehazardorelectricshock.Donotuseanextensioncordoran adaptorplug.Donotremoveanyprongfromthepowercord. WARNING ElectricalInformation Besuretheelectricalserviceisadequateforthemodelyouhave chosen. Thisinformationcanbefoundontheserialplate,which islocatedonthesideofthecabinetandbehindthegrille. Besuretheairconditionerisproperlygrounded. shockandfirehazards,propergroundingisimportant. Thepower cordisequippedwithathree-pronggroundingplugforprotection againstshockhazards. Yourairconditionermustbeusedinaproperlygroundedwall receptacle.Ifthewallreceptacleyouintendtouseisnotadequately groundedorprotectedbyatimedelayfuseorcircuitbreaker, haveaqualifiedelectricianinstalltheproperreceptacle. Ensurethereceptacleisaccessibleaftertheunitinstallation. Donotrunairconditionerwithoutsideprotectivecoverinplace. Thiscouldresultinmechanicaldamagewithintheairconditioner. Donotuseanextensioncordoranadapterplug.
with R-410A Heat Inc. or hissing heard to through operation. NOTE Clear and/or Follow Unit and of or or incorrect installation. or Swishing of or sounds. apply to or there features and lights. the purchased to these options apply.
Heat Inc. with R-410A TO CHANGE TEMPERATURE SETTING: Press or or Right buttons the the This anywhere 62F (17C) and 86F (30C). If the to the To Only section. The to the four or High. the pressed, the shifted. the operating the
with R-410A Heat Inc. TO SELECT THE OPERATING MODE: TO USE THE ENERGY SAVER FEATURE To choose operating the Each the selected that from Cool, and The light and once the selected. the AUTO cooling or operation what selected and the this function only when cooling such as or to to the this function, closed cooling cooling efficiency. You choose when selected. this the the of However, of cooling
Heat Inc. with R-410A AIR CONDITIONER FEATURES (CONTINUED) TIMER: AUTO START/STOP FEATURE This to the operation. The LED hours of operation. To cleaning the the and the light off.
with R-410A Heat Inc. AIR CONDITIONER FEATURES (CONTINUED) The to this the off and cooling Once the passed, the and cooling THE DISPLAYS The of or To from to the other, and the and Right the seconds.
Heat Inc. with R-410A The allow to the or Right throughout the as the obtained.
with R-410A Heat Inc. B. the and I section of the the as shown 2A, 2B the to enough to the top and of the the the
Heat Inc. with R-410A
with R-410A Heat Inc.
Heat Inc. with R-410A 104F (40C)
with R-410A Heat Inc. Beforecallingforservice,reviewthislist.Itmaysaveyoutimeandexpense. Thislistincludescommon occurrencesthatarenottheresultofdefectiveworkman-shipormaterialsinthisappliance. Airfromunitdoes enough cooling,butroom istoowarm-ice formingoncooling coilbehind cooling,butroom iceformingon coolingcoilbehind Airconditionerturnson andoffrapidly Noisewhenunitis cooling INSIDEwhen TROUBLESHOOTINGTIPS Wallplugdisconnected.Pushplugfirmlyintowalloutlet. Housefuseblownorcircuitbreakertripped.Replacefusewithtimedelaytypeor resetcircuitbreaker. PlugCurrentDeviceTripped.PresstheRESETbutton. ControlisOFF.TurnControlONandsettodesiredsetting. Roomtemperaturebelow17C(62F).Coolingmaynotoccuruntilroomtemperature 17C(62F). 62F (17C). Temperaturesensingelementtouchingcoldcoil,locatedbehindairfilter.Straighten tubeawayfromcoil. ResettoaLowertemperature. Compressorshut-offbychangingmodes.Waitapproximately3minutesandlistenfor compressortorestartwhensetintheCOOL Outdoortemperaturebelow18C(64F).Todefrostthecoil,setFANONLY Airfiltermaybedirty.Cleanfilter.RefertoCareandCleaningsection.Todefrost, Thermostatsettoocoldfornight-timecooling.Todefrostthecoil,settoFANONLY mode.Then,settemperaturetoaHighersetting. Dirtyairfilter-airrestricted.Cleanairfilter.RefertoCareandCleaningsection. TemperatureissettooHigh,settemperaturetoaLowersetting. Airdirectionallouverspositionedimproperly.Positionlouversforbetterairdistribution. Frontofunitsisblockedbydrapes,blinds,furniture,etc.-restrictsairdistribution. Clearblockageinfrontofunit. Unitrecentlyturnedoninhotroom. AllowadditionaltimetoremoveStoredheatfrom walls,ceiling,floorandfurniture. Dirtyairfilter-airrestricted.Cleanairfilter. Outsidetemperatureextremelyhot.SetFANspeedtoaHighersettingtobringairpast coolingcoilsmorefrequently. Airmovementsound.Thisisnormal.Iftooloud,settoaslowerFANsetting. Windowvibration-poorinstallation.Refertoinstallationinstructionsorcheckwithinstaller. Improperinstallation.Tiltairconditionerslightlytotheoutsidetoallowwaterdrainage. Refertoinstallationinstructions-checkwithinstaller. 62F (17C). 64F (18C). the rear/outside to allow
Heat Inc. with R-410A OUTSIDEwhen RemoteSensing Deactivating Prematurely Settemperaturetoolow.Increasesettemperature. Roomtoocold Unitremovinglargequantityofmoisturefromhumidroom.Thisisnormalduring excessivelyhumiddays. Remotecontrolnotlocatedwithinrange.Placeremotecontrolwithin20feet&180, radiusofthefrontoftheunit. Remotecontrolsignalobstructed.Removeobstruction.