OWNERS MANUAL SMA/SMH C Ductless A/C and Heat Heat Inc. MI www.heatcontroller.com
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. of Precautions and Instructions and Functions Directional Typical Occurrences.............................................. and and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting CAUTION! authorized service or of this with and authorized
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. To to the other people and/or to property, the following instructions Incorrect to these instructions or The seriousness the following indications: WARNING! CAUTION! of this as shown below: WARNING! CAUTION! This the of death or serious This the of or to property. this. this. to this yourself. This user-serviceable authorized service repairs. or the or and operation the supply. to the supply the of malfunction (burning immediately operation, the supply, and authorized service or heating the or other heating or the from the or top of the the directly to the with Turn off when the the from the become Heating; with apply heavy to only with or cover the or outlet that least from the or the
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. The of the of the following: The of the of the following: NOTE cooling light FAN ONLY, NOTE cooling only light FAN ONLY, AUTO This when the AUTO operation. AUTO This when the AUTO operation. DEFROST cooling heating only) This when the defrosting or when the activated heating operation. DEFROST cooling heating only) This when the defrosting or when the activated heating operation.
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. TEMPERATURE the when the OPERATION /POWER This and when the operation. The lights second) when protection operation. TIMER This when the TIMER ON/OFF.
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. and and Heater cooling round, including when to below to as they with factory The the head the amount of flow through the which to and to or such as server/computer or cooling Additionally, crank heater and factory as with the The crank heater to the when the operating and to the enough that to heaters to greatly reduce heat to Together, the with the factory crank heater, allow the to cool round, chart below operating Conditions to to Cooling to to Heating to to Dehumidification temporarily to the without using the This to the and troubleshooting authorized service technician. and the front and clicking sound. the the forced AUTO the to its CAUTION Once the the operation the following AUTO COOL OFF the the forced COOL which testing the third the operating and off. To of the to the to the with the
Heat Inc. OWNERS MANUAL SMA/SMH AUTO operation the to AUTO matically cooling, heating (heat only), or operation what selected and the The around the select. If the AUTO manually. ECONOMY/SLEEP ECONOMY activates SLEEP cooling, heating (heat only), or AUTO operation, the increase (cooling) or (heating) 2F (1C) hour. The become steady hours The SLEEP off hours and back to the The This the while and DRY MODE/DEHUMIDIFYING The while turning and off of the cooling operation or only. The AUTO and used. Tips: To performance, please the following: the correctly that directed directly blowing the to the highest the to COOL or HEAT and within the that the operating to crease performance. TIMER ON the to to or as the of the reduced and the to flow Clean the otherwise cooling or heating performance reduced. with
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. Direction NOTES: the to the Manually the To the flow(UpDown) this function while the operation. the SWING the to the The of each of the and than seconds, the tion activated and the and to Please to the REMOTE CONTROLLER OPERATION MANUAL To the flow (leftright) the to right manually to the the IMPORTANT the to right the supply disconnected. CAUTION! the with the cooling or the of the causing to to the or furnishings. the manually necessary. the the immediately the might seconds. of the should too as COOLING or HEATING performance impaired to too restriction of flow with closed the connected to the sound seconds, this operation function.
Heat Inc. OWNERS MANUAL SMA/SMH Typical Occurrences The following operation. Protection of the protection If the and then immediately restarted the about to the (heat only) The to HEAT when the heat of the following three and the reached. A) heating B) Defrosting occurring C) heating occurring Defrosting (Cooling and heating only) The or when defrosting (heat only). the heat when and high, heating efficiency of the this the heating and defrosting automatically. Defrost from to to the and the amount of frost the or white from the to and COOL that high relative humidity. white to from the defrosting when the HEAT defrosting. Typical sounds You hear hissing sound when the or This sound the sound of the flowing or to You hear sound when the or This caused heat and of the the when the heard to restoring its when first turned sound heard when the defrosting. blown from the This when the or first of the and of the Cleaning off of the operation this. from the This caused the off permeated from building from or burning there something with the off the and authorized servicer. to FAN ONLY the reaches the the automatically, and the to FAN The when the the the COOL or below the the HEAT (heat
SMA/SMH OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. the of the when cooling relatively high humidity. the to the outlet and HIGH NOTE Water the or below the Heating (heat only) The heat from the and releases the heat- operation. the heat the accordingly. At the the heat of the increases to and If cant achieved the heating function operation the completely. with the when the the the the memory function of the to interference which wireless within of the conditioning the to malfunction. the with and then the with the ON/OFF the to operation. that the as from interference as otherwise wireless interference
Heat Inc. OWNERS MANUAL SMA/SMH and Cleaning the and Remote Turn the off cleaning. To clean, with cloth. bleach or NOTE: cleaning the CAUTION! cloth to the as the cloth chemically treated cloth or to the thinner, polishing or cleaning. These the to crack or than 104F (40C) to the front or Cleaning the reduces the cooling of this Please the once every the to with clicking sound. the of the and slightly to from the then the AIR FILTER from the Clean the AIR FILTER once Clean the AIR FILTER with or then
Heat Inc. OWNERS MANUAL SMA/SMH Troubleshooting Stop the immediately of the following the and authorized servicer. OPERATION light flashes every second) and this cant the and then reconnecting service or Other (such as burning that cant the outlined below. Symptoms Cause/Things to What should the to or there to the to supply blown or the or the tripped. Unit or the and the or incorrectly. correct. the or correctly. Clean the to flow cooling or heating (heat only) performance the or within the or cooled/heated to increase efficiency and performance. or outlet of or Clear obstructions then the activated the If the these or burning or the operation light flashes repeatedly, immediately operation, the and authorized service to and the to cooling/heating.