REG-183H REG-253H RADS-151H RADS-183H RADS-253H
with R-410A Heat Inc. authorized service or of this authorized of this If the to replaced, authorized service only. with the and and authorized only. NOTE the this only. slightly
Heat Inc. with R-410A SafetyPrecautions Topreventinjurytotheuserorotherpeopleandpropertydamage,thefollowinginstructions mustbefollowed.Incorrectoperationduetoignoringofinstructionsmaycauseharmor Theseriousnessisclassifiedbythefollowingindications. To to the user and the following instructions followed. Incorrect to instructions or The seriousness classified the following indications. WARNING CAUTION Thissymbolindicatesthepossibilityofinjuryordamagetoproperty. Meaningsofsymbolsusedinthismanualareasshownbelow. properly properly. Otherwise,itmaycauseelectric shockorfiredueto heat shock or fire to heat or the with other lengthorsharetheoutlet withotherappliances. It shock or Itmaycauseelectricshockor fireduetoheatgeneration. fire to heat with or Alwaysensureeffective earthing. Incorrectearthingmaycause electricshock. It shock Unplugtheunitifstrange comesfromit. the sounds, or from Itmaycausefireandelectric shock. Keepfirearmsaway. It fire and shock or Itmaycausefire. It shock or fire If the the or authorized or to Ventilateroombeforeoperatingair conditionerifthereisagasleakagefrom anotherappliance. or It and shock Itmaycauseexplosion,fireand,burns. Thissymbolindicatesthepossibilityofdeathorseriousinjury. Neverdothis. Alwaysdothis. Donotoperateorstopthe outthepowerplug. It shock Itmaycauseelectricshockorfire duetoheatgeneration. Donotoperatewithwet It shock or Itmaycauseelectricshock. fire to heat Donotallowwatertorun intoelectricparts. Itmaycausefailureofmachine orelectricshock. It fire and shock Donotusethesocketifitis and Itmaycausefireandelectric shock. Incorrect Donotusethepowercord closetoheatingappliances. fire and shock Itmaycausefireandelectric shock. WARNING the or the or the the to heating Itmaycausefailureandelectricshock. effective grounding unspecifiedpowercord. Incorrect grounding Itmaycauseelectricshockorfire. Ifthepowercordisdamaged,it mustbereplacedbythemanufac- tureroranauthorisedservice centreorasimilarlyqualifiedper- shock the sounds, or from Donotdirectairflowat roomoccupantsonly. It fire and shock Thiscoulddamageyourhealth. allow to to Alwaysinstallcircuit breakerandadedicated Incorrectinstallationmaycause fireandelectricshock. It of or shock Donotopentheunit duringoperation. the or Itmaycauseelectricshock. It fire and shock Donotusethepowercordnear the or such as thinner, Itmaycauseanexplosionorfire. It or fire
with R-410A Heat Inc. the to the of the Whentheairfilteristobe removed,donottouchthe metalpartsoftheunit. Itmaycauseaninjury. It to of Whentheunitistobe cleaned,switchoff,andturn offthecircuitbreaker. the to cleaned, switch off, and turn off the Donotcleanunitwhen powerisonasitmaycause fireandelectricshock,itmay causeaninjury. when as fire and shock Stop operation and the or hurricane Stopoperationandclose thewindowinstormor hurricane. with Operationwithwindows openedmaycausewetting householdfurniture. allow to and property around or of aroundair-inletsorinside ofair-outlet. It of or Itmaycausefailureof such as or thin- cloth thinnerbutuseasoftcloth. Appearance to of or scratching of its Appearancemaybe ofproductcoloror scratchingofitssurface. Usecautionwhenunpackingand installing.Sharpedgescouldcauseinjury. Donotcleantheair conditionerwithwater. Watermayentertheunitand degradetheinsulation.Itmay causeanelectricshock. Water the and the insulation. It shock Donotputapetorhouse plantwhereitwillbe exposedtodirectairflow. Thiscouldinjurethepetor It shock and Holdtheplugbythehead ofthepowerplugwhen Itmaycauseelectricshock If there of to of Ensurethattheinstallationbracketof theoutdoorapplianceisnotdamaged Ifbracketisdamaged,there isconcernofdamagedueto fallingofunit. There of fire or shock Donotplaceheavyobjectonthe powercordandensurethatthecord isnotcompressed. Thereisdangeroffireor electricshock. CAUTION allow to the cleaning the the head of the when that the of the without heavy the and that the It and when and Ifwaterenterstheunit,turntheunitoffatthepower outletandswitchoffthecircuitbreaker.Isolate supplybytakingthepower-plugoutandcontacta qualifiedservicetechnician. the when together with or there Ventilatetheroomwellwhen usedtogetherwithastove, Anoxygenshortagemayoccur. shortage fire and/or burns Turn off the switch when the Donotuseforspecial Donotusethisairconditionerto preserveprecisiondevices,food, Itmaycausedeteriorationof quality,etc. It of or fire the securely. Clean once every Turnoffthemainpower switchwhennot singthe Itmaycausefailureofproduct orfire. with dirty/clogged from tioner Alwaysinsertthefilters securely.Cleanfilteronce Operationwithoutfiltersmay If the the off the outlet and switch off the supply and service technician fromairconditioner. couldmakeyousick. Water the and the insulation. It shock
Heat Inc. with R-410A NOTE Forsomemodels,thepower supplycordwiththisairconditioner PleaserefertothesectionOperation ofCurrentDevicefordetails. Intheeventthatthepowersupply cordisdamaged,itcannotbe repaired-itmustbereplacedwitha cordfromtheProductManufacturer. Please to the section of Donot,underany remove,orbypass thegroundingprong. Powersupplycord with3-pronggroundingplug andcurrentdetectiondevice Operationof CurrentDevice (Applicabletotheunitadoptscurrentdetectiondeviceonly) Thepowersupplycordcontainsacurrentdevicethatsensesdamagetothepowercord. Totestyourpower supplycorddothefollowing: 1.Pluginthe AirConditioner. Thepowersupplycordwillhave TWObuttonsontheplughead.Pressthe TEST button,youwillnoticea clickastheRESET buttonpopsout. 3.PresstheRESET button,againyouwillnoticeaclickasthebuttonengages. Thepowersupplycordisnowsupplyingelectricitytotheunit.(Onsomeproductsthisitalsoindicatedby alightontheplughead.) NOTES: Donotusethisdevicetoturntheunitonoroff. AlwaysmakesuretheRESET buttonispushedinforcorrectoperation. Thepowersupplymustbereplacedifitfailsresetwheneitherthe TEST buttonispushed,oritcannotbe newonecanbeobtainedfromtheproductmanufacturer. Ifpowersupplycordisdamaged,itcannotberepaired.ItMUST bereplacedbyone obtainedfromthe IMPORTANTSAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Foryoursafety WARNING Donotstoreorusegasolineorotherflammablevaporsandliquidsin thevicinityofthisoranyotherappliance. Avoidfirehazardorelectricshock.Donotuseanextensioncordoran adaptorplug.Donotremoveanyprongfromthepowercord. WARNING ElectricalInformation Besuretheelectricalserviceisadequateforthemodelyouhave chosen. Thisinformationcanbefoundontheserialplate,which islocatedonthesideofthecabinetandbehindthegrille. Besuretheairconditionerisproperlygrounded. shockandfirehazards,propergroundingisimportant. Thepower cordisequippedwithathree-pronggroundingplugforprotection againstshockhazards. Yourairconditionermustbeusedinaproperlygroundedwall receptacle.Ifthewallreceptacleyouintendtouseisnotadequately groundedorprotectedbyatimedelayfuseorcircuitbreaker, haveaqualifiedelectricianinstalltheproperreceptacle. Ensurethereceptacleisaccessibleaftertheunitinstallation. Donotrunairconditionerwithoutsideprotectivecoverinplace. Thiscouldresultinmechanicaldamagewithintheairconditioner. Donotuseanextensioncordoranadapterplug.
with R-410A Heat Inc. or hissing heard to through operation. Cooling operation Heat NOTE Clear and/or Follow apply to 64.4-109.4F (18-43C) (T 69.8-125.6F (21-52C) (T 62.6-89.6F (17-32C) (T 62.6-89.6F (17-32C) (T 23.0-75.2F (-5-24C) (T 19.4-75.2F (-7-24C) (T 32.0-80.6F (0-27C) (T 32.0-86.0F (0-30C) (T or there and lights. the purchased to these options apply. Unit and of or or incorrect or Swishing of or sounds.
Heat Inc. with R-410A TO CHANGE TEMPERATURE SETTING: Press or or the the This anywhere 62F (17C) and 86F (30C). If the to the to Only section. The to the four or High. the pressed, the shifted. the operating the
with R-410A Heat Inc. and The light the selected and once the selected. To the to AUTO cooling, heating or what selected and the The around the selected. To only: this function when cooling such as or to to the this function, closed cooling cooling efficiency. You choose To this the the of to from the of cooling
Heat Inc. with R-410A AIR CONDITIONER FEATURES (CONTINUED) TIMER: AUTO START/STOP FEATURE Press or the UP or DOWN to the hour to then count the
with R-410A Heat Inc. AIR CONDITIONER FEATURES (CONTINUED) THE DISPLAYS The of or To from to the other, and the and Right buttons the seconds.
Heat Inc. with R-410A
with R-410A Heat Inc.
Heat Inc. with R-410A
with R-410A Heat Inc.
Heat Inc. with R-410A
with R-410A Heat Inc.
Heat Inc. with R-410A Heat Inc. with R-410A
with R-410A Heat Inc. with R-410A Heat Inc.
Heat Inc. with R-410A Cleanyourairconditioneroccasionallytokeepitlookingnew. Besuretounplugtheunit beforecleaningtopreventchockorfirehazards. CARE ANDCLEANING WARNING CAUTION AirFilterCleaning Theairfiltershouldbecheckedatleastoncea monthtoseeifcleaningisnecessary. Trapped particlesinthefiltercanbuildupandcausean accumulationoffrostonthecoolingcoils. PushtheventhandletotheVentClosedposition (whereapplicable). Openthefrontpanel. Graspthefilter,pullupandout. Washthefilterusingliquiddishwashingdeter- gentandwarmwater.Rinsefilterthoroughly. Gentlyshakeexcesswaterfromthefilter.Be surethefilteristhoroughlydrybeforereplacing. Or,insteadofwashingyoumayvacuumthe filterclean. C(104 F) to cleantheairfilter.Neverattempttooperatethe unitwithouttheairfilter. CabinetCleaning Besuretounplugtheairconditionertoprevent shockorfirehazard. Thecabinetandfrontmay bedustedwithanoil-freeclothorwashedwith aclothdampenedinasolutionofwarmwater andmildliquiddishwashingdetergent.Rinse thoroughlyandwipedry. Neveruseharshcleaners,waxorpolishonthe cabinetfront. Besuretowringexcesswaterfromtheclothbefore wipingaroundthecontrols.Excesswaterinoraround thecontrolsmaycausedamagetotheairconditioner. Pluginairconditioner. Ifyouplantostoretheairconditionerduringthewinter, removeitcarefullyfromthewindowaccordingtothe installationinstructions.Coveritwithplasticorreturnit totheoriginalcarton. 104F (40C)
with R-410A Heat Inc. Beforecallingforservice,reviewthislist.Itmaysaveyoutimeandexpense. Thislistincludescommon occurrencesthatarenottheresultofdefectiveworkman-shipormaterialsinthisappliance. Airfromunitdoes enough cooling,butroom istoowarm-ice formingoncooling coilbehind cooling,butroom iceformingon coolingcoilbehind Airconditionerturnson andoffrapidly Noisewhenunitis cooling INSIDEwhen TROUBLESHOOTINGTIPS Wallplugdisconnected.Pushplugfirmlyintowalloutlet. Housefuseblownorcircuitbreakertripped.Replacefusewithtimedelaytypeor PlugCurrentDeviceTripped.PresstheRESETbutton. ControlisOFF.TurnControlONandsettodesiredsetting. Roomtemperaturebelow17C(62F).Coolingmaynotoccuruntilroomtemperature 17C(62F). 62F (17C). Temperaturesensingelementtouchingcoldcoil,locatedbehindairfilter.Straighten tubeawayfromcoil. ResettoaLowertemperature. Compressorshut-offbychangingmodes.Waitapproximately3minutesandlistenfor compressortorestartwhensetintheCOOL Outdoortemperaturebelow18C(64F).Todefrostthecoil,setFANONLY Airfiltermaybedirty.Cleanfilter.RefertoCareandCleaningsection.Todefrost, Thermostatsettoocoldfornight-timecooling.Todefrostthecoil,settoFANONLY mode.Then,settemperaturetoaHighersetting. Dirtyairfilter-airrestricted.Cleanairfilter.RefertoCareandCleaningsection. TemperatureissettooHigh,settemperaturetoaLowersetting. Airdirectionallouverspositionedimproperly.Positionlouversforbetterairdistribution. Frontofunitsisblockedbydrapes,blinds,furniture,etc.-restrictsairdistribution. Clearblockageinfrontofunit. Unitrecentlyturnedoninhotroom. AllowadditionaltimetoremoveStoredheatfrom walls,ceiling,floorandfurniture. Dirtyairfilter-airrestricted.Cleanairfilter. Outsidetemperatureextremelyhot.SetFANspeedtoaHighersettingtobringairpast coolingcoilsmorefrequently. Airmovementsound.Thisisnormal.Iftooloud,settoaslowerFANsetting. Windowvibration-poorinstallation.Refertoinstallationinstructionsorcheckwithinstaller. Improperinstallation.Tiltairconditionerslightlytotheoutsidetoallowwaterdrainage. Refertoinstallationinstructions-checkwithinstaller. 62F (17C). 64F (18C). the rear/outside to allow
Heat Inc. with R-410A OUTSIDEwhen Deactivating Prematurely Settemperaturetoolow.Increasesettemperature. Roomtoocold Unitremovinglargequantityofmoisturefromhumidroom.Thisisnormalduring excessivelyhumiddays. Remotecontrolnotlocatedwithinrange.Placeremotecontrolwithin20feet&180, radiusofthefrontoftheunit. Remotecontrolsignalobstructed.Removeobstruction.