HEAT CONTROLLER, INC. Wall Mounted MMC18DA-1 MMH18DA-1 MMC24DA-1 MMH24DA-1 MMC36TA-1 MMH36TA-1 Conditioning Heat
Wall Mounted TABLE OF CONTENTS Precautions of Unit Select the location Applications and Installation.......................8 and Mounting Plate the the Work and of Connecting the Connecting the Unit and Unit the to the the to the of the the to the Checking the Drainage, the and Checking the the and and Checking........................................................24 Charging Wall Mounted Screw inch) wrenches wrench of wrench(4 inch) Detector Thermometer Remote
18/24K than than inch) inch) than inch) plate "B" screws Remote rear) than inch) "A" screws and anchors cover Connecting hose than inch) 36K than than inch) inch) than inch) Parts rear) than inch) cover Connecting hose than inch)
Precautions Precautions To to the or other people and property the following instructions followed. Incorrect operation to instructions or The seriousness classified the following indications. WARNING CAUTION of this as shown below. or this dedicated There of fire or shock. the and the of securely. There of fire or shock. Wall Mounted This the of death or serious This the of or the or Authorized Service or the There of fire or shock. and or fire or shock. to to follow the instruction. WARNING electrically ground the There of fire or shock. the correctly rated or There of fire or shock.
or the There of fire or shock. the It injury, or to the the the where the height from the than There that injury. when and the Sharp injury. of the and the the and the when the high and or and or the yourself(customer) High-Pressure installation, the or Authorized Service There of fire, shock, or the with If the the with causing property and injury.
Precautions Operation or or near the There of fire or of or of of the where the sound or from the offensive to neighbors. It neighbors. Wall Mounted the hose to that properly. or people to and the injury. CAUTION when the To or the where to directly. It the particularly the and malfunction or operation.
of Unit completely, then follow Select the location heat or the Select where there front of the that routed the allow to the and the to to to the CAUTION: the the where the height from the than If built the to sunlight or that heat from the restricted. the unobstructed, allow to the and the and the of the the weight account and where and Select that the and sound from the neighbors. Rooftop Installations: If the to the the and anchoring the location. rooftop Unit More than inch) More than 18/24K than inch) than inch) than inch) 36K than inch) than inch) of Unit More than inch) than inch) than inch) More than inch) than inch)
of Unit Applications and should where such as or produced. the where to wind) directly. It to the Particularly the and malfunction or performance. If the to the that directly to the wind. Selecting the location(Outdoor Unit) If the to to the to the should the the of the wind To the the to the to Select than once/year cleaning of the or the heat using recommended. Wall Mounted Sea It should enough to the from the The height and should than of the of (27.6inches) of and the easy flow.
and Capacity of (A+B/A+B+C) 18K 24K 36K Capacity Additional Length 9K 12K 36K 18/24K CAUTION: Capacity based and allowance based reliability. of each (A/B/C) of each (A/B/C) of Unit each and C
of Unit Mounting Plate The should and enough to Mount the the with type "A" screws. If mounting the anchor Mount the plate the Measure the and the It to concerning the location of the plate-routing of the to outlets through the typically. (inch) CHASSIS 9K 12K the the the with ( inch) the the right or the with the slightly to the Wall Mounted C WALL Chassis C inch Right Plate "A" screw inch
Work and of to Carry the the following the the accessory or the purchased locally. the the and the the than measured the than the length. Completely burrs from the section of the of the as burrs to burrs the attached to and then them completed to them Carry using as shown below. the shown the below. inch inch 6.35 9.52 Work and of Rough Reamer "A" arrow
Work and of the with the the right. If section off and the Connecting the the and hose through the the the the right) and the and hose from chassis. right Route the and the hose the of right. the connecting the from the through the the to the with the easy the and the that the hose located the lowest of the Locating the the to the the If the hose routed the the hose with insulation that from "sweating"(condensation) or *Foamed or recommended. Wall Mounted Smooth round round without scratches Cracked thickness hose Connecting hose Connecting hose
the the of the the of the top of the with the of the that the properly seated the plate and right. Press the and right of the the installation the their slots(clicking sound). Connecting the to the and hose to the of the and sufficiently the hand. the with wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 Next, the Then the the insulation around the insulation and the insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with the and hose together wrapping them with enough to cover where they the housing section. Work and of Wrench with Connecting hose Connecting wrench (fixed) hose tape(narrow) Insulation tape(narrow) with hose
Work and of the and the hose to the the and the the the the Don't the to the with the easy the hose and the connecting the from the the top of the the the and the and the of the from the Connecting the to the and the hose to the of the and sufficiently the hand. the with wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 Next, the Then the Wall Mounted Wrench hose plate inch) wrench (fixed) hose Connecting
the insulation around the the insulation and the heat insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with the and hose together them with the within which they the housing section. Reroute the and the hose the back of the chassis. the spacer. that the properly seated the plate and right. Press the and right of the the plate the their slots(clicking sound). Work and of with Connecting hose tape(narrow) through Insulation tape(narrow) with Connecting hose
Work and of Information. Follow the instruction below. Press the of and the to Worst the from right to to the Wall Mounted
the of the and sufficiently the hand. Finally, the with wrench the wrench clicks. the with the wrench, the follows the arrow the wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 Work and of 18/24K 36K A-UNIT B-UNIT wrench A-UNIT B-UNIT C-UNIT wrench
Connecting the Unit and Unit Connecting the Unit and Unit the to the the to the the wires to the terminals the board individually to the that the of the wires of the and the the as those of the The ground should than the wires. The to without to the the front of Unit. The the found the of the Unit cover. RECOMMENDATION: The to without to wires to the the wires firmly, that they pulled easily. the wires to to the RECOMMENDATION: and the as shown below. RECOMMENDATION: The to the should comply with the following specifications: ETL and CSA certified. 24K 36K (208~230V) The connecting connected to the and should comply with the following specifications: ETL and CSA certified. RECOMMENDATION: the wires as the cord, please the wires the using wraps to wires together Wall Mounted AWG14 (below 40V) (208~230V) GN/YL inch) AWG18 GN/YL inch) AWG12 (Allowable to the rated least 90C) or GN/YL inch)
the to the the cover from the the screws. the wires to the terminals the individually the following. the the board with the the cover to the the screws. 18K the Unit L1 L2 the Unit the Unit Source 208/230V AC (High L2 L1 the Unit the Unit the Unit Source 208/230V AC (High L2 L1 the Unit the Unit the Unit Source 208/230V AC (High the high and NOTICE heat of withstanding to 75C(167F). rated least 300V the and SJO-WA) WARNING: to with and while the from the to the of and Every firmly. should allowed to the or Connecting the Unit and Unit the Unit A-UNIT Connecting 24K the Unit the Unit A-UNIT B-UNIT 36K the Unit the Unit A-UNIT B-UNIT inch) supply B-UNIT cover Connecting the Unit C-UNIT Connecting the Unit C Connecting supply
Connecting the Unit and Unit of the two-caps the the through through the the the of the through the Properly the the the with the to reduce the when the pulled to pound WARNING: the to overheat or malfunction. fire Therefore, tightly connected. connecting each to the follow instructions to to the and the tightly the screw of the to to the terminals the with or wire- then the insulation to the about screwdriver, the screw(s) the round or securely each with round the round wire, and the screw screwdriver. Wall Mounted supply 230/208V) the screw Connecting High the tightly Cord Cap(Remove) Round
CAUTION: and the as shown below. or the to the the wires to the terminals the individually to the that the of the wires of and the the as those of respectively. the the the and right of the and four the top of the chassis. Press the the chassis back Connecting the Unit and Unit or Capacity 1, 208V 18K 24K 36K 1, 208V 1, 208V Connecting
Checking the Drainage, the and Applications Checking the Drainage, the and Applications Checking the To the of the the flows through the hose of the without and through the The hose should Incorrect of hose Water Water Wall Mounted Water than
the and Applications the the connecting of the with insulation and with of If to the of the outlet should routed the ground. the hose where the below the the following: the hose and connecting from to the the using or where the the the following. the and connecting from to the the to the the the using or Checking the Drainage, the and Applications around the with type Trap to from hose Connecting supply around the with type Trap Trap
and and and the effects as indicated below. the Cooling(or heating) efficiency the and Water to of the Therefore, the and connecting and to and the Checking Preparation that each tube(both and the and properly connected and the completed. the service from both the and the the that both the and the service the closed this the valve(with and to this service with hoses. CAUTION: to testing. The high closed. the to than P.S.I.G. with and the when the reading reached P.S.I.G. Next, with CAUTION: To the the top of the higher than its when the Usually, the testing should each NOTICE Wall Mounted of of the and and both and service with to off the with cloth. the found to free of the the charge hose the the reduced to the hose from the Charge hose
the charge hose the to the to the and Confirm the of the Then, the The with and capacity of the [Each The operated than 0.8torr of the the reached, the of the and the Finishing the With service wrench, the of counter-clockwise to the Turn the of counter-clockwise to the the charge hose connected to the service slightly to release the then the the and its the service and the securely with wrench. This to from the the both and service and them tight. This with The ready NOTICE each and
Charging Charging Each factory rating the as as each shorter or then the which and and the the to Whether the shorter or the based of or based of R410A Capacity of (A+B+C) 18K 24K 36K ounces foot= ounces of R410A If of the charge, and the charge using the charge amount the rating or shorter than each Wall Mounted of each (A/B/C) each and of each (A/B/C) Additional
that and properly connected. that the and service the cover to the arrow that the and of correctly. the cover back rechargeable batteries. the from the the to NOTICE of the performance then the charge: 1.Measure the of of the service Measure the of the and of the the and the than 8C(14.4F). reference, cooling shown below. The of the TEMP. service R410A 35C (95F) P.S.I.G) If the higher than shown, the over-charged, and charge should If the than shown, the and charge should NOTICE should the operation (Heating or Cooling
MFL39059502 Specifications and performance to without