DMC24DB-1, DMH24DB-1 DMC36TB-1, DMH36TB-1
TABLE OF CONTENTS Precautions of Unit Select the location and Fixing Plate the Work and of Connecting the Connecting the Unit and Unit the to the the to the of the the to the Checking the Drainage, Forming the and Checking the Forming the and Checking Evacuation..............................................................26 Charging Screw wrenches of Screw wrench(4mm) Thermometer Remote
than than inch) inch) than inch) plate "B" screws rear) than inch) "A" screws and anchors Connecting hose than than inch) inch) than inch) rear) than inch) cover Connecting hose
Precautions To the of the user or other people and property the following instructions followed. Incorrect to instruction or The seriousness classified the following indications. The of the this as shown below. the or Authorized Service There of fire or shock. when and the of the This the of death or serious This the of or to only. the and the cover of securely. There of fire or shock. the or Authorized Service There of fire, shock, or injury. to to follow the instruction. or the (customer). There of fire, shock, or injury. the It or to the
the with If the the with causing property and allow to There of fire, of the and/or shock. the tightly closed the fresh the the where the height from the than There that injury. the when the high and or and or furnishings. off the and turning the the telephone or switches or off. There of or fire. the yourself(customer) High-Pressure injury. of or the There of fire or Turn of to the sounds or from There of and/or shock. Thinner
Precautions Stop and or hurricane. the hurricane arrives. There of property of or shock. the from to when operating together with There of fire or shock. to that or the There and the of the operation. the the There of physical shock, or Turn off to the cleaning or There of shock. or other through the or while the There and that the or submerged), Authorized Service There of shock. the off the There of or or operation.
or of the where the or from the offend the neighbors. It neighbors. This health. the hose to that properly. or people to and the injury. the such as foods, of It There of or of property. when the To or the where to directly. It the the and malfunction or operation. the or of flow. It
cloth to clean. There of fire, shock or to the of the the securely. Clean the or often necessary. reduces the efficiency of the and malfunction or the the There of fire or the of the when the They There of injury. the from the It and serious health recharge or the of fire. They or or the There of and of firm or when cleaning or the and injury. If the from the or clothes, with clean the the The chemicals burns or other health
of Unit completely, then follow Select the location heat or the Select where there front of the that routed the indicated arrows from the or other to to to the CAUTION: the the where the height from the than If built the to sunlight or that heat from the restricted. that the indicated arrows around front, back and of the and the of the the weight account and where and that the and sound from the neighbors. Rooftop Installations: If the to the the and anchoring the location. rooftop mounting. More than inch) More than inch) than inch) than inch) than inch) than inch) of Unit than inch) than inch) than inch) More than inch)
of Unit and Capacity(Btu/h) of (A+B/A+B+C) Capacity CAUTION: Capacity based and the of reliability. should every of each (A/B/C) Additional of each (A/B/C) each and C
Fixing Plate The should and enough to Mount the the with type "A" screws. If mounting the anchor Mount the the the and the It to concerning the location of the plate-routing of the to through the typically. the through the CHASSIS SE the the with the the right or the with the slightly to the C WALL Chassis C Right rear of Unit Plate "A" screw plate
Work and of Work and of to Carry the following the and the the accessory or the purchased locally. the the and the the than measured the than the length. Completely burrs from the section of the of the as burrs to burrs the to and then them completed to them Carry as shown below. the shown the inch 6.35 9.52 Rough Reamer "A" arrow
the with the by. If section off and Connecting the the and hose through the the the by) and the and hose from chassis. only the the the right rear Route the and the hose the of right. the connecting the from the through the the to the with the easy the and the connecting that the hose located the lowest of the Locating the to the If the hose routed the the hose with insulation that from "sweating"(condensation) or or recommended. Work and of Smooth round round without scratches Cracked thickness hose Connecting hose Connecting
Work and of the the of the the of the top of the with the of the that the properly seated the plate and right. Press the and right of the the plate the their slots(clicking sound). Connecting the to the and hose to the of the and sufficiently the hand. Tighten the with wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 the hose the the the insulation around the the insulation and the insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with the and hose together them with enough to where they the housing section. Wrench with Connecting hose wrench (fixed) hose tape(narrow) Insulation tape(narrow) with Connecting hose
Route the and the hose to the the hose, and the connecting the the connecting the Don't the to the with the easy the hose and the the from the the top of the the the and the installation and the of the from the Connecting the to the and the hose to the of the and sufficiently the hand. Tighten the with wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 the hose the the Work and of plate Wrench hose wrench (fixed) hose Connecting
Work and of the insulation around the the heat insulation and the heat insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with the and hose together them with cloth the within which they the rear housing section. Reroute the and the hose the back of the chassis. the spacer. that the properly seated the plate and right. Press the and right of the the plate the their slots(clicking sound). with Connecting hose tape(narrow) Insulation tape(narrow) with through Connecting hose
Information. Follow the instruction below. Press the of and the to slowly. Following type from right to to the Work and of
Work and of the of the and sufficiently the hand. Finally, the with wrench the wrench clicks. the with wrench, the follows the arrow the wrench. inch 6.35 9.52 wrench A-UNIT B-UNIT C-UNIT wrench A-UNIT B-UNIT
Connecting the Unit and Unit the to the the to the connecting the wires to the terminals the board individually to the that the of the wires of the and the the as those of the The earth should than the wires. The to without to the the front of Unit. The the found the of the Unit cover. WARNING: The to without to wires to the the wires firmly, that to pulled easily. the wires to to the WARNING: and the as shown below. WARNING! The to the of to the Ampacity (MCA) as indicated the rating and of type NEC and (208~230V) The connecting the and should SJOW type, and of NEC and WARNING! the interconnecting both the provided. Connecting the Unit and Unit GN/YL (below 40V) (208~230V) AWG18 GN/YL or GN/YL
Connecting the Unit and Unit the to the the cover from the the screw. the wires to the the board individually as the following. the the with the the cover to the with the screw. BLOCK Source 208/230V AC A-UNIT (High A-UNIT BLOCK Source 208/230V AC A-UNIT (High the high and NOTICE heat-proof of withstanding to 75C(167F). and rated than 300V the and SJOW) WARNING: to comply with while the from the to the of and Every connected firmly. should allowed to the or A-UNIT B-UNIT Connecting Connecting cable(Low Connecting cable(Low BLOCK B-UNIT B-UNIT Connecting cable(Low Connecting Connecting BLOCK B-UNIT supply Cover C-UNIT BLOCK C-UNIT Connecting supply
of the two-caps the the of through the connecting through the Properly the the the with the to the when the pulled to the round the connecting the of the and (7)Finally, the to the WARNING: the to overheat or malfunction. fire Therefore, tightly connected. each to the follow instructions to to the and the tightly with the fixing screw of the to to the terminals the with or wire- then the insulation to the about screwdriver, the screw(s) the round or securely each with round the round wire, and and the screw using screwdriver. Connecting the Unit and Unit supply 230/208V) the screw Connecting High the tightly Cord Cap(Remove) Round
Connecting the Unit and Unit CAUTION! the and the as shown below. the or (MOC) rating the rating the to the the wires to the terminals the board individually to the that the of the wires of and the the as those of respectively. the the the and right of the and four the top of the chassis. Press the the chassis back or Connecting
Checking the Drainage, Forming the and Checking the To the of the the flows through the hose of the without and the The hose should easy flow. of incorrect of hose Water Water Waving Checking the Drainage, Forming the and Water than
Checking the Drainage, Forming the and Forming the the the of the with insulation and with of If to the of the outlet should routed the ground. the hose appropriately. where the below the the following. the hose and connecting from to the the or where the the the following. the and from to the the to the the the or around the with type Trap to from around the with type Trap hose Connecting supply Trap
and and the as indicated below. the Cooling(or heating) the and Water to of the Therefore, the and connecting tight, and to and the Checking Preparation that each tube(both and the and properly connected and the completed. the service from both the and the the that both the and the service the closed this the and to this service with charge hoses. CAUTION: to testing. The high closed. the to than P.S.I.G. with and the when the reading reached P.S.I.G. Next, with CAUTION: To the the top of the higher than its when the Usually, the shoud each separately. NOTICE of of the and and both and service to off the with cloth. the found to free of the the charge hose the the reduced to the hose from the and Charge hose Installation
and the charge hose the to the to the and Confirm the of the Then, the The operation with and capacity of the The following shows the when If If than than or or the reached, the of the and the Finishing the With service wrench, the of counter-clockwise to the Turn the of counter-clockwise to the the charge hose to the service slightly to release the then the the and its the service and the securely with wrench. This to from the the both and service and them tight. This with The ready NOTICE each
Charging Each factory charge) the as as each shorter or then the the charge to Whether the shorter or the charge based of or based of R-410A of (A+B+C) Capacity ounces foot= ounces of R-410A critically charge) If of the charge, and the the charge or than each of each (A/B/C) each and of each (A/B/C) Charging Additional
that and properly connected. that the and service the to the arrow that the and of correctly. the cover back rechargeable the from the the to NOTICE of the performance then the charge: 1.Measure the of of the service the of the and of the the and the than 8C(14.4F). reference, the of as below.(Cooling) The of the TEMP. service R-410A 35C (95F) G(120~135 P.S.I.G.) If the higher than shown, the over-charged, and charge should If the than shown, the and charge should NOTICE and this the heating to lock-out below 26-29F. At below 26-29F. another of heating the NOTICE should the operation (Heating or Cooling
Specifications and performance to without HEAT CONTROLLER, INC. WELLWORTH AVENUE JACKSON, MICHIGAN THE QUALITY LEADER IN CONDITIONING AIR 3828A22013Z