HMC30AS-1/HMH30AS-1,
The following should of and of of rear right of Connecting the and Checking the and Forming the Charging "A" screw Plate "B" screw Remote INSTALLATION OVERVIEW type "A" screws Connecting Suction to Insulation Additional type "B" screws Screw wrenches to of Screw wrench(4mm(0.16in)) Thermometer Remote
THE FOLLOWING SHOULD BE ALWAYS OBSERVED FOR SAFETY to "THE FOLLOWING SHOULD BE ALWAYS OBSERVED FOR SAFETY" the to the specified as they include items related to The indications and as follows. WARNING Could to death, serious CAUTION Could to serious when operated incorrectly. reading this instructions, to together with the owner's the customer's (customer). Incorrect to fire, shock, the or of the from whom purchased the or the securely which bear the of the insufficiently the causing the wires to the and securely and the wires to the board sections the of the wires to the Incorrect and fixing fire. the cover to the and the service to the securely. The of to fire, shock, the If the cover of the and/or the service of the attached securely, fire or shock to and efficiency this the heating to lock-out below At below another of heating the provided. WARNING the securely to the instruction. Incorrect to fire, shock, the or of to the and to If the capacity of the or there fire or shock. that the completed. to the or specified the CAUTION the to the instruction. If there the from the and household and the where If and the surrounding the
INSTALLATION OF INDOOR, OUTDOOR UNIT completely, then follow Select the location heat or the where there front of the that routed that the around the and right of the than 30cm(11.8in). The should as high the as allowing of 12cm(4.7in) from to to to the More than 12cm(4.7in) More than 30cm(11.8in) More than 30cm(11.8in) More than the the where the height from the than of to If built the to or that heat from the restricted. that the around the back and than 10cm(3.9in). The front of the should than 70cm(27.6in) of and the of the the account and where and Select that the and from the neighbors. More than 10cm(3.9in) More than 70cm(27.6in) CAUTION More than 60cm(23.6in) More than 10cm(3.9in) Rooftop Installations: If the to the the and anchoring the location. rooftop If the or walls, this and and classed as serviceable installation. and Capacity CAUTION Capacity based and allowance the of reliability. should More than 60cm(23.6in) Suction than Additional
to mount The should and enough to Mount the the with four type screws. If mounting the anchor Mount the plate the using "A" screw the and the It to concerning the location of the plate-routing of the to outlets through the typically. the through the Right Plate the the with the the right or the with the slightly to the WALL
FLARING WORK AND CONNECTION OF PIPING to Carry the following the and the the accessory or the purchased locally. Measure the the and the the than measured the than the length. Rough Completely burrs from the section of the of the as burrs to burrs the C attached to and then them completed to them Reamer Carry using as shown below. the shown the the with below. If noted to off the section and Smooth round round the screws of right inch "A" arrow without scratches Cracked thickness of Right
the front right the arrow. The while the the screw fixing the the arrow. C to scratch the and to CAUTION that the clearly as to the and and Route the and the hose the of hose the the from the through the the to the with the easy C the hose and the that the hose located the lowest of the Locating the to the PCB NOTE: If the hose routed the the hose with insulation that from "sweating"(condensation) or Foamed or recommended. the the of the the three of the rear top and rear of the with the and of the that the properly seated the plate and right. plate Connecting hose Three plate Three
Connecting the to the and hose to of the of the assembling to the of the and sufficiently the hand. Tighten the with wrench. (fixed) Capacity Suction the hose the the the insulation around the connecting the insulation and the insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with wrench hose tape(narrow) Insulation with Connecting the and hose together them with the within which they the rear housing section. hose right Route the and the hose to the the hose and the connecting the tape(narrow) with hose Connecting
the connecting the C Don't the to the with the easy the hose and the connecting Connecting the the of the the three of the top and of the with the and of the that the properly seated the and right. the insulation around the connecting Connecting the to the and the hose to of the of the assembling to the of the and sufficiently the hand. Tighten the with wrench. Three plate Three wrench Capacity Suction the hose the the hose the heat insulation and the heat insulation them together with that there the which the housing section with with Connecting (fixed) hose Insulation tape(narrow)
the and hose together them with cloth the within which they the housing section. hose tape(narrow) Reroute the and the hose the back of the chassis. the to the the to the The chassis should connected to the chassis(B) with screws. with through the front right to the with the screws. PCB
CAUTION CAUTION Information Follow the instruction below. Press the of the to slowly. the to the of chassis. Following type from right to of
of the hose The hose the and, necessary, the of the and the hose the Securely both the and hose the outlets. the the securely that there Capacity Suction of of the of the assembling to the of the and sufficiently the hand. Finally, the with wrench the wrench clicks. C the with wrench, the follows the arrow the wrench. Suction wrench
CONNECTING THE CABLE BETWEEN INDOOR UNIT AND OUTDOOR UNIT the to the the to the the wires to the the board individually to the that the of the wires of the and the the as those of the 4(L2) the 3(L1) of Wires of Wires 4(L2) the CAUTION as following RED BLUE BROWN G/Y RED BLUE BROWN G/Y 3(L1) 2(L2) 1(L1) POWER INPUT Switch (Optional) rated The to the should with the following (UL and CSA The connected to the and should with the following specifications (UL and CSA CAUTION AWG GN/YL AWG GN/YL Switch rated
the to the the from the the screw. the wires to the terminals the board individually. the the board with the the cover to the with the screw. C 30A the and the to supply fitted. CAUTION the of the the as follows: to specifically the the of the the of cover. The screw which the the casing of to from to which the subjected the of them and that they tightly (If they burn-out of the wires.) Specification of Confirm that capacity to that the than of the rated the Confirm that the thickness as specified the (Particularly the relation and thickness. to earth or The following caused of switch, which the of the function of the The from supply incorporated the and of least each active(phase) conductors. Unit Connecting supply
CHECKING THE DRAINAGE AND FORMING THE PIPINGS Checking the the right the the arrow. C the the screws.) Right To the of the the flows through the hose of the without and the The hose should easy flow. Water Waving Water of hose than Water
the the the of the with insulation and with of If to the of the outlet should routed the ground. the hose appropriately. where the below the the following. the hose and from to the the or around with type Trap to from C hose Connecting where the the the following. the and from to the taped the to the the the or around the with type Trap Trap
and the as indicated below. the Cooling(or heating) efficiency the and Water to of the Therefore, the and the and tested and to and from the with Preparation that each tube(both and the and properly and the completed. the service from both the and the the that both the and the service the closed this the and to this service with charge hoses. CAUTION to If this The of the the to than P.S.I.G. with and the when the reading reached P.S.I.G. Next, with CAUTION To the the top of the higher than its when the Usually, the AIR PURGING of of the and and both and service to off the with clean cloth. the found to of the the hose the the reduced to the hose from the Charge hose
Suction the from the and the service-port from the To the the counterclockwise about and Apply or the or to of the of the If the C the charge hose the to the to the and Confirm the of the Then, the The operation with and capacity of the The following shows the when If than than or or the reached, the of the and the Finishing the With service wrench, the of counter-clockwise to the Turn the of counter-clockwise to the the charge hose connected to the service slightly to release the then the the and its the service and the securely with wrench. This to from the the both and service and them tight. This with The ready to wrench
factory charge) the as as shorter or then the the to Whether the shorter or the based of or based of R-22 Capacity Suction ounces foot= ounces of R-22 If of the charge, and the charge the or than CHARGING Additional
that and properly connected. that the and service the cover to the arrow that the and of correctly. the cover back NOTE: rechargeable batteries. the from the the to of Anchor the with and tightly and or mount. the or anchor the mounting securely with or the influence of and the when the of the conveyed to the the with of the performance C then the charge: Measure the of the service Measure the of the and of TEST RUNNING the the and the than 8C(46.4F) or (Heating). reference; the of as below.(Cooling) TEMP. The of the service 35C(95F) G(56.8~71.0 P.S.I.G.) NOTE: If the higher than shown, the over-charged, and charge should If the than shown, the and charge should The ready PUMP DOWN This when the to relocated or the serviced. collecting the without CAUTION: to with the cooling Procedure hose to the charge the service the service and the from the hose using the the service the Turn the operating switch and the cooling operation. the reading becomes to G(14.2 to P.S.I.G.), the and then off the At that completed and collected the
MEMO
MEMO
Specifications and performance to without 3829A20001V