OWNERS MANUAL Heat Inc. MI www.heatcontroller.com Heat with R-410A: RAH-123G
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. Introduction Introduction Information Information Normal Normal Instructions Instructions Through-The -Wall Instructions Complete Instructions Instructions Troubleshooting Service Calling Services...............................................1 Service Required.... Through-The -Wall Installations Introduction cool, and home. Heat and heat offer both heating and cooling. sections of information section operation of each reading the to section and the that matches the of cool, and Heat offer both heating and cool- The sections of this information The section operation of each reading the to the section and the that matches thoroughly and of and the Study to with of the process. instructions. Heat and NOTE Mechanical to from to hours, knowledge and If installation, information If authorized GREE servicer. and service If installation, information and the technical service If authorized servicer. Information service chosen of Complete rating found located front outlet enough to to reach without strain. should the only and to to ance or instructions highlighted shown below. instructions to each and that and to the shown. TEMP/TIMER TIMER HR POWER ENERGY SAVER HEAT COOL FAN ONLY AUTO HIGH FAN SPEEd LOW RECOGNIZE THIS SYMBOL AS SAFETY PRECAUTION.
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A WARNING To heat related or death, this cooling of or to to of heat cooling, causing heat- related or death of or To heat related or death, this of heat cooling, causing heat related or death of or WARNING HIGH TEMPERATURE STRESS HAZARD This to cooling or or that to to of the The of heat the cond- itioned causing overheating or death of or Precautions to off or such Unpacking Unpack and inspect the to the immediately. and Unpack and inspect the to the immediately. If and WARNING NOT with to On the front and/or mounting separately. Record the and of the below. This information found the front of the The rated and found this the warranty with the the warranty and of reference. You to the the purchased and the Record the and of the This information found the front of the The rated and capacity found this the warranty with the and the warranty and of reference. You to the the purchased and the OWNER'S PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION NUMBER SERIAL NUMBER MANUFACTURING NUMBER City State of Purchase Authorized City State WARNING To death, or property to shock: and ordinances. to servicing. properly. with this properly grounded. NOT ground to NOT ground to plastic, or other (non-conducting) NOT cord. If outlet NOT the or ground the or ground shock. NOT with this NOT with this NOT cord. NOT REMOVE warning from cord. Grounding Instructions This with three-prong grounding protection shock If
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. Unit On Nameplate NEMA 5-15P NEMA 5-15R 125V-15AMP 115V NEMA 6-15P NEMA 6-15R 250V-15AMP 230/208V rated or NEMA 6-20P NEMA 6-20R 250V-20AMP 230/208V rated than NEMA 6-30P NEMA 6-30R 250V-30AMP 208V rated than encountered, the to and the with properly grounded three-prong with the National to to the and as shown Table or to the instruction and as shown Only with another or light of to of based Units to LCDI or AFCI Cords (UL) and the National (NEC) cords that and the to the the the the located or the head of the as of the troubleshooting (UL) and the National (NEC) cords that to to the to the the the the located or the head of the as of the troubleshooting only. Consumers responsibility to and that conforms to should Complete instructions furnished with These instructions found included with this or the mounting assembly. Follow these instructions these instructions with this reference. of the following three Unit with mounting These mounting though These to the optional mount- with Unit without mounting mounting with the These mounting through These to purchasing optional mounting to choose the that and installation. Heat Heat heat instead of creating the the cool heat from and cooling. the heat this operation. lowering the of the below the the heat the heat from and it house. This heat 45F heat of heat of electricity the heating and efficiency of the heat At below 45F, that the Heat to as heat 40F. Below 40F, these switch matically from heat to heating. required. There operating Normal and CAUTION WARNING through and/or installations inexperienced or costly to home. To property or death to shock, turn OFF and from outlet inspecting or Inspection It that inspected or servicer once It to the outer and the thoroughly cleaned.
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A The of greatly reduced or other type these the should from its and completely cleaned least once At that scratches or the painted should and repainted. the of the where formation The of greatly reduced and/or location with these the should from its and completely cleaned least once At that scratches or the painted should and repainted. the of the where formation and The front that or right of front. To the of the following METHOD ONE and of ground screws attaching to chassis screws attaching front to and Cleaning and cleaned with and or Cleaning and polishing compounds recommended, as they TEMP/TIMER TIMER POWER ENERGY SAVER HEAT HR COOL AUTO FAN ONLY HIGH FAN SPEEd LOW TEMP/TIMER TIMER HR POWER ENERGY SAVER HEAT COOL AUTO FAN ONLY HIGH FAN SPEEd LOW Cleaning reduces operating efficiency of should inspected least once tion. Clean with or and should thoroughly without The permanently life. There to the Chassis from If the screw holding the to the chassis, the screw. CAUTION To reduce the of to when and pounds. To reduce the of injury, to when the of chassis straight and evenly, inches from both to and chassis from outer CHASSIS NOTE: shipped with mounting screw and chassis to chassis BASEPAN CLIP PLASTIC FRONT
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. WARNING: To reduce the of fire, shock or when follow these basic grounded ground Gather the and installation. Read and follow the instructions with and screwdrivers Flat-head Through-the-wall installation: to the the following though-the-wall installation. that included C A. B. C. pan-head screws D. pan-head screws NOTE: to from or service Accessories. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS and and or or thicker screws E. round-head screws F. pan-head screws G. Top H. I. cord. servicing. or people to and IMPORTANT: and ordinances. the location where responsibility. everything installation. The location should Grounded outlet within of where the the NOTE: cord. of to cooled. enough the of and of the of contacting NOTE: obstructed. to freely through the Location A.
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A to height. Through-the-wall The should the thickness of to Width: the thickness of to A. B. C. thickness A. B. C C grounded ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire, or shock. Ground connected to ground screw located right of when The the and The and located the front the below the the chart below. Follow the the type of the supply cord. supply WARNING Shock or outlet only. or only. or outlet only. or outlet only.
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. Recommended grounding This grounded. This with supply grounded To shock the grounded grounded with and ordinances. If outlet the customer's to properly grounded It the customer's responsibility: To To that the and with National ANSI/NFPA edition, and and ordinances. of the obtained from: National Protection Association One Batterymarch Quincy, MA Cord NOTE: from the shown. This with supply UL. This supply state-of-the-art that If the crushed, the and of second. RESET TEST TEST RESET A. B. grounded ground cord. to follow these instructions death, fire, or shock. To supply cord: supply grounded Press RESET. Press TEST click; and Press and release RESET click; and The supply ready operation. NOTES: The operation. The supply to when the or to the supply as off/on switch. The supply as protective supply with supply from the and repaired. The supply serviceable the warranty and performance WARNING
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A or people to and or people to and to back or other injury. to back or other injury. and of/recycle and from turning the amount of the with with and or cleaners to or These products the of gently. from and screws from both of NOTES: gently. of the or The location where the the should than from grounded the the front the the of the Top NOTE: top and to of screws. top top of the top with the top of INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS WARNING A. screw Unpacking front screws both right of front. 3A: both from to of from of NOTE: or from the It pan-head screws, top to A. Top B. pan-head screws A.
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. of screws. top and then of right-hand housing top and right-hand outward the first screw through the of the pan-head screw screw to NOTE: This screw to correctly (top to to the While the right-hand pan-head screws the top and of Screw to the top and NOTE: each You to mounting through the housing as as A. housing B. A. housing B. the of the gently. of the or The location where the the should than from grounded the the front the the of the that of and back of firm the to Top of the the right-hand of the and the of the the the the each the A. housing B. Top C A. B. Empty C.
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A to through the the and the to with pan-head screws. that to the that to the to fits to through the the housing and the Top NOTES: gently. of the or The location where the the should than from grounded A. pan-head screws B. C A. B. C. round-head screw Through-the-Wall of the round-head screws through and of the round-head screws through threaded top of and of right-hand Complete the top of the and the of the top of and to through the the and the to with round-head screw to A. C. B. D. pan-head screws the the front the the of the It the responsibility and obligation to this with through-the-wall installations. A. round-head screw B. round-head screw C
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. Instructions While of slightly from to section shows of purchased and information about of Around Unit Select the highest and to its the reached, the warmer the off. The thermo- then the and off to this selected the LOUVERS Direction Airflow or right from and and Around Unit the and to the to and from the If and/or back the the and off This and where the from the to the of the The attached to that the and the the This the sound of hear operation. The this and the efficiency of the the as as it from the amounts of off the chassis. If this to the included with the to where TEMP/TIMER TIMER HR POWER COOL ENERGY SAVER HEAT FAN ONLY HIGH AUTO FAN SPEEd LOW To the chassis from the outer the through the recessed the back of the outer Once hose or the The hose allows to where the to the chassis the outer The overflow directly the and catch that might BAFFLES Switchover Thermostat Emergency heat switch heat and heater. switch ON, heat INdOOR GRILLE INdOOR GRILLE switch when heat to heat. of heat tion should authorized servicer. of operating increase when heat switch Qualified Service To and switch: front and front, as chassis of about inches. switch right front of access. thermostat from and head" screw back of thermostat. To heat, flathead screwdriver and counterclockwise switch-stop reached. chassis to lthermostat and mount front, and front Hose
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A properly to the This section operation. IMPORTANT: properly to the This section operation. IMPORTANT: If off the least turning back This the from blowing or If turn off the least turning back This the from blowing or to the cooling when below 61F (16C). to the heating when 86F (30C). the and the properly. to the cooling when below 61F (16C). to the heating when o 86F (30C). The and the properly. to the cooling when below 61F (16C). to the heating when o 86F (30C). The and the properly. NOTE: the of the when the restored. NOTE: the of the previous when the restored. Lights to the the Lights to the the the selected the selected The shows the when Heat/Cool/Energy The shows the when Heat/Cool/Energy the the when the Shows the when Decrease Decrease Decrease Increase and Decrease Decrease Increase and Decrease Light the the or Light the the or POWER AUTO HEAT Heat HIGH COOL Cool High ENERGY SAVER LOW FAN ONLY TIMER SWING FAN SPEEd HR Light the Light the Light SWING Remote Remote TEMP/TIMER Increase Increase Increase Increase Unit on/off Unit on/off and off. Turns and off. the when Heat/ Cool/Energy the the when The light turn while the when Heat/Cool/Energy mode.Shows the the when The light while Increase /Decrease to when Heat Increase /Decrease to when Heat(on The light while The light while Press Increase(+) and Decrease the seconds,Temperature F and o o C. Increase /Decrease (-) of the Increase Decrease the or the Increase Decrease the the when the The light while Increase /Decrease (-) of the Increase Decrease the or the Increase Decrease the the when the The light while to the to Med, High or the NOTE: On the the Increase Decrease to the to or High the to to the to Med, High or the NOTE: On the the Increase Decrease to the to or High the to to the to Cool Heat or to the to Cool Heat or TIMER TIEMR ON the off, to to hours its and On the off, ON the off, to to hours its and SWING Turn to the obtained,then off.
Heat with R-410A Heat Inc. OFF the to off to hours. OFF the to Press the the or the the of the Increase Decrease the or the Increase Decrease the the TIMER DELAY 0.5-24HR hour or 1hour intervals(the hour as the below hours; the hour as the The light while To the the the the or the the the Increase Decrease the or the Increase Decrease the to To the the the light the off. Remote To operation, the the the The of to nothing the and the that the fresh and correctly as indicated the Cool the Cool Med, High or cooling. the Increase /Decrease to the F and 86F 1F The and off to the the of comfort. the thermostat and the become cooler. the thermostat higher and the become NOTE: If the off and then turned while to Cool or turned from to Cool approximately the to and cooling to This to the TIMER DELAY 0.5-24HR Cooling Normal Select the Cool and High or with Select the Cool and High with Nighttime Select the Cool and with the ON The and off with the This of and humidity. Normally when the NOTE: The to the off. OFF The the while the and off. the or High to and without Since only cooling, The appear the NOTE: when the Heat (On the Heat Med, High or heating. the Increase Decrease to the 61F and 86F 1F to the to matically to the to with the If the cooling, the increase. If the cooling, the NOTE: when the Recovery the of or interruption, the the the restored. If the countdown. You to Timer/Delay0.5-24hr
Heat Inc. Heat with R-410A WARNING To reduce the of shock, or death, the to the off and the from the inspection or The following of that when and each If the the WHEN SERVICE IS REQUIRED section. PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE SUGGESTED REMEDY UNIT WILL NOT RUN to cord. LITTLE OR NO COOLING LITTLE OR NO HEATING and LITTLE OR NO COOLING LITTLE OR NO HEATING NOISY UNIT front mounting assembly MOUNTING SUPPORT NOT of INSTALLEd FROST ON COIL FROST ON COIL Normal or service only heat and (heat only) below 45F and LITTLE OR NO HEATING. IN COOLING Mold, mildew, or formation To reduce and Thoroughly IN HEATING Normal first heater Caused months. each season Service the of Authorized Service them service of and (P) from Proof of purchase unauthorized servicer that of warranty. Warranty warranty with records of service including what servicers and of service. service and warranty. them service and from Obstructed or Unit properly cooling, to building Water Unit and off Normal Troubleshooting Calling Service to other than OFF. to other than OFF. seated blown tripped to obstruction from or Clean or as with to heating, to warmer Tighten Normal high humidity. Stop or with to Clean or with and Turning to warmer reduces and of frost. with heater If other that locally, or information other heating and cooling products offered please Heat Inc. Customer or Technical Service (Customer Service CONSUMER INFORMA TION LINE