Suction Suction and Reference Sight Heat H-ENGM0408, H-ENGM0806, Cooling and Head
This of Heatcraft Products covering Cooling and the of text and reference The theory and of to the publications currently of Below Selection of and Flow choice the of this industry both the United States and www.thecoldstandard.com the 1970s. Its reputation of and products to reduce and the choice of owners everywhere. www.coldyoucancounton.com References the World History of Leadership, Service and the Industrys leading of products With and the the clear History of Technical and Product Choice the that Right Right Right to of and and Finally, of from these The of this reference to furnish the and servicing organizations with and to to specify of sincerely that to industry. Factors Unit Cooler of Chart of Selection www.larkinproducts.com leading Its allows to input the process, that precisely to www.chandlerref.com History of High Performance, and Product Selection the of products With its products, to the of foodservice as as such as Serving the Cold Industry with Heatcraft Products LLC
Wall heat Insulated factors hours Table to and hours below to and Heat cooling to (BTU and of perishable products Heat of Heat of and bottled Heat of Heat of insulation thickness Heat to operation of of and Meat or selection back and ground Suction and R-134A Suction and R-22 Suction R-404A, R-507/AZ50 of of and Remote R-134A, R-22, R-507/AZ50 and R-404A L-type of of operating chart Conversion factors English factors and English to factors
The heat information to accurately the heat The the information, the the the first assuring selected the The should as as and include the following: This the surrounding the the Another to cooled the surrounding the which selection. and its process. to or the of the selecting the (T.D.) the suction of the and the The T.D. selected the Insulation, of Construction, This to established, straight the information while elementary, often from the survey. Styrofoam the urethane. or Changed Heat, both and through whenever the surrounding the warmer than the the location, and of the and the to which they greatly the heat of the Product Loads Lights including motors, lifts, conveyers People Operations cooler or cooling or Preparation, or Distribution warehouses or Conditions Service and of While directly affecting this the to the With the the heat the following of heat hour Product the first customer. There based that and which when the or unknown Selection and the when the to the four of heat the should Selection Chart and and The Selection of heat or Below32-05 or to heat and boxes. The shown and The of the heat and reasonable of heat or The based the following coolers and Product Product of the amount of heat flow through walls, and established. This heat directly to the (T.D.) the of the The type and thickness of insulation the the of the and the T.D. the of the the three factors that establish the to the coolers constructed with insulation). The factors shown the heat based and the T.D. the ground and the
becomes to heat the to of the ground and heaving of the should least Normally, should applications. when the to the This cooled to the of heat This the The of and the heat that from each foot of the based Table heavy the or Through to the the Chart the following to the from wind) through height) (enthalpy enthaply warehouse (1X)] of Incoming Where of heat thermal The and every should to reduce the amount of the effective of this closing or Inflated Loads Although of the heat or caused heat and cooling or there three other heat that should to the selection of the Since the to these to hour to these Lights- typically to foot. Cutting or the wattage. Each to BTUH This then to Motors- usually and to heat as to motors. this reason Table to H.P. Also, the of their heat as shown Table that located the heat the If used, such as this included Heat Loads. Generally battery operated which heat of to or the of operation. If or known, then each foot cooler and HP each C.F. which allows and operations. These higher heavily or Occupancy- People the heat the should hour If known, allow hour each foot Product higher or the its heat reaches the This heat consists of three Heat- The amount of heat that from of to reduce the of this pound its heat. It when the the the reached its Heat- The amount of heat that from pound of to this the heat of products the of to If the unknown, to There relationship the heat of and the of the and its and heats. and heats: freezing below Heat Fresh and they heat which the heat of They which released the of heat, which with the type and of the usually hours (Table and to the of and the to other than hour correction factor to the hours While should to factors type of the of Factor four of the of heat factor of normally to the to allow and or from the and
Hourly Heat The hourly heat as the selecting It found the BTU/24 hour the with with with coolers with or and higher with To simplify the and of loads, there below and to the found this Word of The this selecting holding and or such as or food please Application
by: Cooler With Height (L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of to reduced from of to (including blower motors) HP (Table Lights watt/sq.ft.) of people Loads (L) (W) Heat (Table North Wall: (L) (W) Heat South Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table East Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table (L) (W) Heat (Table Factor (Table Factor (Table Additional Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People Load: People BTU/24 Load: Product (Product Heat (Table Heat pulldown other than Product Load: (Table (Table of previously of normally to the BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com (H) (H) (H) (H) (W) (W) Insulation found H-ENG-2
by: Cooler Height (L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of to reduced from of to (including blower motors) HP (Table Lights watt/sq.ft.) of people Loads (L) (W) Heat (Table North Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table South Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table East Wall: (L) (W) Heat Wall: (L) (W) Heat (L) (W) Heat (Table (H) (H) (W) (H) (H) (W) Factor Factor (Table Additional Loads Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People People BTU/24 (Table Product Load: (Product Heat Heat pulldown other than Product Load: of of normally to the BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com Insulation found H-ENG-2
by: (L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of to reduced from of to (including blower motors) HP (Table Lights watt/sq.ft.) of people (L) (W) Heat North Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table South Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table East Wall: (L) (W) Heat Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table (L) (W) Heat (Table Factor (Table Factor Additional Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People Load: People BTU/24 Load: Product Load: (Product Heat (Table Heat other than Product Load: (Table (Table of previously of normally to the BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com (H) (H) (W) (H) (H) (W) Insulation found H-ENG-2
Ice Height (L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of Initial and then reduced from to of (Table of (including blower motors) HP (Table Lights watt/sq.ft.) of People Loads (L) (W) Heat (Table North Wall: (L) (W) Heat South Wall: (L) (W) Heat East Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table Wall: (L) (W) Heat (L) (W) Heat (Table (W) (W) Factor (Table Factor Additional Loads Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People Load: People BTU/24 (Table Load: Product Load: (Table (Product Heat Heat Heat below of (Table pulldown other than BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com (H) (H) (H) (H) below Below32-05 by: Insulation found H-ENG-2 Foamed
Height (L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of Initial and then reduced from to of of (including blower motors) HP (Table Lights watt/sq.ft.) of People Loads (L) (W) Heat (Table North Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table South Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table East Wall: (L) (W) Heat Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table (L) (W) Heat (Table Factor (Table Factor Additional Loads Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People Load: People BTU/24 (Table Load: Product Load: (Table (Product Heat Heat Heat below of (Table pulldown other than BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com (H) (H) (H) (H) (W) (W) below by: Insulation found H-ENG-2 Foamed Foamed
(L) (W) (H) (Corrected T.D. Product of to reduced from of to of (Table Initial and then reduced from to of (Table of (including blower motors) HP Lights watt/sq.ft.) of People (L) (W) Heat (Table North Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table South Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table East Wall: (L) (W) Heat Wall: (L) (W) Heat (Table (L) (W) Heat (Table (W) (W) Factor (Table Factor (Table Additional Loads Motors: HP BTU/HP/24 Lights: People Load: People BTU/24 Load: Product Load: (Product Heat Heat Heat below of pulldown other than BTU/24 Factor with Safety/Factor BTU/24 of to BTUH Cooling Selection Unit Unit Cooler Capacity Qty. Qty. GA www.heatcraftrpd.com (H) (H) (H) (H) below by: Insulation found H-ENG-2
Table Wall Heat Loads Insulation (Inches) Heat (BTU Hours One Foot of Cork Urethane or or Reduction (Sprayed) Wool insulation K Factors [Thermal Conductivity, BTU (hour) foot) inch of thickness)] and heat factors Cork and extracted and Insulation K Factor of rated its thermal conductivity U Factor of heat BTU hour/per foot/per F. R Factor Thermal X of Insulation Table Effective Factor Thickness of Insulation Insulation Factor Cork Wool Styrofoam Polyurethane Table Effect to to the heat to to conditioning of East South Wall Wall Wall Colored Roofing Roofing Black Light Colored White Light Colored White Colored Unpainted Brick Red, or reprinted from ASHRAE HANDBOOK OF FUNDAMENTALS. If to of the shown. The shown reference this of construction/insulation to: factor improperly insulation If and the of the highly to cracks- UX X/R K/X 1/R 1/U X/K
hours to and heavy the the Table Heat cooling (BTU of Relative of Table extracted and from ASHRAE of Table extracted and from ASHRAE of hours below to and
and of products Product Relative of Commodity (Alphabetical Life* months Apricots or Bottles, or below months months Bread, months to Dough hours Sprouting Sprouts months Topped, months months Cherries, Sour Chocolate months months Coffee months Corn, (Fresh) months Products months Processed months months to to months Whole months months months or or months months Shell months Shell, Cooler Whole or below Endive months months Shellfish, Fresh and years Garlic, months American months Honey Horseradish months months months or months Head Not based from ASHRAE Applications Conditions Highest Heat Heat Heat Loading
Table Product Relative Below of Commodity Humidity Approx. (Alphabetical Life* Meat Cured months Fresh and Shoulders, Cured Fresh Livers, months months Fresh and Honey Watermelons Mushrooms Nectarines months Olives, Onions (Dry) and Onion months Chilled months months and Nectarines Pears months Peas, (Dry) months Persimmons months Including Popcorn, Unopened months Early Crop months Crop months Poultry, Fresh Fresh months months Radishes- months Black moths months months Fresh months months months Turnips, months months Yeast, Not based Conditions Highest Heat Heat Heat Loading
Table Heat of BTU LB. F. Product Other Apricots Cherries, Sour American Honey Pears TA or Sprouts Corn, Horseradish Head Peas, Radishes with Top Radishes, C American Flowers, BTU
Table Heat of and Bottled (BTU HR) and Reduction of only. of One Eighth Eighth of Bottles/Cans Table Heat Cattle Sheep Table Heat of BTU (HP) (HR) Connected Connected HP to to to when both and within forced coolers. when and of within or within when heat within and useful of or located of Table Heat of Cooler Heat BTU Table insulation thickness Insulation Thickness Styrofoam to to to to to to to to and and Heat to operation of operated Battery Heat operated hour of capacity operation of BTU Heat from with internal combustion the the of hours of operation (BTU/24 Table of and Heat Chloroform Glycerine Olive Asphalt Brickwork Iron (Cast) Lead
or shipped holding with to facility consists of or tight to completely 22H boxes packed, each high with and of Heating to the to initiated. to heater sheath selected T.D. of or with than Approximately to of based heat of of and and to of BTU/hr./box. from ASHRAE APPLICATION HANDBOOK. of BTU CFM Heat TD Table Meat Cutting/Prep (BTU/HR/SQ FT of R.H. SQ FT based operation and includes allowance of with and and insulated with of with located should outlet velocity type to and should selected operation and than Table selection back (Based or insulation and T.D.) BTU/Hour Based Hour Table Load, BTU of of of and To smooth to the With forced to about hours with usually to allow of the and of with the based high, including from ASHRAE APPLICATION HANDBOOK BTU hour of and to
and ground Ground State City Tucson California New Wilmington of Col. Washington Chicago City New Orleans Mass. City Extracted from of Conditioning, Heating and Edition, and Press. State City New New Atlantic City New New York New York N. Asheville Charlotte North City S. Charleston South Memphis Texas Houston City Washington Seattle Charleston Wisconsin Cheyenne
Selection the hourly BTU selected based the information the survey. of the factors affecting selection (T.D.) Capacity of Operation/Air Flow The selected first to capacity than the cooling or The cooler(s) selected to the of the The of the should selected suction correction suction which with the cooler(s) T.D. the the and the the The selected to the or the location. The of the the the The humidity, turn, the T.D. the and the the cooler. the cooler and products, to the to the to T.D.. It learned that this to cooler to relative humidity, which the cooling and of The shows that the recommended T.D. the hour based of operation the to selected should than based suction of T.D. allowance suction The cooler to selected should T.D.) of T.D. or to that the cooler enough to properly with the relative higher T.D. which allow selection of coolers with T.D.) Below the amount of of products to the T.D. Since the of and off sharply as the suction reduced, to T.D. of T.D.s the cooler T.D. the capacity the suction (S.S.T.) Unit Capacity S.S.T. T.D. Capacity T.D. Recommended Differences (T.D.) of (Forced Unit Class T.D. RH of Product amount of Includes flowers, and Includes coolers, and and products. Products slightly than those Class I. Includes and onions, tough such as products. These products humidity. Includes and warehouses, or and These only or unaffected humidity. Product Safety/Capacity boxes, recommended that the that than HP should to the with the of mechanical as selected the of the turned off and the with of the the operation. the charges the which customers
of Operation/Air Flow the selection and location of the cooler and which with the The of the and throw should such that there of where there heat this to the and as as the The cooler(s) should to its or the cooler to where induce to the this icing and known as hoar-frost. Also, the of another because defrosting coolers and holding there within the The supply of such that to each hour. This conditioning which as follows: internal includes coolers and This the motion which induced the from the cooler. simplicity, the of the the and than of the such as and The below the and of Recommended Changes/Hour Recommended of of Application Meat Chill and Work Unpackaged Meat Factors A. B. C. Saturated Suction (S.S.T.) D. the selection of should noted that the based should to and the factors should applied. These factors as of A. of as as to Decrease each increase operating Increase each operating B. their increase While the of of the thinness of the capacity performance. to the Effects of Cooled Capacity Direct At Cooled PSIA Ratio Cond. Unit C. Suction should the selection of coolers, There rating the industry the The of cooler rated SST, SST, SST, SST, or SST. The the SST and the SST as as higher the rated cooler. suction correction factor their coolers and this should noted selections. D. Since the opportunity to to Motors that operation. of their capacity. while there through the or cooler and performance the If the that their then the following factors applied: A. Unit coolers and air-cooled (Capacity B. Air-cooled capacity cooler and air-cooled To the the BTUH BTUH Conversion to This to factor.
Application T.D. Notes coverage to to to Cooler SF/ton* SF/ton* Warehouse or Product of SF/ton Warehouse Velocity High seasonal or Additional SF/ton Cooler or High velocity, heavy FPI Product spaced to allow to heat below to factor to high of heat Duty hour with and (thickness of Floating Warehouse monthly to high T.D. high Warehouse and reheat Velocity and SF/ton Velocity Light SF/ton* SF Foot ton BTUH only. should to and
Unit Cooler Recommended cooler or where or where air-throw considered. of coolers directly and where and Allow of cooler and to free of to individually to of cooler or Right or Cooler or with Right of or directly blower
The following through 24A through and suction R-22, R-404A, and R-507. Recommended SUCTION LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE SYSTEM +40F +30F +20F CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with factory winter below Heated and insulated below If below of to suction should the length, to allowance Table of the of the footage and the allowance
Table 22A. SUCTION LINE SIZE LIQUID LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE to +10F 0F SYSTEM CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with factory operation winter below Heated and insulated below If below of to suction should
Table Recommended R-22 SUCTION LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE SYSTEM +40F +20F +10F 0F CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should
23A. Recommended R-22 SUCTION LINE SIZE LIQUID LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE to 0F -10F -20F SYSTEM CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should
Table Recommended R-404A and R-507 SUCTION LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE SYSTEM +20F +10F -10F -20F CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should
24A. Recommended R-404A and R-507 (continued) SUCTION LINE SIZE LIQUID LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE to -20F -30F -40F SYSTEM CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should
Table of (Expressed PSIG, and Subcooling Loss, F). PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F R-22 R-507, R-404A Based 110F of Table of to and Friction Tube, O.D., L Turn Through (Straight Through) or Elbow or Reducing (Straight Through)
Table Recommended R-22 R507 R-404A Cond. to Cond. to Cond. to Capacity (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.)
Table of of type "L" Suction Suction O.D. -40F -20F 0F +20F +40F R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A
Conversion Chart The type-face the to the or which to to the other If to or or or or Reprinted from ASHRAE of the found the If to the found the the right.
Conversion Factors Water (Converts GPM to (Converts CFM to of combined with heat of of and of Water Cooling Heat Water Chillers, GPM GPM GPM of of Water of Water Heat of Water Heat of Heat of Heat of of Water of Water Phase Loads Electromotive Force To the Direct or the indicated of the outer CFM CFM SH CFM CFM SH SHR Heat Ratio Heat Product Heat Heat Heat of Heat or factors corrected other than Nomenclature Heat Flow of Heat heat of Enthalpy leaving SH of of SH and CFM GPM Phase Loads Loads Load) If the phase unbalanced, each of the phase from the others: L1 FORMULAE: L2 L3
Table English Conversion Factors To Convert From To U.S. U.S. Short Tons U.S. To Convert From To of Water Inch Inch of Water of Water of Inch Pounds Inch of Water of Mercury Inch Inch of Mercury Atmospheres Inch Inch Atmosphere To Convert From To British Thermal Units Foot/Pounds Foot/Pounds British Thermal Units British Thermal Units British Thermal Units British Thermal Units British Thermal Units Hour British Thermal Units Conversions Foot of Water Inch of Water of Water Foot of inch of Foot of Brick Foot of Foot of Earth and Table English to Conversion Factors To Convert From To U.S. Ton (Short, To Convert From To of Water Newton/Sq. Inch Newton/Sq. of Water Newton/Sq. Inch of Mercury Newton/Sq. Inch Atmospheres Newton/Sq. Newton/Sq. To Convert From To Watt British Thermal Units Foot British Thermal Units British Thermal Units Watt Ton BTU/Hour Watt T.D. Kcal/Hr. T.D. T.D. Kcal/Hr. T.D. Conversions Foot of Water Inch of Water of Water Foot of inch of Foot of Brick Foot of Foot of Earth and
of the Chart From known of its located the chart and then found reading the plotted the intersection of its and The the chart the with its the The the and the chart the Enthalpy from the the the from the plotted the intersection of its and humidity. Relative the chart the which relative humidity. plotted the intersection of its and The the the intersection of the The of the from the the right pounds or of pound of selecting the the of from the chart. the of Intermediate the the of heat factor to the to specified and The heat factor the ratio of internal heat to internal heat of the conditioned. straight from the heat factor through the of the chart to the from the to the to the located the ratio (and the the the which the Chart, the following obtained: Relative A) B) Enthalpy Conditioned Cooling and Dehumidification both and and to the heat (both and heat) decreased. Cooling and heat to the loft and and Relative and the and Cooling through or (reduced heat and increase and (increased heat and to the following heat increase the as of directed upward. Heating and Humidification increase both heat and humidity, and to the right. Heating increase and heat directed to the right the and Chemical Drying through and humidity, and to the right. Dehumidification the as of directed Definitions The indicated thermometer, affected the The of indicated thermometer; the which the to adiabatically the The to which reduced to of the contained Relative Humidity The ratio of the to the of the Humidity of Humidity The of pound of Heat Heat which when or subtracted from the its with humidity. Heat Heat which of without affecting as or Enthalpy Heat) The of and heat. the chart, enthalpy of heat of BTU of of the of of of Heat Factor The ratio of internal heat to internal heat Ratio The from the to the the heat factor. Heat Factor Conditioning
Charts Chart to Atmospheric of HG Atmospheric other HG of ASHRAE
Charts Chart to Atmospheric of HG of ASHRAE
of suction suction the amount of computed of hour each the of the type, and location of the Cooler, Forced Circulation factory-made assembly of which heat from to the surrounding or air-cooled the of the the suction of British Thermal Unit (BTU) heat to of of The BTU of the to heat from to of introduction of cleansed or to measured the of Chill to apply moderately, as to without Chilling where cooled to Comfort Conditioning the of or least the first three, of the following factors affecting the physical and of the atmosphere within the of comfort; humidity, motion, toxic and of which or health or comfort. Comfort Cooling as to or Defrosting which cooling to off Dehumidification the of from cooling below the or of from or physical the of from the of The of from which cooled with or of the cooling process. (of the and or measured ordinary thermometer to distinguish from Duct or conveying or other the of which to thermostatic from the chamber containing the of the to the outlet or the to throughout the the from the of to the to the obtained the reduces Flooded which only of the the heat and the from the and the of from the suction frost formation suction Head operating measured thedischarge the outlet from the Heat which heat from to another through Heat, heat characterized of of the concerned, and heat of or High of flowing as through the or carrying the from the or of to of as from of to the other, to friction, of inter-connected refrigerant-containing which the of extracting heat. of CO2 and the heat of from or Heat heat which associated with heat of to heat which of heat) Heat of to usually BTU F. numerically to C. which closely and relative of of mercury of the Suction the or which the from the to the Superheat of its that of when the heat of the heat of Thermal thermally thermostatic which to suction or Throw the carry, measured the of from the supply to the the which motion reduces to Ton of of heat of BTU hour; BTU Unit Cooler from heater to cover cooling of physical and with
Selection BTUH as the change. ASHRAE based hour
Selection Cooler surrounding (R=16.7, K=0.24) walls/ceilling, with hours. BTUH based hour recommended) hours Table C to surrounding Urethane walls+ceiling, height BTUH cooling Table A. Product Cooling hour hour operation) factor to to allow service. Heat BTUH Indicated Product of Product Poultry Seafood Food than this the BTUH shown Table A, then to Table Meat Cutting/Prep (BTU/HR/SQ FT of Approx. R.H. SQ FT Table Product Heat Product F. Heat BTUH Indicated (F) Poultry Seafood based the the and based and includes allowance of with and and insulated with of with located should outlet velocity type to and should selected operation and than surrounding (R=25, K=0.16) walls, with hours. BTUH based hour Table C to surrounding deduct hour (light frost of hour height BTUH to C BTU hour of and to the hours. To the and
and Conditions: heavy service; of lights, motors, and people; to accompanying reduction coolers, reduction originated Smith, consulting Conditioning and Reprinted from the of Conditioning and This coolers and the insulated as indicated below: cooler- or cooler- or cooler- or cooler- or cooler- or Copyright Publishing of Corporation. Product Product Coolers of Follow to the straight Then to of this BTUH. Select accordingly.
Since the right to Heatcraft Products LLC GA Phone: www.heatcraftrpd.com The the CLIMATE CLIMATE CONTROL CONTROL without H-ENGM