H-IM-CU Information included H-IM-64L. H-IM-CU-0808 and Operations Information...............................................................................2 Inspection Warranty and Location Remote and Water Cooled Units City Water Unit and Mounting Head Phase Recommended Supports Suction Defrost Unit Cooler and Detection Charging Instructions and Superheat of Defrost Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Typical Table of Units
Information and to who with this type of with or charging the with WARNING: and recovered responsibly. to follow this or death. Inspection Responsibility should assigned to the to Each should the of The should items the of accounted. shortage or should reported to the becomes the responsibility, and should to the to uncrating, should to should its to the location. the information with to Heatcraft Products Representative. Warranty warrants to its purchasers that products, including Service SELLER of merchantable free of or workmanship, and service of from of installation, or months from of SELLER, whichever first covered this found to to examination factory option, repaired or and to lowest or SELLER its option the purchase of the of to SELLERs freight correction of such or and freight lowest performance SELLER of its obligations SELLER incurred repairs written authorization. Every account of breach of warranty to SELLER writing within the warranty specified otherwise such waived. warranty whatsoever its products subjected to chemicals atmosphere, or operation contrary to or or the or MOTOR COMPRESSORS: furnished SELLER to the warranty terms forth that or through the authorized wholesaler of the SELLERs factory) and freight allowed of the to and from the wholesaler. The to the of the replaced. Additional charges which incurred throughout the of other than covered this warranty. optional, four year warranty purchased within the boundaries of the United Sates of its and and With this warranty, authorized only. within the first of the warranty through the the through fifth years, the purchaser proof-of- purchase of and supply to Heatcraft Products Warranty as noted warranties to the of the Warranty. and excluded. that field conforms to the of the and and with and They disconnected service The of other warranties, or implied, notwithstanding the of the the Warranty Act, or other or or SELLER warranty, or implied, of or of whatsoever, with to products or as specifically forth and the hereof. It and that SELLER to or of or indirect, or or incurred reason of the or or third of products. To the products products," of the Warranty Act, SELLER warranty of or implied, to as specifically forth and the hereof. The following should to when this to the warranty: with the The to the the following A. Three phase of ratings. phase within or of ratings. B. Phase and switch properly connected to the The factory and without written factory with Heatcraft Products specified clearances. Heatcraft Products LLC
Heatcraft Products LLC and Location Cooled Units and Remote The which account when the location of air-cooled the supply of to the and of heated from the or Where this to, higher head which operation and of Units located the of or atmospheres and Location Units or Obstructions The should located that freely and recirculated. flow and of the should of W from or obstruction. It that this increased whenever should to that through and Overhead permitted. the where three the as indicated or Obstructions Flow Clearance from or The top of the should with the top of the and increased to 2W. If the top of the with the top of or to to the top of the This 2W MIN. AIR FLOW AIR FLOW MIN. AIR FLOW Units Clearance STACK (SUPPLIED BY OTHERS) AIR FLOW FT. MAX. AIR FLOW W of the Another which that the should mounted from and to and the Units should mounted areas, and other where high of sound factor. Sound and should retained Units the the of the If to the with foot W clearance, and the top of If these as indicated Units 2W MIN. NOT RECOMMENDED AIR FLOW AIR FLOW Units with Flow Clearance AIR FLOW AIR FLOW MIN. AIR FLOW AIR FLOW MIN. AIR FLOW Decorative Clearance AIR FLOW MIN. AIR FLOW AIR FLOW MIN. FT. MIN. AIR FLOW
Remote and Water Cooled Units The to with The cooled that they cooled and outlet to the field. On incoming routed through the to the cleaning plates to to the Cleaning accomplished ordinary installation, allow cleaning the of this type mechanics. Typical typical located higher as commonly when the and the and or this the of the If properly the velocity might too reduced to through the and Reducing the would increase the velocity sufficiently reduced however, when operating the would greatly and thereby creating This of of the following The properly the and the of the the from the City Water the industry City and Tower of and applications. The City to operating where incoming 75F, and 105F. Tower to higher relationship which normally 85F, incoming and 105F Water or Tower, outlet to allow flow. This reduces velocity, and wear such as cooling towers where higher and flows Water City City high the Water and applications, both as and the as as shown A should to the and the B should that the both would flow velocity to the to the Water this the cooled the head the flow of through the section. This type often located the of the and the Subcooler and below typical the with as the located from the Notes: to as as Common to the three recommended the protection of the the high the recommended to The of subcooler should that with of the Increased of the capacity and Water
Unit and Mounting should when these To to the housing or chains The mounting or should and located as to free of supply Mounting inches ground base. the ground protection from ground and blown mounting of The should located with clear that to the height of the the mounting mounted walls, with of capacity. Mounting to the of the mounting. mounted should or of the of the or should the or and the mounting assembly. Access the of the servicing. the to service of Mounted to there operating the to follow these the and washers. the spacers. the spacers. (Spacers located the or to the mounting and washers. Allow inch the mounting nut/washer and spacer. Mounting when mounting properly and Mounted products mounted the mounting to they Mount Mount or Application Mount
Head Several of head section and A. necessary. section operation.) B. section and C. A. The ORI of and ORD of The high introduced the the The the ORI The of the ORI to the operating the ORI shown the following to of to PSIG. B. The high the head PSIG. There this On the approximately PSIG. efficiency, the PSIG high At the flow C and R. the below the the to to D. the flow leaving the higher the reduces the flow, and the of to the This of the with reduces the holding the the CAUTION: to the should or Dramatic and the headers as of action operation. should to of and off. Short of of and/or operating below +10F SST flowing the when the CAUTION: should allowed to off At least wired to the the header should whenever the C. This winter which within reasonable to The thermostat(s) should to off the when the reduced to F. Table T.D.s. These as they account Thermostat Thermostat T.D. T1 T2 T NOTE: of and with charge to the should with to the of the should or Turning the clockwise the ORI increase the while turning the counterclockwise the If to the as as once cooler
With the that industry to the CFC to with the HFC and HCFC offered producers. secondary that with the such as HCFC-22 or R502. This compatibility achieved with the introduction of the Hygroscopicity (POE) the characteristic of from the surroundings. This shown graphically where that such and greater than Since than and that and the sealed as as specially sealed the should once readily to the should properly of. and with the as as Leaving the or or overnight MUST BE AVOIDED! received, the POE clear or This as the reflects the activity of the protective additive. Copeland's testing of found that this to the If allowed to this mechanical of the crankcase heater with and turned hours sight EAL ARCTIC CC ICI KMP) EMKARATE RL 32CF 3GS PM NOT ACCEPTABLE WF32 PM RO15 (Witco) PM 200-LT (White (BR Only) Witco LP-200 A/B 200TD AM PM NOT ACCEPTABLE AB-200 PM Preferred Choice of and (AB) with AB. *(Reprinted from Corporation) Traditional below which The BR and white This through the wholesalers. field top-off the of 3GS or or 200TD as as least of the charge 3GS, WF32 and R015 (yellow through wholesalers. These and both high and The EAL ARCTIC CC the to additives included this ICI RL 32S when These HFC the They with of the or and with They therefore with when with CFC or HCFC when used. These with another and 200TD (AB) recommends this as with (MO) when using the such as R-401A, R-401B and R-402A (MP39, MP66 and HP80). of AB these to Shell MS of AB/MO. If this of the existing MO to with the MS to AB HCFC-22 Interims R01A, R01B, R02A (MP-9, MP-, HP-80) HFC-1a, R0A, R507
Phase The phase and relay protects the phase phase and (brownout). phase and three phases, the relay as the light If to and the light the phase then the phase with the This easily corrected the following Turn off switch. of the three input wires. Turn light should and should rotation. Recommended The as Heatcraft Products thoroughly cleaned and the factory. the of the to Therefore, of the to of with and and with the of the The should selected from the The interconnecting the as the the or the The following procedures should followed: or to the atmosphere than necessary. properly sealed Suction should the of Suction suction should from the the the of inch suction the branch suction the top of the suction or the branch to each should the capacity. The should the capacity. Suction that of insulated. the Insulation section information. Suction NOTE: suction the where the of flow from to P-type should located the of each suction to to the of should each suction the of the should through the to and oxidation the preferred. suction and the or to the to of the internally. only the of the the and If isolation the should used. Normally, straight of least locations each of the The should and properly. to should every and and and to of should Supports should of each from the corner. attached to (such as or base) such that the of the mounting the Short of and to these Thoroughly inspect the and wherever significantly than of the other relatively inexpensive as to Unit to Wall Suction wrought or and The suction the as the suction necessary. Generally, recommended each of to of constructing suction Suction Construction
should to flashing. Flashing the and operation. If from the to the or the to vertically the should to whether or heat required. The of suction to heat to the to flashing. This of normally than high The amount of the and of the heat and the operating suction and from the of the suction to type heat that the superheat the suction to to the the suction Generally, heat recommended R-22 they insulated suction to superheat the Defrost Defrost as or Please H-IM-HGD with and and with operation. The thermostatic the externally type. It mounted the Mount the of suction as as to the suction header. the with the to the securely there tight the and the suction Suction and the of the Suction should towards the the of inch return. of than four should the with If used, the should the and the The coolers connected to Generally, than one-third of the the the located the through the suction to the the the Defrost The suction the through the which the from The the the header and the through the assembly. the the heat from the and eventually and the the The then flows through the of the thermostatic assembly, around the thermostatic and the The then other the cooling and to the through their suction REVERSE CYCLE DEFROST PIPING CHECK VALVE TXV CHECK VALVE EVAP. COIL PAN LOOP LIQUID LINE HEAT SUCTION LINE CHECK VALVE Three The three three suction and the suction outlet of the The from the the and the through then to the through the the Three-Pipe Defrost typical the the third off the as the It with each that accomplished or while the to function The from defrosting to the and necessary that or retained the to offset the that the the IMPORTANT: It that with the that of the operating R-22, R0A and R507 Capacity F. and suction THREE-PIPE DEFROST PIPING TXV EVAP. COIL CHECK VALVE PAN LOOP HEAT HOT GAS LINE LIQUID LINE SUCTION LINE
Unit Cooler -10F with One rated -20F SST R404A each rated 10F TD. of to first and of the first and the below). to and allowances. to this through to first to The following and and suction R22, R404A, and R507. of of type "L" Suction Suction -0F -20F 0F +20F +0F O.D. R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A from from the to the capacity of the whole of to -20F SST R404A the chart. You the suction to and to of and of each Therefore, to Table the suction should and the The BTUHs, the suction to and from the to the top to each based and from First and the suction the first and suction the to Table Each of Each through through Table suction and from to both the length, to allowance Table of the of the footage and the allowance
Table of PSIG, and Subcooling Loss, F) PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F R22 R507, R404A Based 110F of of to and Friction Tube, O.D., L Turn Through (Straight Through) or Below Elbow or Reducing (Straight Through) Recommended Remote Capacity Cond. to Cond. to (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) R-22 R507 R-0A
Table Recommended R-22 Capacity +0F +20F +10F BTUH NOTES: that highlighted that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should Suction Suction to 0F -10F -20F
Table Recommended R-0A and R507* Capacity +20F +10F -10F BTUH NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should Suction Suction to -20F -0F -0F
and Detection to the of HFCs, they to readily than CFCs. Consequently, of the that and employed. recommends to strongly recommended to there the and include and hose to both high and of the preferably the If HCFC or CFC used, to completely of the to introducing HFCs. that HFCs. This the of the testing with and/or CFCs. There that of as catalyst and/or and should therefore WARNING: HFC-134a shown to as as 350F) when with than At higher to combustion. Therefore, should with HFC-134a Within the years, with These with the and, when to light the location of tested and the and found to with the Testing connected, the tested. The should to than with and (or CO The of type of its to further recommended that this of hours and then satisfactory the tight. Insulation the to high should insulated to reduce heat and the formation of the Suction insulated with Armstrong or should insulated with inch insulation or The insulation located should protected from UV to of CAUTION: the to the the while should connected to both the and high with or high hoses ID If the service they should closed. of should attached to the readings. off the and should to allow the to turn off when connected to closing off The should operated of reached which the should with the to the through the NOTE: EPA constantly updated. follows regulations. this the service and the to the to with the and the Charging Instructions the supply the service and the service of the receiver. This that to the and initially charging that directly the capacity. of capacity. than the indicates, the Then, as the chart the charging of the of the the and charging the sight charge and the amount If the to the through the of the charge only. charging the high only or with to the Head If charging the clear sight as of charge the following considered. the It 105F. If to reduce the amount of through the from Simply reduce the effective to the the 105F and then to charge to clear the sightglass. this to and allow the to WARNING: with and ordinances. The field should the as the The each located the of the field should professional and with operating including the factory Factory The the with the characteristic the the the cooler and the type should of only and of the to the connected The grounded. the termination should wired Follow the This of the should off of thermostat. If to used, the should located the cooled to motors, protection instead of
and the completed, the following should covered the operation: and they tight. The should or slightly the of the sight to mounting the the spacers. the washers the the mounting and washers, allowing the mounting and the spacer. high and and other and necessary. the thermostat operation and instruction to the should and reference. should rotation. mounts should and and should temporarily wired the charging and operation. while the of charging operation. overcharge. that sight caused as as shortage of the reached operating and the properly to the and of the sight and tight. ALL service properly back-seated and necessary. CAUTION: the first At this of the and of the might the creating which to Activating the crankcase heater hours to required. If crankcase heater then directing heat or other heat the of the approximately thirty this which might WARNING: If phase of input
the and operated least hours operating without of malfunction, should allowed to overnight Then thorough of the should as follows: and suction If within why and corrective action. sight and operation. If there indications that required, and and crankcase sight as to to of the sight Thermostatic with the suction and should insulated. high capacity. superheat and washout. and the within of that indicated the If high or indicated, the If immediately the and corrective action. On three phase to that each phase. The high cooled On cooled as follows: the or the Watch high and operating and necessary. initiation and termination and of of winter head crankcase heater operation used. instruction and of building or owner. Recommended Cooled Units F or anticipated, high R-22, PSI; R-404A, R-507, PSI The switch PSI PSI and ZB should PSI PSI (R-404A R-507) R-22 R-0A/R-507 Cut-In PSI PSI Cut-In PSI PSI Superheat IMPORTANT: to the from and to trouble-free operation, to each and This with The which suction superheat. Suction should the as follows: the suction the suction service of the and the to this from chart. Measure the suction of the suction about foot back from the using thermometer. the from the suction The Too suction superheat to the This of the and of the and or the Too high suction superheat which of the and and It should that the as the suction increases. capacity, suction superheat should as as superheat of 20F the that the superheat the 20F and 30F. If to the suction superheat to the the should NOTE: and field to operation. There factory or This includes high head and
of to the terminals and N. The and the termination thermostat the and the termination The continuously. The heaters off. The thermostat when the the The and which allows to through the cooler. The when the suction the of the On with the closed. If the than PSIG than seconds, the the to the holding The This manually and the restarted. The The and The to the Once the reached, the thermostat and the through the Suction and the when the below the the The and This repeated as as to the thermostat. to the and to the initiated. Defrost The the Typical to four frost required. Switch to the which the to the thermostat, and motors, allowing the to and off. switch to the allowing to flow to of the heater the off, to the the heaters. The heaters the of the to 32F causing the frost to off the the to 45F to 55F, the termination thermostat which allows to the switching the allowing the to The heaters off. If the termination thermostat to the the terminate The and the the reaches 23F to 30F, the This allows the to flow to the motors. The The the another initiated the Defrost Troubleshooting The relatively and trouble-free operation: If the through its operation through wires or other of To of which the of the and counter-clockwise This the outer hour) to the of the with the to the the other hour) the outer the of that required. of To the the clockwise the of (and AM or PM) the outer with the the counter-clockwise the white the outer outward each initiation Each white and of (following from the initiation to AM, the outward that and the AM of the The initiate AM and terminate AM termination first). with assembly; NOTE: correcting that the and free of back operation. NOTES: relays or normally closed switch of the wired to Its to of the heaters the and to If the to of with the disabled, the clock to the heaters from should as as to integrity.
Troubleshooting Chart PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSES POSSIBLE CORRECTIVE STEPS switch Thermal tripped. Defective or cooling required. Phase or of crankcase. suction or Worn reversed. High overcharges with shutoff closed. Head Suction closed. suction head High suction or Check superheat. suction of or iced. suction or suction strainers. malfunctioning. too TXV. or suction crankcase. switch defective. Worn Worn bearings. housing of by. back. or thermal switch Blown Overcharged switch. and shorts or grounds. overloading. corrected. closely when back or type and of shutdown and switch. cooling. or or Tighten screws. to of or phase change. the Clean. operation. and charge. corrective suction and charge. Clean. cartridge(s). Clean strainers. and Clean. crankcase heater. higher operation. of rotation. and/or through and and Correct to within CPR/EPR injection, Clean charge.
Preventive Unit At every month or or fouling of through the the following items should inspect of and or or when operation. causing and and headers, and with to that clear of or and free Clean and cleaning accomplished using or or based cleaner. Follow the and to and the of and that each rotates freely and that smoothly or screws and of or that worn, cracked or that securely to the Inspect and inspect and found to that and ground tighten necessary. of and when used. of and accordingly heater inspect heaters to with the If heaters termination and frost heaters as heat operation and others). cooler and reading inspect Air-Cooled Units inspect of and to around building and with found and as of indicator/sightglass the sight there of of and indicated to high. Quarterly indicator/sightglass If found and as sightglass of of and as required). or corrective action as Inspect of wear or and and inspection items. Clean and cleaning accomplished and cleaner. If used, should based cleaner. Follow operation of that each rotates freely and that smoothly or screws and as required. of cracks, wear or stress. to the and as that mounted securely. permanently sealed, motors. Inspect and that and ground as required. of and heater and as operation and of timers, relays and Clean of insects and corrective action as required. of crankcase heater suction, and readings. If action. of cooling, injection or and as that superheat the conforms to specification. (30F to 45F) and and operation. to and high of or and Investigate of high which normally to the crankcase, or superheat as Inspect suction If the insulated insulation and inspect and to to and Apply and as required. Annually
Typical with and without Defrost Typical with Defrost
Typical with Defrost Typical Phase Defrost and
Typical Defrost and Typical with Contactors/without Heater
Typical with Heater Defrost and Typical Defrost and with Unit Cooler Holdout
to of and and Heatcraft Products (HRP) including and At wholesalers with selection of and the base. built to the high performance with which HRP built backed to every the the industry. should obtained from wholesaler. which covered the terms of the warranty of this only. The from the warranty Heatcraft Products the right to the amount warranty when with information, or www.interlinkparts.com. and Operations (H-IM-L), please H-IM-CU-0808 Since the right to specifications without The the CLIMATE CONTROL