H-IM-72B October H-IM-72A Installation, and EATCRAFT NC EFRIGERATION RODUCTS IVISION EST ARK LACE LVD TONE OUNTAIN GA AX WWW HEATCRAFTRPD COM MAIL HRPD FEEDBACK HEATCRAFT COM
Introduction Inspection Unit Definition Warranty Location of INDOOR Clearances Foundation Mounts Locations Location of OUTDOOR Ground Mounting Mounting Unit Mount Unit Access Clearance Clearance Decorative Units Units Suction Suction Inverted Trap Insulation Chart Table of Table of Table of 5A. Recommended R-404A and R507 Table 5B. Recommended R-404A and R507 6A. Recommended R-22 6B. Recommended R-22 Recommended Checking, and Distribution Priority Head Superheat (NOTE: Superheat factory) Superheat Superheat Table 3D/4D/6D State Typical Table Factors Table Switch Table Charges O6D/E History of Switch Performance Table Three-Phase Sight Sight Devices Direct Table Capacity P100 P100 Switch S-9400 Switch Table Switch Table S-9400 S-9400 Separators................................................................................. Table AC Table C Troubleshooting Suction Table Suction Procedure Company DF clean-up) Table AF AFD clean-up) Head Functions Recommended Table Turn and and Table R404A Table R22 Switch RMCC.......................................... SERVICE DIAGNOSIS CHART Service Record Reference Heatcraft
HEATCRAFT INC. Units INTRODUCTION employing to and mounted The or The include the mounted and piped. The selection and of the based the of the customer. The of the Heatcraft the selection of the the selected their and to service to Simplicity of the Heatcraft of the to service and The and of the Heatcraft the of and/or heat and the following found of and and INSPECTION Unit inspection should assigned to Inspect the and shipped with them or shortages and items of should accounted to the shortages or (Specify the and type of found). Unit should inspected the Heatcraft and the of the immediately. inspection with the the inspected should when to The shipped with holding charge of to that the of immediately to the Heatcraft service NOTE: Accessory items such as mounting that items. UNIT DESIGNATION Units brand, type, of horsepower, type, type, and otherwise the numbered from to the highest and from to right while facing the Brand (B, C, H, or L) Reciprocating Screw C Compound Unit Construction Remote Attached Platform Unit) Quantity 5th, 6th, HP HP HP Water C Defrost Water High C Combination R22 R507 Unit C Application
SYSTEM WARRANTY This to properly and the rated when with The following should to when this to the warranty. with the The supply to the the following of the ratings. Phase and switch properly connected to the The factory without written factory RIGGING Warning: considerations should the The only of the to of the the base. The the with or of the four corners of the base. If used, the should from contacting of the or LOCATION OF EQUIPMENT INDOOR Clearances The should located they and easily serviced. The clearance around the should inches the and inches the front of (or as National or to inches NOTE: Turn each the casting to the casting. MOUNT ADJUSTMENT SHOULD NEVER EXCEED and Foundation The of pounds and pounds. Allowances the and other the as the The location and of should with and While each constructed with to withstand the action of the interconnected and the mounted firm and isolated from the of the building. Mounts ordinary ground or installations, that to vibration-free to the the with the supplied. locations. and other installations The of inch thick properly reinforced mounting It recommended that the previously installations closely to. If this mounts (optional the of each of The mounts the and the lowered to the mounts. that other mounting and the or turning the mount with wrench. This should and the with Locations
LOCATION OF EQUIPMENT OUTDOOR The mounting platform or should and located as to free of supply Units located the of or The should mounted from such as offices. The to and the Sound and should retained Ground Mounting The and foundation. with footings below the frost and approximately inches ground base. the ground protection from ground and The should isolated from the building Finally, mounting the of the Mounting Rooftop installations beams to the of the and service The of the beams/supports and to the involved, mounting. Also, sound applications, should used. UNIT VIBRATION ISOLATION recommended that isolators, of type, the base. The the operating of the Rubber-in-shear or type others) this COMPRESSOR SPRING VIBRATION ISOLATORS On with this option, the to there operating the it to follow these the and washers. the spacers. the spacers. (Spacers located the or to the mounting and washers. Allow inch the mounting nut/washer and the spacer. Mount
UNIT ACCESS clearance and service. clearances below of free front of the Please that these and clearance Clearance permitted. from the that the to back to the of the Clearance or The should located that freely and recirculated. and access, of the should of four from or obstruction. It that this increased whenever should to that through and the where three the the installations Decorative than the four foot the whenever to allow to the Once should to service. Recommended service clearances Units The top of the should with the top of the If the top of the with the top of the or to to the top of the This Units (Unit-to-Unit Clearance) the M) to
INDOOR UNITS If or located to the To allow recommended, although might With with of the heat rejected off the casting and the The the of the CFM of TD The should that the and National should followed. ELECTRICAL To the operation of and reduce the of of to the following with the National and existing The supply the as the supply provided. fluctuations of corrected. relays only) selected with specified as the They or shorted-out. with phase, supply. the the that and motor-protective and that troubleshooting the found the cover. REFRIGERANT PIPING The as Heatcraft, thoroughly cleaned and the factory. the of the field required. Therefore, of the to introduction of with and and with the of the to performance. Suction than or suction to the and increase operating the charts this The following should followed: or to the atmosphere. only properly sealed Suction should the should the SUCTION P-TRAPS the of each suction of four or to to the each section of below. The should the as the below. Construction
with or where with or off capacity suction should below. The should that the cross-section to the section of that would both satisfactory velocity and The normally with the as shown. The to and when the the Suction operation, and flowing through both At the velocity high enough to both The of the flow and the "P" This force of the flow the thereby the velocity and assuring through the than suction to each branch with inverted below. Inverted Trap should through the to and oxidation the straight that to and this information. Insulation suction from the to the with thickness closed-cell type insulation suction with thick insulation to to high should insulated with insulation. Suction and should or together. Strap and to and should to to Straight should each to every to to should of each attached to (such as or base) such that the of the mounting the only suction and the or to the to of the internally. the of the the
Suction, and to and and to This straight of or where and should allow of the On with the and with The suction normally the the If the and the of and of the Table Chart Table of "L" Ref. Amount of (Inches) O.D. NOTE: and should based the of of which and F. the each of of of heated from of to F, of F, F) (inches) X.0000094 inches from Research Association) to the of the to the amount of and then offsets or the Normally the to concerned with the straight from the to the of of to the and type assembling with as The of such to shown and items and suction together and should located and such as to the and of the should to to
of Expressed PSIG, and Loss, F) PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG PSIG R12 R22 R502 R134A R507, R404A Based of Table of to and Friction) Tube, O.D., "L" Turn Through Straight Through or Elbow or Reducing (Straight Through)
Table of of type "L" Suction Suction O.D. R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A R507, 404A
5A. Recommended R-404A and R507 SYSTEM +20F +10F -10F -20F CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should SUCTION LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE
Table 5B. Recommended R-404A and R507 -20F -30F -40F SYSTEM CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should SUCTION LINE SIZE LIQUID LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE to
6A. Recommended R-22 SYSTEM +40F +20F +10F 0F CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should SUCTION LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE
Table 6B. Recommended R-22 0F -10F -20F SYSTEM CAPACITY BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction shown O.D. Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly. Recommended increase with If below of to suction should SUCTION LINE SIZE LIQUID LINE SIZE SUCTION TEMPERATURE to
Recommended R-12 R-22 R-502 R507 R-404A Cond. to Cond. to Cond. to Cond. to Capacity (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.) (O.D.)
Checking, and Warning: It to knowingly or CFCs and to the atmosphere. ALL CFCs and or To the closed suction, and The shipped with holding of and should free. the each to of and each each to allow the the assembly. to throughout the assembly. and the high with fresh to both the and high the and should with or high hose of least the to the first each the should the introduction of the The should through when the the brought to the first and the and suction should each shell. recommended. The third and should of or this reached, as as the receiver. the ready to started. as recommended elsewhere this service and shut-off to they and the the rotation. should rotation. The boxes that the from operating the reached It to the to them through charging and pull-down. The the to to to force the to this With and and switches turned off, apply to the If the phase the light further. instructions phase this light incorrect or with to to the Correct the proceeding. Turn the the If the it initiate this The Heatcraft (CPC). the the with the Turn to The turning the switches. each turning the switch. It recommended that and allowing them to It to to when and that the correct. each and tested and the amount of operation, allow the to and the room/fixture Once the operating, the and/or the the should instructions this the or as necessary to and the the receiver. The that should and should tested. to the should and that the operating this the the and as necessary. The should the and sight than of to If the as to the properly.
Distribution The selected based the type of that each of suction selected. recommended to the with The to the through the when operation. each of the and shipped to the Heatcraft offers three of and the Priority The type of of or Typical operation as follows: The off consists of and suction isolation, and Defrost initiated the The the the and the the The terminates the and the the back The consists of and suction isolation, heater heater fusing, and three phase used, and Defrost initiated the The the the and the heater the heaters the to termination within the the to the the of each to allow the to cool the This and from from the The the back Priority The Priority consists of and suction isolation, with suction and Defrost initiated the closing the and suction The and typical the from the defrosting the the Priority the to the through injected the suction the and flows to the defrosted. The as flows through the The the the then flows through the the and then to the The the to below the The from the to the to flows to the The Priority that than of the The (DDGR) normally to approximately The of the Priority consists of located the The should to the suction There TXV mounted to overheating the suction The should as to superheat. of this information the of the Head of round head This to the amount of which selected the the the and head This of the The following of head the effective and the of The the fact that relatively to the and operation. Head consists of and to head the to the to flow of from the with This causing the to reaches the the to allowing to flow to the receiver. the the and the to flow.
The become the The increased of the the efficiency of the attractive accessory The Heatcraft the RMCC) The RMCC offers and through or input boards (16AI). The continuously the operation, and the RMCC the operation, the reported to and sounding as required. Interface with the through or phase and boards (8R0). The 8RO boards mounted remotely when such as cooled These boards connected to the RMCC three and purchased as the Remote with the RMCC through that supplied. to the from and to free operation, to each and every Superheat This with The that suction superheat Superheat the factory. Suction should the as follows: the suction the suction service of the and the to this from chart. the suction of the suction about foot back from the using thermometer. the Saturated from the suction The Superheat. If suction superheat too to the This of the and of the and the as of the High suction that breakdown of the This action and Also, as the increases, the suction reduced capacity. capacity, suction should as as HEATCRAFT recommends that the the than F. If to the suction to the the should instructions section. Superheat Superheat the reached or to reaching the the should and necessary. Generally, with TD of should of to efficiency. To properly the superheat of the the following the Heatcraft recommends. Measure the of the suction the the clamped. the suction that the suction the location of the following the the directly and accurately. directly the suction the or directly the suction header of the the reading as Convert the obtained or to using chart. the from the The Superheat. Superheat The of superheat found following the that which the Measure the of the suction the the the of of the to the the outlet from the The Superheat. This as as the through the
The of the Heatcraft incorporate the Other The mounted to or mounted the receiver. reciprocating incorporate Crankcase heaters and wired. head cooling Table 3D 4D 6D State T.I. 3D-FSM 4D 6D 31AA-1600E Typical C to rating of Factors Factors 3D Application AE Capacity 3D One Unloading Performance HT MT LT HT MT LT HT MT LT CAPACITY 4D POWER AMPS CAPACITY 6D POWER AMPS rating factors when with suction to AE Cooling Restrictions Switch MFGRS. Cut-In P45NCA-12 P30-5826 PD21-2502 PD21-1006 P45NCB-3 LG21-2501 type with the rated reciprocating or as directed the high and and wired each with The of to those normally to Usually, the the the matched.
Charges Family Initial Initial 2D 3D 4DA3-100E 4DL3-150E 4DA3-200E 4DT3-220E 4DH3-250E 4DJ3-300E 6D 6DT3-300* 6DJ3-400* 3GS or TD AB 200A Thermal CFC and HCFC 3GS WFI- IGI HFC CPI ICI RL68H 2916S EAL SW68 ISO68 HFC 68NA Table O6D/E History O6D MODELS O6E MODELS PSI (BAR) PSI (BAR) to to S/N 2084J...) to to to March to to S/N 2084J... 1094J) to to Starting March to to S/N 1094J....) to to POE 22CC EAL Arctic CC ICI RL32CF Thermal 22CC Screw Screw The O6D and O6E type. It high flow The internal to to suction
Table Switch Cut-In OR 60B2101 P529-2130 OR 60B2151 P529-2100 Johnson Cut-In O6DA660115 P345 Table Performance Factor Factor Unloaded Unloaded Capacity EER Capacity EER Table Suction Required-Discharge Application PSI Suction PSI O6D O6E L.T. R-502, 404A, M.T. R-502, 404A, L.T. R-12, M.T. R-22 or H.T. R-22 rating factors when with suction 3-Phase The microprocessor-based and phase constantly the three phase to detected, the phase relay deactivated specified The relay reactivates to specified amount of The to The LED light and On the light continuously red, the phase to reversed. should and to phase. the of the field of the three leads the to L1, L2, and L3 to switched. with or Screw which of the to the to switched to match the of the The of Screw and properly phased the to
Sight The sight that charge and/or when the to replaced. the shortage of or restriction the typically from the or service operations which the to the atmosphere. it leads to the formation of which the of the indicating from to or the which the to the the indicating should to within hours of to operation. Sight Devices to from when operating or when the to heat. containing off from other of the If the completely with and to the of the If the both and which Receivers, the to the characteristic of the If builds high enough to the to of released. This reduction of that the released instantly with With the the released and the Direct Direct once, should replaced. The Direct to of the to reseal tightly and to the and the such
Table Capacity of Ammonia R717 TYPE CATALOG SIZE CONNECTION STANDARD PRESSURE SETTINGS PSIG NUMBER INLET OUTLET ANGLE 526E M.P.T. FLARE 527E M.P.T. FLARE M.P.T. FLARE 5231-A M.P.T. FLARE STRAIGHT M.P.T. FLARE THROUGH M.P.T. FLARE M.P.T. F.P.T. M.P.T. F.P.T. M.P.T. F.P.T. M.P.T. F.P.T. Table Table MAXIMUM LENGTH OF DISCHARGE PIPE IN FEET FOR PSIG PRESSURE SETTING RELIEF DEVICE CAPACITY SOFT COPPER TUBE O.D. SCHEDULE PIPE LBS. AIR/MIN. Devices the this or the the of the and to the each and the and to the and to the and to
P100 The P100 Johnson Inc., encapsulated, throw, mount typically or high On the Heatcraft the High There and to the selected actuation the internal snap-acting its and of or closed. the below the the back to its the The snap-acting the the when the Once the the force the them. of the with the the the to The latching the free. The the depressed. The when the to Switch S-9400 Switch OPTION Not or receivers. Switch Table CAT VOLTAGE RESISTIVE CONTACTS NO. RATING LIQ. PRESENT S-9420 N.C. CAT REPLACEMENT REPLACEMENT NO. WIRE COLOR MODULE NO. SIGHT GLASS CODE NO. S-9420 RED WHITE The S-9400 Switches C C OMPONENTS light reflecting from as of detecting the of the of the covers the of the light from the reflects from the of the back to light the to switch. covers the of the the light from the the This of light the which switches the The from the
Disconnect the from the the IRR with IRR P-101 or the the the leads. the Reassemble the and to effective to to of through the to the and of This of to the finally, amount as of of the suction as to the as of This amount of to to the the of the the the the of the and the velocity. from the of the each the of the increased. phase from to and therefore through the that otherwise with Additionally, to the lowering heat and as and the the the and lowering heat IMPORTANT: the drastically reduce the amount of through the Correct suction and of and implemented to the properly. This type normally and three basic and The to the of the and the of the to the brought from the to the top of the to the suction with to the the This the suction the of the or to the Mechanical rated from to The of the to mounted the crankcases. These to as the and as the to the this the the Either strainer or to from the There of that the Heatcraft racks. One type the This type the flow chamber which lowers the velocity and then the the the they to the of the The commonly the type. This type type to the The exceptionally the to another them they forced to the outer of the These to the of the and the then to the
the charge of to This charge of the amount that to the This amount of the when operation and the and to the to the to the the bouncing the and causing the to New from the factory Precharged. the type of that the crankcase. the below the amount of to Precharged. AC HELICAL MODEL NO. OIL PRECHARGE S-5180, S-5181 S-5182, S-5190, S-5200 S-5410 CONVENTIONAL MODEL NO. OIL PRECHARGE S-5500 S-5600 S-1900, S-5700 S-5800 The the type this than and and the to These should to hours of with the this If the becomes dirty, function its performance the of burnout, the contained the the used, the required. The the function as the There the outlet and the to flow to the This should to to the higher than the highest suction group. This the and rotating the or as required. The currently and A7 with of to ADRI Turn (clockwise) to increase Turn (counterclockwise) to Approximately turn. Factory Table TEMPRITE MODEL NO. OIL PRECHARGE 922R, 923R 924R 925R 926R, 927R 928R 930R The C to and sight The this to the include to or the The C the to the to the The while the and the the the locking (S-9130 S-9190 only), and rotating the clockwise to lower, counter clockwise to the the and locking when Each of the the these typically factory below sight operating that should confused with its The operating the of the feeding the and the where the Specifically, the the crankcase If the too that flow to the If the too high, the
C C CONNECTION OPERATION OIL LEVEL, MODEL SIZE PRESSURE SIGHT NO. DIFF, GLASS S-9010 BOLT S-9010A BOLT S-9015 NPTF F. S-9090 BOLT S-9090A BOLT S-9110 BOLT S-9120 BOLT S-9130 BOLT S-9190 BOLT Troubleshooting The should checked. the and often the to the properly. It sight the know or causing to If the and least hour, the properly. The to and feed ounces of and the builds back If the there to the to the the service the normally of loads: shutdown, This however the consistently or high, the should thoroughly. It to the feeding or the suction If the too often this force of the and though there the the to the the to off the feeding to the while the operating and If of the or trapped the cavity the The sight to the the If the feeding or the sight or and normally appear empty. If the feeding, the sight of and the of the this sight to the To the the the off the to further feeding, the off the the and the from the The should the amount or ounces operation. the amount or below the with the or that there to or If that the or otherwise malfunctioning, the replaced. the and/or there the around and and or when to or these the and the as Suction as and option other type the plate of The shipped field of Checking, and section this SPORLAN NO. OF DESICCANT MODEL CORES VOLUME CORE (CU IN) PART NO. C-489-(G) C-969-(G) RC-4864 C14411-(G) RC-4864-HH C-19211-(G) RCW-48 C-4021-(G) C-4025-(G) G plate with FPT #RC__ Core, RC__HH Core RCW_ High Water Capacity Table ALCO NO. OF DESICCANT MODEL CORES VOLUME CORE (CU IN) PART NO. STAS-489-T* STAS-969-T D-48 STAS-14411-T H-48 UK-48 STAS-19211-T STAS-19213-T W-48 STAS-19217-T T Service #D Capacity, H High Capacity UK High Capacity, W
Suction suction as The pleated the suction of this the they back to the The suction shipped field installation. of Checking, Evacuation, and section this Procedure Another of the suction its of burnout. the to the of and other from burnout. The following of burnout. the of the burnout. burnouts where through the to the Normally to the charge the service the and products found the high and With this should to breathing the and to from with the Thoroughly clean and such as suction strainers and and the suction to the clean. or the suction the shell. If the from the follow the found of this the and the operation. Record the the suction and reference. the suction the becomes the the first hours. as often as required, further the operation hours, the of the If the the and suction the of operation. If the or the and suction when the clean, free, and to testing or other the suction with suction to suction and to protection. information and the RSES Service section Suction The suction RFE-48-BD. that to inch
Suction On the suction Cartridges Shell IBCA Cartridge OD 2CFA F25A 3CFA F35A 4CFA F45A 5CFA F55A Table DF Cartridges Shell IBCA Cartridge OD 2CFA DF25A 3CFA DF35A 4CFA DF45A 5CFA DF55A Suction to the suction and interchangeable AF Cartridges Shell Cartridge Core OD BTAS-2 A2F BTAS-3 A3F BTAS-4 A4F BTAS-5 A5F Table AFD Cartridges Shell Cartridge Core OD BTAS-2 A2F-D BTAS-3 A2F-D BTAS-4 A2F-D BTAS-5 A2F-D Head with the the supplying to through outlet Further directing only the to the top of the to the of and to the increased and efficiency. Also, the amount of that would otherwise to reduced and used. third of to the and the receiver. Functions to the the from the and the The as the below the back- the and reducing the condensing. and the from to the This the and when this below the the C the to higher from the when the
This than and C and closed. the the the to become lower. this reduced, when the becomes as as its to causing the to back the reducing the and allowing the to the reduced the to below the of B, which to to to the the of B. C the high from to the when the higher than the as the shutdown with receiver. the builds to the of A, allowing to to the receiver. To this subcooled and to the the and to the and the and the Recommended with furnished with the and factory shown below. Turning the (clockwise) the turning the (counterclockwise) the below and amount of turn. Turn Factory Turn A4A to to ARA0 A7A to to A7A1 A72 to to A9 field of the following should to and the other and functioning properly. the as as should when the below F. Ideally the should to allow the to below the that the operation. It to temporarily the to the The should information Table the with the operating, enough allowed the to the sight to to the Turn the off to allow the to The should to when the reaches the flow through while the To the of B, allow the to enough to the to the receiver. the the obtained. Flow through the the or the The of should least than the of A. (DVB) to downstream or suction the the the closed. the suction below the the and to as with type the amount of to the the this the suction the suction to the to farther the of the reached. On to the suction from below the the and Application The ADRS(E)-2, ADRP(E)-3, and ADRH(E)-6 with and The factory these and respectively. The ADRI(E)-1-1/4 with and the factory To these the the with wrench ADRS(E)-2, ADRP(E)-3, and ADRH(E)-6. The ADRI(E)-1-1/4 screw top of the housing. clockwise increases the and counterclockwise the
these because the the and to exactly when the located the Therefore, to the suction the Once this accomplished, the the DBV hissing sound and/or accompanying the outlet that the and CPHE and DGRE commonly to the suction from below Complete information about these found ALCO CONTROLS 24-D. The first to the the suction allowable the The following should followed. the and operating properly: the and the suction the To that bypassed, to the flow or the outlet If the this flowing. Stop the of the or turning the assembly C OUNTERCLOCKWISE the the suction lowers to the which If the to flow, Turn the assembly C LOCKWISE and suction below the C LOCKWISE turn of the increase the C OUNTERCLOCKWISE from to with to change. should allowing the to each turn. the to that the suction below the the the The following when mechanical switches incorporated and should and based T.D. Table R404A EPR LP C/I LP C/O Table R22 EPR LP C/I LP C/O Switch RMCC of such as CPCs RMCC operation. On these there mechanical each suction that the This the of board or other This the suction that the would expected to to from with the RMCC suction group, this should and suction higher. the that this to actually the the and the suction that the to to or NOTE: This mounted with the to the suction header.
(Service/Maintenance should service technician.) charge the sight crankcase heater operation. and appearance of around the Monthly the suction and and tightness. Inspect and mounts cracks, screws or mounting Tighten and of appearance of interior. appearance of boxes. appearance of insulation. operation of Quarterly With operation, operating Suction and operating and Annually required. Clean as required. and suction The information only as to servicing and owners to the operating and recommended service
SERVICE DIAGNOSIS CHART Symptom or switch blown Tripped section or or head, and or or Unit too plate high head tight bearings, air-cooled shortage and recharge. charge high or Improperly wired location of closing operating manually. relay start-winding leads. If leads right, grounded If leads right, High of Tight Correct Unit operates sticking closed Clean or or and charge continuously Clean or high and and necessary and too high too high to or Clean or and too high Iced or Defrost or Unit too or or Clear or increase charge High overcharge the the Clean High or restriction Head
Symptom and charge suction or Clean or plates suction corrective suction Head or head or head High suction or suction of and charge or iced. Defrost or cartridge(s) suction or Clean strainer or suction malfunctioning and too TXV or suction Clean crankcase crankcase heater. TXV higher superheat. operation. switch Worn of the where the or Worn and house of and charge back or that within thermal allowable Blown switch Clean Overcharged
SERVICE RECORD sheet should each installation, with the and the the If another firm to service and should as necessary. Reference The following information should and the Installed: Started: and Address: Location: Unit Unit Phase: SST: Group: Group: Group: Group: Group: Group: Evacuation: Micron: Suction P: Suction P: Suction P: Superheat Since Heatcraft, the right to without EATCRAFT NC EFRIGERATION RODUCTS IVISION EST ARK LACE LVD TONE OUNTAIN GA AX WWW HEATCRAFTRPD COM MAIL HRPD FEEDBACK HEATCRAFT COM