H-IM-PCS October H-IM-72B, October and
Introduction Inspection Unit Definition Warranty Location of INDOOR Clearances Foundation Mounts Locations Location of OUTDOOR Ground Mounting Mounting Unit Mount Unit Access Clearance Clearance Decorative Units Units Suction P-Trap P-Trap Suction Inverted Trap Insulation Chart of Table of of 5A. Recommended R-404A and R-507 5B. Recommended R-404A and R-507 Table 6A. Recommended R-22 Table 6B. Recommended R-22 Recommended Remote and Distribution Priority Defrost Head Superheat (NOTE: Superheat factory) Superheat Superheat 3D/4D/6D State Typical Table Factors Table Switch Table Charges O6D/E History Table of Heatcraft Products LLC and Operations Switch Table Performance Table Three-Phase Sight Sight Devices Direct Table Capacity P100 P100 Switch S-9400 Switch Table Switch S-9400 S-9400 Table AC&R Table Table AC&R Troubleshooting Suction Table Suction Procedure Table DF clean-up) AF Table AFD clean-up) Head Functions Recommended Turn and and Table R-404A/R-507 Table R-22 Switch RMCC SERVICE DIAGNOSIS CHART Service Record Reference
Introduction employing to and mounted The or The include the mounted and piped. The selection and of the based the of the customer. The of the Heatcraft the selection of the the selected their and to service to Simplicity of the Heatcraft of the to service and The simplicity and of the Heatcraft the of and/or heat and the following found of and and Inspection Unit inspection should assigned to Inspect the and shipped with them or shortages and items of should accounted to the shortages or (Specify the and type of found). Unit should inspected the Heatcraft and the of the immediately. inspection with the the inspected should when to The shipped with charge of to that the of immediately to the Heatcraft service NOTE: Accessory items such as mounting that items. Unit Units brand, type, of type, type, and otherwise the from to the highest and from to right while facing the Operations October Definition: Brand (B, C, H, or L) Reciprocating Screw C Compound Unit Construction Remote Attached Platform Unit) Quantity 5th, 6th, HP HP HP Water C Defrost Water High C Combination R-22 R-134A R-404A, R-507 Unit C Application
Warranty This to properly and the rated when with The following should to when this to the warranty: with the The to the the following of the Phase and switch properly connected to the The factory without written factory Warning: should the The of the to of the the base. The the with or and and Operations of the four corners of the base. If used, the should from contacting of the or Clearances The should located they and easily serviced. The clearance around the should inches the and inches the front of (or as National or to inches Foundation The of pounds and pounds. the and other the as the The location and of should with and While each constructed with to withstand the action of the interconnected and the mounted firm and isolated from the of the Mounts ordinary ground or installations, that to vibration-free to the the with the supplied. locations. and other installations The of inch thick properly reinforced mounting It recommended that the installations closely to. If this NOTE: Turn each the casting to the casting. MOUNT ADJUSTMENT SHOULD NEVER EXCEED Locations
mounts (optional the of each of The mounts the and the lowered to the mounts. that other mounting and the or turning the mount with wrench. This should and the with Location of The mounting platform or should and located as to free of supply Units located the of or The should mounted from such as offices. The to and the Sound and should retained Mounting The and foundation. with footings below the frost and inches ground base. the ground protection from ground and blown The should isolated from the building Finally, mounting the of the Mounting Rooftop installations beams to the of the and service The of the beams/supports and to the involved, mounting. Also, sound should used. Unit recommended that isolators, of type, the base. The the operating weight of the Rubber-in-shear or type others) this Operations October On with this option, the to there operating the to follow these the and washers the spacers the spacers (Spacers located the or to the mounting and washers Allow inch the mounting nut/washer and the Mount
and Operations Unit Access clearance and service. clearances below of free front of the Please that these and clearance Clearance Overhead obstructions permitted. from the that the to back to the of the Clearance or The should located that freely and flow and access, of the should of four from or obstruction. It that this increased whenever should to that through and the where three the the Decorative than the four foot the whenever to allow to the Once should to service. Recommended service clearances Units The top of the should with the top of the If the top of the with the top of the or to to the top of the This Units (Unit-to-Unit Clearance) the to
Units If or located to the To allow 10F recommended, although 15F might With with of the heat rejected off the casting and the The the of the CFM of THR TD The should that the and National should followed. To the operation of and reduce the of of to the following with the National and existing The supply the as specified the plate supply of corrected relays only) selected with specified as the They or shorted-out with phase, supply. the the that and motor-protective and that troubleshooting the found the The as Heatcraft, thoroughly cleaned and the factory. the of the field Therefore, of the to introduction of with and and with the operation of the to performance. Suction than or Operations October suction to the and increase operating the charts this The following procedures should or to the atmosphere properly sealed Suction should the should the Suction the of each suction of four or to to the P-Trap each section of below: P-Trap *The P-Trap should the as the below P-Trap Construction
with capacity or where with or off capacity suction should below. The should that the cross-section to the section of that both satisfactory velocity and The normally with the as shown. The to and when the the Suction operation, and flowing through both At the velocity high enough to both The of the and the P This force of the the there the velocity and assuring through the connecting than suction to each branch with inverted below: Straight should each Inverted Trap and Operations should through the to and oxidation the preferred. straight that to and this information. Insulation suction from the to the with thickness closed-cell type insulation suction with thick insulation to to high should insulated with insulation. Suction and should or together. Strap and to and should to to to every to every to should of each attached to (such as or base) such that the of the mounting the suction and the or to the to of the internally. the of the the
Suction, and to and and to This straight of or where and should allow of the On with the and with The suction normally the the If the and the of and of the Table Chart Table of L Ref. OD NOTES: Calculations and should based the of of which 77F and 212F. the each of of of heated from of 70F to 170F, of 100F, 100F F) (inches) X.0000094 inches from Research Association) Operations October to the of the to the amount of and then offsets or the Normally the to concerned with the straight from the to the of of to the and type assembling with as The of such to shown Table and items and suction together and should located and such as to the and of the should to to Amount of
Table of PSIG, and Subcooling Loss, F) PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F PSIG F R-12 R-22 R-502 R-134A R-404A/R-507 Based 110F of Table of to and Friction) OD, L Turn Through Straight Through or or Reducing (Straight Through) and Operations
Table of of L OD Operations October 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A 134A R-507, 404A Suction Suction -40F -20F 0F 20F 40F
5A. Recommended R-404A/R-507* Capacity BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown OD Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly 20F and Operations Suction Suction 10F Recommended increase with If below of to suction should -10F -20F
5B. Recommended R-404A/R-507 -20F NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown OD Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly Operations October Suction Suction to -30F -40F Recommended increase with If below of to should Capacity BTU/H
Table 6A. Recommended R-22* Capacity BTU/H NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown OD Suction selected to 2F. of accordingly 40F and Operations Suction Suction 20F Recommended increase with If below of to should 10F 0F
Table 6B. Recommended R-22 0F NOTES: that highlighted suction that should should Properly suction return. shown OD Suction selected to 2F. of capacity accordingly Operations October Suction Suction to -10F -20F Recommended increase with If below of to suction should Capacity BTU/H
Table Recommended Remote Capacity R-12 R-134A R-22 R-502 R-507 R-404A Cond. to (OD) (OD) (OD) and Operations Cond. to (OD) (OD) Cond. to (OD) (OD) Cond. to (OD)
and Warning: It to knowingly or To the closed suction, and The shipped with holding charge of and should free. the each to of and each each checked, to allow the the assembly. to throughout the assembly. and the high with fresh to both the and high the and should with or high hose of least the to the first each the should the introduction of the The should through when the the brought to the first and the and suction should each recommended. The third and should of or this reached, as as the receiver. the ready to started. as recommended this service and shut-off to they and the the rotation. should rotation. The boxes that the from operating the reached It necessary to the to them through charging and pull-down. The the to to to force the to this Operations October CFCs and to the atmosphere. ALL CFCs and or recycled. With and and switches turned off, apply to the If the phase the light further. instructions phase elsewhere this light incorrect or with to connected to the Correct the proceeding. Turn the the If the initiate this The Heatcraft (CPC). the the with the Turn to The turning the switches. each turning the switch. It recommended that and allowing them to It to to when and that the correct. each and tested and the amount of operation, allow the to and the room/fixture Once the the and/or the the should instructions this the or as to and the the receiver. The that should and checked. should tested. to the should and that the operating this the the and as necessary. The should the and sight than of to If the as to the properly.
Distribution The selected based the type of that each of selected. recommended to the with The to the through the when operation. each of the and shipped to the Heatcraft offers three of and the Priority Racks. The type of of or preference. Typical as follows: The consists of and suction isolation, and Defrost initiated the The the the operation and the the The terminates the and the the back Defrost The consists of and suction isolation, heater heater fusing, and three phase used, and Defrost initiated the The the the and the heater the heaters the to termination within the the to the the of each to allow the to the This and from from the The the back Priority Defrost The Priority Defrost consists of and suction isolation, with suction and Defrost initiated the closing the and suction The and typical the from the the the Priority the to the through injected the the and flows to the defrosted. The and Operations as flows through the The the the then flows through the the and then to the The the to below the The from the to the to flows to the The Priority that than of the The (DDGR) normally to approximately The of the Priority consists of located the The should to the suction There desuperheating TXV mounted to overheating the suction The should as to 20F of this information the of the Head of round head This to the amount of which selected the the the and head This of the The following of head the effective and the of The the fact that relatively to the and operation. Head consists of and to head the to the to flow of from the with This causing the to reaches the the to allowing to to the receiver. the the and the to flow.
The become the The increased of the the of the attractive accessory The Heatcraft the (RMCC) The RMCC offers and through or input boards (16AI). The continuously the operation, and the RMCC the operation, the to and sounding as required. Interface with the through or phase and boards (8R0). The 8RO boards mounted remotely when such as cooled These boards connected to the RMCC three and purchased as the Remote with the RMCC through that supplied. to the from and to trouble-free operation, to each and every Superheat This with The that suction Superheat the factory. Suction should the as follows: the suction the suction service of the and the to this from chart. Measure the suction of the suction about foot back from the thermometer. the Saturated from the suction The Superheat. If suction superheat too to the This of the and of the and the as of the High suction that of the This action and Operations October Also, as the increases, the suction reduced capacity. capacity, suction superheat should as as Heatcraft that the superheat the than 20F. If to the suction to the the should instructions section. Superheat Superheat the reached or to reaching the the superheat should and necessary. Generally, with TD of 10F should superheat of to efficiency. To properly the of the the following the Heatcraft recommends. the of the suction the the clamped. the that the suction the location of the following the the directly and directly the suction the or directly the suction header of the the reading as Convert the obtained or to using chart. the Saturated from the suction The Superheat. Superheat The of superheat found following the previous that which the the of the suction the the Measure the of of the to the the outlet from the The Superheat. This as as the through the
The of the Heatcraft incorporate the Other The mounted to or mounted the receiver. incorporate Crankcase heaters and wired. head cooling or as directed the high and and wired each Table 3D/4D/6D State 3D-FSM 31AA-1600E 4D/6D Typical C to rating of Table Factors Factors Application AE 3D Performance HT MT LT HT MT LT HT MT LT 4D 6D rating factors when with suction to AE Cooling Restrictions Capacity 3D One Unloading CAPACITY POWER AMPS CAPACITY POWER AMPS and Operations with capacity The of to those normally to Usually, the the the matched. T.I.
Table Switch MFGRS. P45NCA-12 PD21-1006 LG21-2501 type with the rated Table Charges Family 2D 3D 4DA3-100E 4DL3-150E 4DA3-200E 4DT3-220E 4DH3-250E 4DJ3-300E 6D 6DT3-300* 6DJ3-400* 3GS or TD AB 200A Thermal CFC and HCFC 3GS WFI-32- IGI HFC CPI ICI RL68H 2916S EAL SW68 ISO68 HFC 68NA O6D/E History S/N 2084J...) to March S/N 2084J... 1094J) March (Starting S/N 1094J....) Operations October P30-5826 PD21-2502 P45NCB-3 Initial Initial Cut-In POE 22CC EAL CC ICI RL32CF Thermal 22CC Screw Screw The O6D and O6E type. It high flow The internal to to suction O6D to to to to to to O6E to to to to to to
Table Switch OR 60B2101 P529-2130 OR 60B2151 P529-2100 Johnson O6DA660115 P345 Table Performance Suction Application L.T. R-502, 404A, M.T. R-502, 404A, L.T. R-12, 134A M.T. R-22 or H.T. R-22 rating factors when with suction 3-Phase The microprocessor-based and phase constantly the three phase to detected, the phase relay deactivated specified The relay reactivates to specified amount of The to The LED light and On the light continuously red, the phase to reversed. Each should and to phase. the of the field Factor Unloaded Capacity EER Capacity EER and Operations Cut-In Cut-In Factor Unloaded Suction O6D O6E of the three leads the to L1, L2, and L3 to switched. with or Screw which of the to the to switched to match the of the The of Screw and properly phased the to
Sight The sight that and/or when the to replaced. the shortage of or the typically from the or service operations which the to the atmosphere. leads to the formation of which the of the indicating from to or the which the to the the indicating should to within hours of to operation. Sight to from when operating or when the to heat. containing off from other of the If the completely with and to the of the If the both and which Receivers, the to the characteristic of the If builds high enough to the to of released. This reduction of that the released instantly with With the the released and the Operations October Direct Direct once, should replaced. The Direct to of the to reseal tightly and to the and the such
Table Capacity Straight Through Table Capacity Air/Min. Devices the this or the capacity the of the and to the each and the and to the and to the and to PSIG 526E MPT FLARE 527E MPT FLARE MPT FLARE 5231-A MPT FLARE MPT FLARE MPT FLARE MPT FPT MPT FPT MPT FPT MPT FPT of PSIG Soft (OD) and Operations
P100 The P100 Johnson Inc., encapsulated, throw, mount typically or high On the Heatcraft the High There and to the selected actuation the internal snap-acting its and of or closed. the below the the back to its the The snap-acting the the when the Once the the force the them. of the with the the the to The latching the free. The the depressed. The when the to Operations October Switch S-9400 Switch OPTION Not or receivers. Switch Table S-9420 N.C. S-9420 White The S-9400 Switches AC&R C light reflecting from as of detecting the of the of the covers the of the light from the reflects from the of the back to light the to switch. covers the of the the light from the the This of light the which switches the The from the Sight
Disconnect the from the the IRR with IRR P-101 or the the the leads the rating Reassemble the and to insure effective to to of through the to the and of This of to the finally, amount as of of the suction as to the as of This amount of to to the the of the the the the of the and the velocity. from the of the each the of the increased. phase from to and therefore through the that otherwise with Additionally, to the lowering heat and as and the the the and lowering heat IMPORTANT: the drastically reduce the amount of through the Correct suction and of and to the properly. and Operations This type normally and three and The to the of the and the of the to the brought from the to the top of the to the suction with to the the This the suction the of the or to the Mechanical rated from to The of the to mounted the crankcases. These to feed as the and as the to the this the the or to from the There of that the Heatcraft racks. One type the This type the flow chamber which lowers the velocity and then the the the they to the of the The commonly the type. This type type to the The exceptionally the to another them they forced to the outer of the These to the of the and the then
to the the charge of to This charge of the amount that to the This amount of the when operation and the and to the to the to the the bouncing the and causing the to New from the factory Precharged. the type of that the crankcase. the below the amount of to Precharged. Table AC&R Helical S-5180, S-5181 S-5182, S-5190, S-5200 S-5410 S-5500 S-5600 S-1900, S-5700 S-5800 The the type this than and and the to These should to hours of with the this If the becomes dirty, function its performance the of burnout, the the the used, the required. The the function as the There the outlet and the to to the This should to to the higher than the highest suction group. This the and rotating the or as The currently and A7 with of to ADRI Operations October Turn (clockwise) to increase Turn (counterclockwise) to turn. Factory Table 922R, 923R 924R 925R 926R, 927R The AC&R to and sight The this to the include to or the The AC&R the to the to the The while the and the the the locking (S-9130 S-9190 only), and rotating the clockwise to lower, counter clockwise to the the and locking when Each of the the approximately these typically factory below sight operating that should confused with its The operating the of the feeding the and the where the Specifically, the the crankcase If the too that to the If the too high, the 928R 930R
AC&R AC&R S-9010 BOLT S-9010A BOLT S-9015 NPTF F. S-9090 BOLT S-9090A BOLT S-9110 BOLT S-9120 BOLT S-9130 BOLT S-9190 BOLT Troubleshooting The should checked. the and often the to the properly. It sight the know or causing to If the and least the properly. The to and feed ounces of and the builds back If the there to the to the the service the normally of loads: shutdown, hot-gas This however the consistently or high, the should thoroughly. It to the feeding or the suction If the too often this force of the and though there the the to the the to off the feeding to the while the operating and If of the or the cavity semi-hermetic the The sight to the the If the feeding or the sight or and normally appear empty. If the feeding, the sight of and the of the this sight to the To the the the off the to further feeding, the off the the and the from the The should the amount or ounces operation. the amount or below the with the or that there to or If that the or otherwise malfunctioning, the replaced. Sight and Operations the and/or there the around and and or when to or these the and the as Suction as and option other type the of The shipped installation. of Evacuation, and section this Table C-489-(G) C-969-(G) C14411-(G) C-19211-(G) C-4021-(G) C-4025-(G) G plate with FPT RC__ Core, RC__HH Core RCW_ High Water Capacity Table STAS-489-T* STAS-969-T STAS-14411-T STAS-19211-T STAS-19213-T STAS-19217-T T Service D Capacity, H High Capacity UK High Capacity, W Core RC-4864 RC-4864-HH RCW-48 Core D-48 H-48 UK-48 W-48
Suction suction as The pleated the suction of this the they back to the The suction shipped field installation. of Evacuation, and section this Procedure Another of the suction its of burnout. the to the of and other from burnout. The following of burnout. the of the burnout. burnouts where through the to the Normally to the charge the service the and products found the high and With this should to breathing the and to from with the Thoroughly and such as suction strainers and and the suction to the clean. or the suction shell. the shell. If the from the follow the found of this the and the operation. Record the the suction and reference. the suction the becomes the the first hours. as often as required, further the operation hours, the of the If the the and suction Operations October the approximately of operation. If the or the and suction when the clean, free, and to testing or other the suction with suction to suction and to protection. information procedures and the RSES Service section Suction The suction RFE-48-BD. that to inch
Suction On the suction Cartridges Shell 2CFA F25A 3CFA F35A 4CFA F45A 5CFA F55A Table DF Cartridges Shell 2CFA DF25A 3CFA DF35A 4CFA DF45A 5CFA DF55A Suction to the suction and interchangeable Table AF Cartridges Shell Core BTAS-2 A2F BTAS-3 A3F BTAS-4 A4F BTAS-5 A5F IBCA Cartridge OD IBCA Cartridge OD Cartridge OD and Operations Table AFD Cartridges Shell BTAS-2 A2F-D BTAS-3 A3F-D BTAS-4 A4F-D BTAS-5 A5F-D Head with the the supplying to through outlet Further directing the to the top of the to the of and subcooled to the increased and efficiency. Also, the amount of that would otherwise to reduced and used. third of to the and the receiver. Functions to the the from the and the The as the below the back-flooding the and reducing the condensing. and the from to the This the and when this below the the C the to higher from the when the Core Cartridge OD
This than and C and closed. the the the to become lower. this reduced, when the becomes as as its to causing the to back the reducing the and allowing the to the reduced the to below the of B, which to to to the the of B. C the high from to the when the higher than the as would the shutdown with receiver. the builds to the of A, allowing to to the receiver. To this subcooled and to the the and to the and the and the Recommended with furnished with the and factory shown Turning the (clockwise) the turning the (counterclockwise) the and amount of turn. Charge Turn Factory A4A to ARA0 A7A A7A1 A72 to to A9 of the following should to and charge the other and functioning properly. the as as Installation Operations October to to to should when the below 65F. Ideally the should to allow the to below the that the operation. It to temporarily the to the The should using information the with the operating, enough allowed the to the sight to to the Turn the off to allow the to The should to when the reaches the through while the To the of B, allow the to enough to the to the receiver. the the obtained. Flow through the the flow or the The of should least than the of A. (DVB) to downstream or suction the the the closed. the suction below the the and to with type the amount of to the the this the suction the suction to the to farther the of the reached. Turn On to the suction from below the the and Application The ADRS(E)- ADRP(E)-3, and ADRH(E)-6 with and The factory these and respectively. The ADRI(E)-1-1/4 with and the factory To these the the with wrench ADRS(E)-2, ADRP(E)-3, and ADRH(E)-6. The ADRI(E)-1- screw top of the housing. clockwise increases the and counterclockwise the these the
the and to exactly when the located the Therefore, to the suction the Once this accomplished, the the DBV hissing sound and/or accompanying the outlet that the and CPHE and DGRE commonly to the suction from below Complete information about these found ALCO CONTROLS 24-D. The first to the the suction allowable the The following should followed. the and operating properly: the suction and the suction the To that bypassed, to the flow or the outlet If the this would flowing. Stop the of the or turning the assembly C ounteRCloCkwise the the suction lowers to the which If the to flow, Turn the assembly C and suction below the C of the increase the C ounteRCloCkwise from to with to should allowing the to each turn. the to that the suction below the the the The following when mechanical switches incorporated and should field and based 10F TD and Operations R-404A/R-507 F R-22 F Switch RMCC of such as CPCs RMCC operation. On these there mechanical each suction that the This the of board or other This the suction that the expected to to from with the RMCC suction group, this should and suction higher. the that this to actually the the and the suction that the to to or NOTE: This mounted with the connecting to the suction EPR LP C/I EPR LP C/I LP C/O LP C/O
(Service/Maintenance should service technician.) using the sight crankcase heater and appearance of around the Monthly the suction and and tightness. Inspect and mounts cracks, screws or mounting Tighten and of appearance of interior. appearance of boxes. appearance of insulation. operation of Quarterly With operation, operating and operating and Annually required. Clean as and suction The information as to servicing and owners to the operating and recommended service Operations October
SERVICE DIAGNOSIS CHART Symptom Not Unit Short Not Unit Too High High blown Tripped or or too shortage charge high Improperly wired closing grounded High Tight sticking closed or too high or too high Iced or Unit too or overcharge High restriction Head and Operations or switch section or head, and or high head tight bearings, air-cooled and recharge or location of operating manually. relay leads. If leads right, If leads right, of Correct Clean or and charge Clean high and and and charge to Clean or and Defrost or or Clear or increase charge the the Clean or restriction Check
Symptom High Suction Suction or Thermal Protector Switch Operations October suction or inefficiencies suction Head or head of or iced suction or suction malfunctioning too TXV suction crankcase switch Worn the Worn house of back or Blown plate Overcharged and charge Clean or plates corrective suction or head or and charge Defrost or cartridge(s) Clean or and superheat Clean crankcase heater. TXV higher operation. of where the or and and charge superheat Correct that within allowable Clean charge
SERVICE RECORD should each with the and the the If another firm to service and should as necessary. Reference The following information should and the Installed: Started: and Address: Location: Unit Unit Phase: SST: Group: Group: Group: Group: Group: Group: Evacuation: Micron: Suction P: Suction P: Suction P: Superheat H-IM-PCS-1107 Since the right to specifications without The the CLIMATE CONTROL Heatcraft Products LLC GA P: F: www.heatcraftrpd.com