H-IM-68 March H-IM-44 Inspection Warranty and Charge Direct and of Mixing and Water Prevention and Location Typical In-Warranty Procedure........11
Inspection Responsibility should assigned to the to Each should the of The should items the of accounted shortage or should reported to the Warranty This to properly and rated when with industry to the following of the warranty: following industry thoroughly supply to the following NOTE: and to who with and and with this type of Unit Location Units and mounted or (ground mounted should or to the the of or recommended. The enough to the of the mounting should and properly to with footings below the frost recommended. Sound Units should from and or of areas, and to reduce the of sound and to The should enough to the of and from the the building. If the to from the of the isolation should to the of Where through to and around the to and flexibility the Heatcraft Inc. becomes the responsibility, and should to the to uncrating, should to should to the location. than or than other of ratings. Phase to and switch properly connected Factory without written factory CAUTION: Sharp and with them. The cooler should located enough from or other obstruction to clearance ductwork to the or should to that caused sight screening, walls, from building and location The to its location. the this WARNING: There than of this service
Instructions. type should located than the of the from or other obstruction. It or to the should should around and below to restriction to
Table Cooler and Cooler of of The should with National and regulations. overcurrent protection should the motors. shown and switches, which the field. internal protectors. Therefore, instead of thermal protectors, the of furnishing the heating coolers or furnished with phase or three-phase which the leads from each terminate the from these leads through and with and Three-phase connected to three-phase of to with and The The rotation. to that and with services furnished.
Typical Cooler Without of of
Typical Cooler With of of
NOTE: and to only who with and and with this type of CAUTION: and with them. to both the and the Table of and and flashing of the this ground mounting, recommended. Mounting the to to withstand clear- ance flow to and Location mounting to bution through the as as suction the Water with Correct reduce and operating of the the cooler the and to easy to to wear and or completed, should tested. Where city required, follow that Select and The should or sweat should where or tightly Teflon threaded should The fact that or other heat where count. The should reduc- This because would to of the should as to the glycol-to-water Table shows rates commonly with typical cooler. These the from the to the cooler. head. This from the head the and the cooler Allow factor to the and fouling of the insulation when below coolers normally about or higher high the to when the If coolers high should each cooler. It recommended that both of the to of the the should or Shut-off cooled of Water "L" Head Flow O.D. Head Head GPM the to or the Charge The amount of the following: The holding of the which includes the of the the holding capacity of the interconnecting and the holding of the cooler Table of to tection the Table
Table of to to as only. to to protection location. Mixing and Water of the of the MUST the and to to the The reaction the release which WARNING: coolers operating without protection below F. Prevention to formation to or of the following Reaction of the with Reaction of the with chromate type additives. Reaction of the with and other offer specially inhibited which with This heat the following to used. thoroughly cleaned and flushed with heated phosphate wit the water/glycol chromate treatment used. The should service and supply as required. Mechanical type type would and, with reducing to of the and selected friction through the cooler through the heat allowance closed counterhead acts the tion. With the performance to the right from its to The should selected high the as to the The should that the to actly the operating flow and to satisfactory heat and protection the of the The should operating the to and and Properly caused of to the operating they practically the type of to completely and operating
cooler rotation. This the that the freely. The recommended and the The should tested The tested with or however the or below the of recommended. should PSIG. Mounted Cooler To the the and the the the then the from ALL the then ALL and as the of the first hour of operation and hours of operation. Ground Mounted Cooler The cooler lowest the the and to the the off and the hose the the leaving of the and Location The which account when the location of air-cooled the supply of to the and of heated from the cooler Where this to, higher head which operation and of Units located the of or and hose to the hose from the and hose to the hose to the the the FULL PRESSURE. the hose should the hose that flow of or This head of which force the from the Once the steady flow of only At this should off the hose and the off Flow Procedure: Once the completely of the To flow, the shut-off GPM and or using flow Instruction Envelope: instructions, of within easy reach of the cooler. Another which that the should mounted from and to and the Units should mounted areas, and other where high of sound factor. Sound and should retained
or Obstructions The should located that freely and flow and of the should of W from or obstruction. It that this increased whenever should to that Units the the width of the If to the Units The top of the should with the top of the If the top of the with the top of and increased to 2W. charge or to to the top of the This Decorative free with foot If these W clearance, and the top of as indicated Units W of the cooler. through and Overhead the where three the as indicated
Typical In-Warranty Procedure of authorized factory service of Heatcraft Inc. Products to included with the the information the to and of credits. to the factory the charges The of Therefore, purchase through Heatcraft Products representative. The should include and of the involved. Following inspection of the and that the to or workmanship, credit issued customer's purchase
writing to the factory service or to the and of the as the plate attached to the If Motor, HP, RPM Guard, Customer Service to Heatcraft, the right to specifications without Heatcraft Products GA www.heatcraftrpd.com required, the of of the and of with of the malfunctions and of the required.