H-IM-RACC H-IM-73A and H-IM-43B Table of Inspection and Units Unit Location and Location or Obstructions Units Units Decorative Sound and Assembly Typical Installation, and Operations Remote Air-Cooled Head Operation and Flooded Head Cleaning Instructions Warranty In-Warranty Procedure
Inspection Shipment should the of to that items received. should inspected to incurred shortage and/or should immediately reported to the followed shortages and/or uncrating, should to should its to the location. and Moving Units The of and the of location and other It the of the and to the of each shipped heavy and crating. Generally, to the as to its location as crating. Units with ears the four corners. should the headers or these NOTE FOR ALL MODELS: (contractor-supplied) should when Heatcraft Products LLC and Operations Mounting NOTE: and to who with and and with this type of CAUTION: Sharp and with them WARNING: This that health and the the atmosphere of to the atmosphere location recovery should when or servicing this location WARNING: and recovered to follow this or death Unit Location Units and mounted or (ground-level installation). mounting should and properly to with footings below the frost recommended. Roof-mounted should or to the the of or recommended. The enough to the of the
Remote Air-Cooled The should located than four from or other obstruction to clearance ductwork to the or should to that caused sight screening, walls, from building and Location The aspect selecting location air-cooled supply of to the and the of heated from the If the to, higher head creating and of Units located the of or or Obstructions The should located that freely and recirculated. flow and access, of the should of the of the from or obstruction. It this increased whenever should to that through and Overhead obstructions the where three the as indicated Units The top of the should with the top of the and increased to the of the If the top of the with the top of or to to the top of the This Air-Cooled and Operations Units the the of the If to the four Decorative free with one-foot clearance to the of the and the height of the If these as indicated Sound and Units should from to reduce the of sound and to Units should mounted areas, and other where high of sound factor. Sound and should retained The should enough to the of and from the the building. If the to from the of the building, isolation should to the of Where through to and around the to and flexibility the The to its location. the this *W of the
should located than the of the from or other obstruction. If or to the should should around and below to restriction to Assembly assembly the item three this assembly. item the each with and the four mounting item Assembly assembly and Operations to item removing four as shown with four mounting (item as shown with four provided. hoisted attaching should with the facing the winds. Where recommended that supplied) to the vertically from the to capacity wind The should the of the If with the facing of least inches should and If to the the should than three the height from the Assembly assembly four mounting item to the and mounting the item and four item
Air-Cooled Assembly assembly to item and to of (item A) to mounting base. Item the and the Typical typical with located higher when the and the and or this the of the If properly the velocity might too reduced to through the and Reducing the would increase the velocity sufficiently reduced however, when operating the would greatly and Air-Cooled and Operations This of following The properly the and the of the the from the as shown should to the and should that both velocity to the to the information, please to the ASHRAE NOTES: to as as Common to the three recommended the to the recommended where the than the and and selections. to The following should to: Soft through while or to the atmosphere than necessary.
Tons of OD) Source: ASHRAE based to 1F based 105F the factors other If or the used. Applications with or Table Correction Factor R-404A/ R- R-410A R-507 Tons of OD) Tables and and R- R-404A/R-507 R-410A Suction (F) Suction (F) Suction (F) Velocity FPM R-404A/ R- R-410A R-507 and Operations The should with National and overcurrent protection should the motors. shown basic and switches, which the field. internal protectors. instead of thermal protectors, the of furnishing the heating air-cooled furnished with phase or three-phase motors, the Three-phase connected to three-phase to with and The rotation. to that and with services furnished. The wired Where furnished and factory the completely wired through the and to the leads from each terminate the from these leads through and with and
Remote Air-Cooled Typical Typical with 208-230V/1phase/60Hz FCC M3 Typical with 208-230V/3 phase/60Hz 460V/3 phase/60Hz CONTROL CIRCUIT* T2 T1 GND TERMINAL BOARD CONTACTOR COILS C1 FCC C2 COM NC FCC C3 COM NC THERMOSTATS OR PRESSURE CONTROLS Remote Air-Cooled and Operations TERMINAL BOARD FAN MOTORS FCC M1 M2 TERMINAL BOARD CONTACTORS C2 C3 FAN MOTORS M2 M3 Typical T2 T1 Typical 208-230V/3 phase/60Hz 460V/3 phase/60Hz M3 M1 M2 T3 T2 T1 CONTROL CIRCUIT: or (as specified) WARNING: There than of this service C1 M1 TERMINAL BOARD FAN MOTORS M1 M2 M3 TERMINAL BOARD FAN MOTORS T2 T1 T3 T2 T1
rotation. through the the freely. Rotation of the and should clockwise the from the On three-phase to of the three leads to the NOTE: The assembly to to the to or covered warranty Head The of air-cooled with the the and the of the as as from to to the sufficiently high to operation of the operation, and allow capacity that high high The of the head the the thermostatic applications, head should to 90F. This to of about 60F normally these head necessary. those below 60F of head to and preference: and Flooded Head (FHP) This winter and within reasonable to the other than to the field protection this and The consists of weather-tight with as required, and thermostat(s). The or as The thermostats and wired as shown and and Operations Factory-installed mounted the and completed. consists of connecting this to supply and fused together with the to the those shown Table The thermostat should field to off the when the reduced to approximately 90F. Where operation below the shown required, FHP Table Table T.D.s. These as they account Thermostat Thermostat T.D. (F) NOTE: to the headers should or Dramatic and the headers as of action operation should to of and off Short of of and/or head the flow through the the RPM of the This offered with The to the header of the the The T.D. 30F 5F 0F 15F T1 T
Air-Cooled of the and thermostats. Flooded Head (FHP) The FHP of head completely that without of seasonal The head the of the the effective and therefore head Several of or of the Operation: operation, the allows to flow through C and to the receiver. *If located this location to from the the off the with the to allow high to through the and the to flow to the This action the the of the reducing and the of the the to to The this type of and enough to the charge. If the enough, the the causing high head Remote Air-Cooled and Operations The charge often about the charge weather operation. The amount of that to winter or weather and when FHP. If the location, should the the FHP and the receiver. the and inverted the Air-cooled The cleaning and this accomplished cleaner, irstream or cleaning of the sealed The only service to these Cleaning Instructions Heatcraft recommends that the of this cleaned every months; cleaning or fouling of through the Corporations CalClean (or should cleaning this CalClean should liberally to and of the with the CAUTION: should this cleaned with
Table FHP Charge Factor; TD and F +60F +40F +0F 0F -0F Table Charge, R-22 WSS DVT FCB +50F +40F +0F 0F -0F R-404A, charge R-410A, charge T.D.s, factors Table Additional R-22 Charge FHP and Combination T.D. F T.D. F T.D. F F WSS DVT FCB SST R-404A, charge R-410A, charge T.D.s, charge factors Additional Charge Factor T.D. F T.D. F Additional R- Charge FHP T.D. F R- Charge F SST F SST and Operations F SST F SST F SST F SST F SST F SST F SST F SST F SST
Remote Air-Cooled Warranty This to properly and rated capacity when with industry to the following of the warranty: following industry thoroughly leak-checked and High of reading indicating and switch properly connected Factory-installed without written factory supply to the the following than or than than or than other of ratings. Phase to Air-Cooled and Operations In-Warranty Procedure of authorized factory service of Heatcraft Products LLC USA. to included with the the information as the to and of credits. to the factory the charges The of Therefore, purchase through Heatcraft Products The should include and of the
Specifications Specifications WSS DVT FCB HP FLA HP FLA RPM RPM NOTE: CFM and Operations Unit from (ODS)
Remote Air-Cooled with Flow with Flow located header of optional FAN CYCLING and which three phase located header Remote Air-Cooled and Operations Optional
writing to the factory service or to the and of the as the plate attached to the If required, the of of and of with of the malfunctions and of the required. Table WSS DVT FCB Quantity and Operations
Remote Air-Cooled Please this information with the Remote Air-Cooled and Operations
H-IM-RACC-0807 the right to specifications without The the CLIMATE CONTROL Heatcraft Products LLC GA P: F: www.heatcraftrpd.com