Instructions 2LBL5, 2LBL6 Please and these instructions. to or the Protect and others information. to and/or property these instructions reference. NOTE: with the National through or another there as to the of the Mercury. According to or WARNING: Turn off the or Select location with structurally sound and from to from the ground. The should least inch thick to the the cover using screws. the mounting as the mounting location the and four mounting the screws. the top screws through their the mounting and them while the these screws. these screws the top the other screws, and then four screws. the the mounting using the the cover the wires to the supply wires. to white to white and the to the supply ground the wires pinched, and the the tightly the the through the the top the and the the mounting You to the to seat the the with the screw through the cover plate and the mounting rating match the rating of the 2LBL5: high type S55 2LBL6: type M90/O rated the and to the and the the with the the housing. the these and the closed to the and the screw the of the the that the arrow north. There to the from turning the around. HEA Printed 2LBL5: High Security Light 2LBL6: Security Light If turning the turning the other the screw the of the the and clockwise mounting with weather To operation daylight, cover the with Turn the Not of others as as applied. The light to to reach brightness. Uncover the and automaticallyon off Housing Screw Mounting Bracket Plate LPG-9272, LPG-9274
2LBL5, 2LBL6 o Ud. NOTA: o ADVERTENCIA: o artefacto. tornillos tornillos tornillo artefacto. 2LBL5: S55. 2LBL6: M90/O. Enganche HEA 2LBL5: 2LBL6: tornillo tope Ud. tornillo horario tope. LPG-9272, LPG-9274
2LBL5, 2LBL6 conserver protection NOTE AVERTISSEMENT Nous trous tire-fond. tire-fond. tire-fond, tous 2LBL5 type S55. 2LBL6 type M90/O protection HEA Chine 2LBL5 2LBL6 tourner tourner Tire-fond LPG-9272, LPG-9274
LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY: Should this to to or workmanship, to the of purchase and it replaced, free of charge. or from this warranty. Light covered. GARANTA LIMITADA PERMANENTE: o o GARANTIE VIE LIMITE fabrication, International, Inc. IL International, Inc. IL International, Inc. IL