and instructions Automatically when motion detected. Automatically light off. the light off hours. The Light AC. If to the wired through switch. Please the to from and items assembling this light This includes the following items: (Includes: Top Universal mounting Mounting installation, the the of warranty Light with asseMBLy assembly. the arrow the of with the arrow the below). Gently the together and the as shown below. Motion-activated
instaLLatiOn performance, mount the about the ground. mounting screws tight. to Decorative Bracket Mounting Screw the assembly the process. Mounting Screw Junction Warning: off or with the through or another there as to the of the DO the to other lights from the motion Optional Black or White the wires to the wires the the wires together and with nectors. Black or White One Motion Light Motion Lights
Black to White to white grounding ground and together with the and the ground wire. with the other of the with the GND screw the If the If about the building
This with rated Since the only rated of lighting this what rated the rating the the the which the which the Once selected the to and their ratings, these ratings instance, rated and respectively, of Watts. to light the motion and to the lights wire. white wires A). to another motion light the both light the of the to the and wires of the white together. A). motion light the both motion lights the both light the of to the of the installations, as existing house wire) to the house to the as white wires together and wires together. A). Black or White Black or White Black or White
asseMBLy the wires the of the wires pinched. the assembly the mounting screws. of section securely base. Decorative light top and using the (included). only. completing the around with weather Decorative Assembly Around Mounting Screw Junction Top Cover Light testing Turn the and light switch. motion. first turned ON-TIME switch to TEST SENSITIVITY to through the where when the lights turn TEST light seconds motion and then off. the SENSITIVITY to increase or the as Too to heat the coverage of or Troubleshooting section). the amount of ON-TIME the light to motion or (Top SEN TEST MINUTE
The to motion directly and to motion coverage Motion Motion Least OperatiOn Works: Night Seconds or To to first turned about the to only daylight the to AUTO. the light switch off then back to AUTO and MANUAL MODE. with the ON-TIME switch the or OFF then back sWitching suMMary ON-TIME Switch or TEST AUTO MANUAL MODE If confused while switching the off then back the the the AUTO OF The this light motion the of heat the coverage following of that heat and the to of Water Conditioners Heating If that heat of this type the reduce the to with surrounding to A, Capacity A) VAC, .............TEST, AUTO, and MANU- AL MODE Seconds light switch off then back
Lights Light switch turned off. or blown or turned off. Daylight turn-off Incorrect this Lights Light relatively light. location. Light TEST. Lights Light or reason. traffic. too high. Lights The heat ously. or brightly painted, heat-reflective Light too high. Lights and off. Light the TEST and Heat reflected from other affecting the If follow this service this Turn light switch and or correct. The operating normally these tions. switch to or Switch to Flashing these
instructions tout tous asseMBLage rotation Socle Socle
instaLLatiOn
cochon cochon (GND) bote cochon
W. W, commander respective, charge Watts. rouge tous A). rouge rouge rouge tous A). rouge rouge rouge tous tous A). Rouge Rouge Rouge
asseMBLage section W). fournis. ON TIME TEST SENSITIVITY sallume. TEST, SENSIBILIT (SENSITIVITY) sections (ON TIME) SEN TEST MINUTE
fonction: AUTO. hors AUTO MANUEL. ON-TIME hors TEST AUTO PRIORIT MANUELLE AUTO. Circulation type ON-TIME hors
Charge type A, A) hors fonction installation. affecter .........ESSAI, AUTO MANUEL MANUEL coucher