Light with Motion-activated and instructions Automatically when motion tected. Automatically light off. the light off daylight hours. This includes: Mounting screws and Coach Light The Light AC. If to the wired through switch. Please the installation, the the of warranty Assembly off or performance, mount the about the ground. mounting mounting screws tight. mounting to Screw Path Bracket Mounting Mounting Screw Plate the assembly the process. Junction Only: Screw ground screw and screws from the mounting plate ground screw. the screws the the screws located as shown inStaLLatiOn Decorative Mounting Screw Path Junction Screws Mounting Plate Junction Ground Screw Screw
off or with the through or another fied there as to the of the DO the to other lights from the motion Optional Black or White Black to White to white One Motion Light Black or White the wires to the wires the tion the wires together and with recommended Grounding ground provided) and together with the and the ground wire. with the other of the with the GND screw the mounting If the If about the grounding building Motion Lights
OPtiOnaL This with rated Watts. Since the rated of lighting this what rated the rating the the the which the which the Once selected the to and their ratings, these instance, rated and respectively, of to light the motion and to the lights wire. white wires together. A). to another motion light the both light the of the to the and wires of the white wires together. A). motion light the both motion lights the both light the of to the of the installations, as house to the house to the as white wires together and wires together. A). Black or White Black or White Black or White
the wires the the wires from the through the path, and pinched. the assembly the mounting screws. of section securely base. Decorative light If top cover and the (included). only. completing the around with weather If the optional assembly, the the of the Mounting Screw Junction Optional assembly If the as shown below. Screw of Screw and top (with the with Decorative teStinG Turn the and light switch. motion. first turned ON-TIME switch to TEST SENSITIVITY to teSt MIN ON-TIME (top) LO SENSITIVITY
through the coverage where when the lights TEST light seconds motion and then off. the head or right to the coverage the as shown and the other the force the the SENSITIVITY to increase or the as Too to heat the coverage of or Troubleshooting section). the amount of ON-TIME the light to motion or (Top The to motion directly and to motion Motion Least Works: Night Seconds or To to first turned about the to daylight the to AUTO. the light switch off then back to AUTO and MANUAL MODE. with the ON-TIME switch the or Motion OFF then back
SuMMary ON-TIME Switch or TEST AUTO MANUAL MODE If confused while switching the off then back the the the AUTO to with surrounding to to A, Capacity to A) VAC, TEST, AUTO, and MANUAL MODE Seconds light switch off then back OF The this light motion the of heat the coverage following of that heat and the to of Water Conditioners Heating If that heat of this type the reduce the SPeCiFiCatiOnS
SOLutiOn Lights Light switch turned off. or blown or turned off. Daylight turn-off Incorrect this Lights Light relatively daylight. Lights reason. Lights The heat continuously. or brightly painted, heat-reflective Lights Light the TEST and and off. trOuBLeSHOOtinG If follow this location. Light TEST. Light or traffic. too high. Heat reflected from other fecting the Service this Product Turn light switch and or correct. the to cover The operating normally these tions. switch to or Flashing these
instructions inStaLLatiOn tion.
commander cochon cochon (GND) cochon
W. W, commander Watts, charge rouge tous A). rouge rouge rouge tous A). rouge rouge rouge tous tous A). Rouge Rouge Rouge
section W). fournis. ON TIME TEST SENSITIVITY teSt MIN ON-TIME LO SENSITIVITY
sallume. TEST, tout toute forcer SENSIBILIT (SENSITIVITY) sections (ON TIME) tection fonction: AUTO. hors AUTO MANUEL. ON-TIME hors
TEST AUTO PRIORIT MANUELLE AUTO. Charge Watt type A, A) ESSAI, AUTO MANUEL MANUEL...... coucher ON- TIME hors Circulation type
SOLutiOn hors affecter fonction installation.