CONSTITUTION EPA CERTIFIED WOODBURNING FIREPLACE C40 If the information these instructions followed exactly, fi causing property or death or or other and the of this or other If heater or warranty. Comply with clearances to as to comply house and service of this should Hearth recommends NFI professionals, or technicians NFI professional. www.heatilator.com Heatilator EPA 480-1091D CAUTION DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL operating and instructions included. WARNING Read, and follow these instructions and operation. and burns. DO NOT or cooled NEVER allow to touch or children CAREFULLY SUPERVISE children as fi children and to of high High clothing or other clothing, and other and O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. this with and operation. WARNING HOT SURFACES! Screen/mesh, and other operation AND cool WARNING with only. Other and DO NOT DISCARD
Congratulations selecting Heatilator burning fireplace. The Heatilator fireplace selected to the reliability, and efficiency. the of fireplace, to and follow of the instructions this to and Homeowner Reference Information that the following information about purchased/installed: Location Dealership purchased from: Notes: The information Information/Location found the rating usually located the of the O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. Inc. #061-S-40-2 TESTED TO UL ULC-S610-M87 LISTED FIREPLACE, SOLID FUEL TYPE, ALSO SUITABLE FOR MANUFACTURED HOME INSTALLATION. (UM) HUD. with Only." and with installation, and operating instructions. incorporating or with the instructions. Building Authority Jurisdiction About Restrictions, Inspection WARNING combustion and while The of the and The fireplace to properly grounded to the of the installation: HTI Termination Hearth and accessory CAK4A. this to another DANGER: of shock. servicing. VAC AMPS or fire. fire directly firebrick. If heater or fireplace or other products specified with this WARNING THIS FIREPLACE HAS NOT BEEN TESTED WITH AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET. TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR INJURY, DO NOT INSTALL AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET INTO FIREPLACE. of to from combustion which of high of with from Optional Screen ONLY USA by: EPA 480-1091D this or operating this Please this owners Congratulations of Hearth Inc. W. IA www.heatilator.com SAMPLE U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Certified to comply with July Apr July Sept Oct. www.heatilator.com U.S.A DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL This should retained reference. that with other and Heatilator burning fireplace years of and trouble-free to the Heatilator family of fireplace products! C ONSTITUTION PA C ERTIFIED IREPLACE Clearances To Combustible Chimney sections clearance the and section. WITHIN ENCLOSURE AREA Appliance to Appliance to Duct to Top standoffs to header EXPOSED SURFACES to Remote outlet to MANTEL from of fireplace FLOOR PROTECTION Combustible front of and to of the insulated with protection with thickness of and The hearth to the instructions.
ONSTITUTION C IREPLACE ERTIFIED C PA Clearances To Combustible Chimney sections clearance the and section. WITHIN ENCLOSURE AREA Appliance to Appliance to Duct to Top standoffs to header EXPOSED SURFACES to to MANTEL from of fireplace FLOOR PROTECTION Combustible front of and to of the insulated with protection with thickness of and The hearth to the instructions. of Hearth Inc. W. IA www.heatilator.com SAMPLE U.S. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Certified to comply with July Apr July Oct. www.heatilator.com U.S.A DO NOT REMOVE THIS LABEL O-T Tested and USA C US Inc. Inc. #061-S-40-2 TESTED TO UL ULC-S610-M87 LISTED FIREPLACE, SOLID FUEL TYPE, ALSO SUITABLE FOR MANUFACTURED Only." with HOME INSTALLATION. (UM) HUD. and with installation, and operating instructions. incorporating or with the instructions. Building Authority Jurisdiction About Restrictions, Inspection combustion WARNING and while The of the and maintained. The to properly grounded to the of the installation: HTI Termination Hearth and accessory Chimney CAK4A. this to another of shock. supply servicing. DANGER: VAC AMPS or fire. fire directly firebrick. If heater or or other products specified with this THIS FIREPLACE HAS NOT BEEN TESTED WITH AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET. WARNING TO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR INJURY, DO NOT INSTALL AN UNVENTED GAS LOG SET OR ANY LOG SET INTO FIREPLACE. of to from combustion which of high of with from USA Optional ONLY by: DANGER! Indicates which, death or serious WARNING! Indicates which, death or serious injury. CAUTION! Indicates which, or NOTICE: Indicates which to the fireplace or to property. Congratulations! Warranty and A. Appliance B. C. BTU Efficiency Specifications. D. Non-Combustible E. Combustible F. G. Specifications Instructions A. B. Information C. and D. E. F. G. Clear Near the H. I. J. K. Appliance L. Chimney M. Starting N. O. Combustion (ACC) P. Q. R. Rates S. Opacity Troubleshooting A. B. C. and and Servicing the A. (Chimney) Cleaning of Ashes Cleaning and Cleaning of Plated and B. and Assembly Started A. Typical B. and Considerations C. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Table D. Negative E. Locating Chimney. F. and G. H. Inspect and Clearances A. Selecting Locations B. Clearances of A. the B. the C. Protective Hearth Strips Assembly A. Chimney B. Chimney Termination C. D. the Sections E. CAK4A and F. Firestops G. Insulation H. the Chimney I. Double-check the Chimney Assembly J. K. Complete L. Flashing M. Termination N. SL-300 Thimble Chase A. the Chase B. Chimney C. Chase Top D. Termination Finishing A. Non-Combustible B. Combustible C. Hearth D. the Hearth E. Finishing F. G. Non-Combustible Facing A. Heat (Optional) B. Firescreen Reference A. B. Chimney C. Service D. Information
Hearth Inc., of its hearth (HHT), the following warranty HHT and hearth that purchased from HHT authorized WARRANTY COVERAGE: HHT warrants to the of the HHT the of installation, and to ownership of the the of within years following the of purchase, that the HHT from and workmanship the of installation, covered HHT found to or workmanship the warranty HHT its option, or the covered HHT, its of its obligations such the or the purchase of the The amount recoverable this warranty to the purchase of the This warranty to and as below. WARRANTY PERIOD: Warranty coverage the of purchase. the of warranty the of first of the or months the of the authorized HHT whichever The warranty than months following the of from HHT, of the or The warranty and covered the following The the below years from the of warranty coverage and years from the of warranty coverage and These the expected of the operating Warranty HHT Appliances and EPA years years years and years years year and refractory years and heat 4021-645C of Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Hearth Inc. LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY Igniters, Factory-installed refractory and warranty and and as covered Conditions, and and HHT and termination
WARRANTY CONDITIONS: This warranty covers HHT that purchased through HHT authorized or of HHT authorized the HHT This warranty while the HHT the of installation. warranty service. If the to the HHT authorized or Additional service apply warranty service from other than the from whom originally purchased the with to when warranty and charges covered this warranty. WARRANTY EXCLUSIONS: This warranty cover the following: finishes as of heating of and finishes This and covered warranty. to printed, plated, or caused fingerprints, scratches, items, or other and the plated from the of cleaners or polishes. or of that to wear and tear the warranty These and firebricks, light and the ation of Minor or of causing These and related to this covered this warranty. from: to or the with the instructions, operating instructions, and furnished with the to the with building or tion, operation with or or improperly/ incorrectly repairs; or caused tightly sealed supply, or such as or forced or other such of other than those specified the operating instructions; or of with the or other authorized and HHT; of the authorized and HHT writing; and/or interruptions or of supply to the Non-HHT hearth or other with the of fireplace which or HHTs this warranty to the to heat the Informa- tion to the and the selecting the the ation to location and insulation and of the This warranty The or operated atmospheres or other chemicals. by, to, warped plates or cracking and of or finishes. The subjected to prolonged of or There to the or other to or weather which the of, to, or installation. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY: The owners and HHTs this warranty, other warranty, or implied, or tort or otherwise, to or as specified HHT or caused the allow or of or these apply to This warranty rights; other rights, which from to EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, HHT MAKES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OTHER THAN THE WARRANTY SPECIFIED HEREIN. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO DURATION OF THE EXPRESSED WARRANTY SPECIFIED ABOVE. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D 4021-645C of
and A. Appliance This fireplace tested and with UL127 and ULC-S610-M87 and (UM) 84-HUD and OMNI Laboratory Inc., and the United States and as this This tested and with the SL- (with the CAK4A and Section with building agency to with including the and follow-up inspections. building UL tions and building that protection unexpectedly Heatilator of Hearth Inc. EPA Certified Woodburning Laboratory: OMNI Inc. 061-S-50-2 UL127 and ULC-S610-M87 and (UM) 84-HUD, Approved. WARNING! of of fireplace or to overheat. B. This when and when THE STRUC- TURAL INTEGRITY OF THE MANUFACTURED HOME FLOOR, CEILING, AND WALLS MUST BE MAINTAINED. The fireplace properly grounded to the of the termination with home. If to from the beneath the and to from from the Heatilator EPA 480-1091D combustion and clear of and/or It while to which and to fire. off The fireplace to to the that attached the fireplace to the to to the or Unit grounded with grounding or and terminated each with N.E.C. grounding to Clearances to and protections precisely. to effective the location where the or other to the of the If burns poorly while increase combustion NOTICE: Top sections of to allow clearance of from ground WARNING! of or Asphyxiation! DO NOT IN intergrity of and /or that would the integrity. NOT through: or Warning! of with only. Other and
F. C. BTU Efficiency Specifications EPA Certified: hour Efficiency: to BTU with EPA with inches Length: inches Cord NOTICE: This tested and as fireplace. It should factored as heat heating D. Non-Combustible which and burn, of of the following: Iron Brick reported as ASTM Behavior of C E. Combustible of or with of the following Compressed that and burn; or or Heatilator EPA 480-1091D NOTICE: This wired and grounded with or, the of with National ANSI/ NFPA or the CSA C22.1. VAC this protected with ground-fault protection, with the when locations. the with G. Specifications This with with Please NOTICE: This with the of with the UL127, (UM) 84-HUD and NFPA211 the U.S.A. and the ULC 610-M87 and CAN/CSA-B365 WARNING! of Hearth responsibility and the warranty and agency the following DO NOT: or fireplace fireplace other than as instructed Hearth the fireplace without assembling Hearth or or installation, service or or property or information, service agency or
Instructions If that children with this fi such as A. WARNING! DO NOT fi reading and operating instructions. to fi to operating instructions fi or ALL should and with and with the National NFPA/NEC the United States), or with the CSC22.1 Heatilator EPA 480-1091D HOT SURFACES! and other operation AND cool burns. DO NOT cooled NEVER allow to CAREFULLY SUPERVISE children as fi and to of high High clothing or other clothing, and other WARNING
B. Information as as other years. It that caused tion and operation of the fireplace. that and of the fireplace with these instructions. It that the fire when- the fireplace It recommended that inspection the to the to cleaned, or as the of repairs to the top operating WARNING! of and other and clear of the fireplace. DO NOT: to the fireplace charcoal or to or freshen fire this C. and and or Firebox to covered warranty. the burning with the the only. Not Reduced efficiency Overheating the Overheating the of the firebox performance CORRECT POSITION Protection and MUST with the back of the firebox and with each other the front. Protection MUST Heatilator EPA 480-1091D of INCORRECT POSITIONS and NOT with the back of the firebox. bunched the back of the firebox and NOT with the the front. D. The firebox of fireplace with high firebrick, which Not fire the firebox the without as shown Section NOT with the back of the firebox and NOT with the the front. of Firebox
E. Softwood fireplaces performance the of the firewood Contrary to of to the other of seasoned of about pound. The factor that greater than softwoods. Therefore, of about than of softwood. Since firewood commonly the of seasoned would about than of seasoned (softwood). There of and softwood. Although every of the to classify them as coniferous or Softwoods coniferous. These with that and their of softwood fir, and Softwoods, to and to than that their the Their found within protective or this of and should noted that there that such as aspen and to season, and usually to than softwoods. Obviously, the type of that readily the to of softwood and This the softwood the fire off heat to the to Then the heat and burn Soft Apple WARNING! of DO NOT burn or unseasoned of Heatilator EPA 480-1091D of which of burn, the factor that affects the operates the amount of the The of the fireplace owners caused trying to burn unseasoned Freshly as as of around that about pounds. with of the firebox and to burn This sounds that exactly what unseasoned the should and seasoning to about two-thirds seasoned, the of the The with burning unseasoned heat from the of heat to the trapped This wasted that should heating home. Secondly, this rates the of which cooling firebox and combined with and other from burning which the relatively cool firebox and the section of this infor- mation formation and least and should enough to the as as to the about To enough to burn, the of the If there cracks from the If the fire, though the cured. Seasoning Seasoned firewood nothing than that to and to of around The to season from around months to as as months The to seasoning to the and increasing the of each tree that year and to as high as when
Seasoned to to or to of around Soft about months about months NOTICE: Seasoning reduces The following properly seasoned the to allow to freely around and through the the off the ground to allow tion The the the the process. should should that both of each to through the than the This with that cover, such as shed, or covered with plastic, of as from or the seasoning process. covering the and completely. Doing from the ground and WARNING! DO NOT front of the or Heatilator EPA 480-1091D F. of combustion to Whatever the fire through cracks around houses or existing ted with tightly sealed and relatively tight. this to combustion from the home. The with to feed combustion from the with termination The supplied. to the of within the It recommended to the shortest to the performance of the The thimble should the ground and clear of and/or If that this when the height ground It while to which and to fire. off This correctly tion to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the caused to tight of the or which within the where the fireplace located. allows of the This closed only when the fireplace to of combustion to heated within the and to to the fireplace properly. location and operation. lighting fire.
G. Clear Near the Combustible the hearth furnishings such as or other least from the front of the fireplace. H. This fireplace tested and with as specified Section WARNING! of and with should operated only with or closed. If partly and of the WARNING! of DO NOT and or Hearth Inc. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D OPEN CLOSE operating I. operating instructions with Switch NOTICE The with that the and off the of the fireplace. If the the the switch to and the as below. Initial (cold) off fire- and established, High The throughout the burn. or High The should off established, then turned or high The to cool off the fire- off the established; then, wish, the The switch and the wired of and mount with the
J. To reasonable fire the following should serious least each of to They should located from the heating and to the areas. Follow the and instructions, and to regularly. located Class fire extinguisher to with fires from burning consisting of least to with fire as follows: the of fire: fire the While fire of from overheated or from the K. Appliance WARNING or the and To DO NOT: with or amounts of too to the fire. Symptoms of Symptoms of include or of the following: Chimney or rumbling cracking or sounds Chimney fire Heatilator EPA 480-1091D What To Immediately the and to reduce supply to the fire. If fire, the fire and house. professional and and inspected the professional to Hearth WILL NOT warranty that of of includes, Warped refractory and other L. the of fire: the and inspected professionals. Hearth that NFI or CSIA professionals, or technicians the of professionals, of NFPA inspection of the of the and fireplace as specified the professionals. properly and the properly secured. fire permanently to and repairs of fire.
M. Starting lighting first fire the that the and the correctly positioned. It should resting the to and cleaning of plated Section light- first fire. NOTICE- The first three or four fires should of to allow the and to from the and the refractory and to You the first fires. This NOTICE: ALL LABELS FROM BEFORE THE FIRST FIRE IN YOUR APPLIANCE. There to fire. The to light easily-ignitable or which the burning which the slow-burning firewood. that turning the counter clockwise. the Combustion completely to the right. of crushed the firebox Heating the with slightly newspaper to of top of the that matches or other the of the the and the Light the the NEVER light or with or charcoal the Once the burning or to smother the fire. the of enough to each other enough from each other to allow them. the Combustion the the the and the fire burn. The the right) the heat and the the burn. as there repeating and fire throughout the season. NOTICE: The high that fire- finished with as fireplace heats. You and from the fireplace this that the and cured. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D NOTICE: should of heating season to clean. WARNING! of and other and clear of the fireplace. DO NOT: to the fireplace charcoal or to or freshen fire this from the fireplace while Combustible WARNING! with only. Other and N. things to burn: and heat. If heat from the the the of reduced the clean burn. this reason, to burn seasoned fire- burning unseasoned however the Combustion and the fireplace high burn to or The first of burning the this the heated to highenough to the which The reach the of (212F) and the This heat from and to cool the fireplace. The of the secondary the when the off which the with bright this of burning that the and allowed to This the fire. If fireplace should the to the where If the to the fireplace too burning
The of burning the charcoal This when the and charcoal This of the burn. The with It to while enough lively to the amount of heat to and the of It to the while This the coalbed. that or fireplace through You should and the that the from other burning which or O. Combustion (ACC) IMPORTANT! the Combustion to the RIGHT, about three-fourths of the You that to the Combustion (ACC) With the Combustion that this fireplace, the fireplace to high the Combus- tion the to the right), the fire, and then the Combustion to the burn The to that once the fire established. This allows interaction with the fire the homeowner and of while the heat the fireplace of and to the ACC when the Combustion the to the right, the ACC activated. ACC OVERRIDE The located to the of the Combustion the ACC OVERRIDE and to the of the Combustion If the ACC activated and to slowed, the to the LEFT and Combustion the To the supply fire or to the immediately, the to the LEFT and the Combustion the to the Heatilator EPA 480-1091D NOTICE If bright, the ACC required. Dry, seasoned NOTICE To establish with the the to the to STOP and then to the right Left-Close Right-Open the ACC Notice THE DECORATIVE FAsCIA BE ON YOUR FIREplACE IN ORDER TO THE AUTO- COmBUsTION CONTROl ACC LEFT to Stop Stop to Stop to the to RIGHT
P. If the to the This the and the back to the Left-Close Q. operating efficiency with the lowest follow these operating procedures: of heat when the fireplace, burn fireplace with the Combustion to the right) of to burn (heat the bustion Heat Follow the instructions below. BTU Heat Rate High High *These and with type of or Heatilator EPA 480-1091D *Combustion LEFT to Stop to Stop to the to RIGHT R. Rates HIGH Heat: (Combustin the to the right). It to this when the fireplace. to this MEDIUM HIGH BURN RATE to BTU: burning high to the Combustion to the to to and then to right the MEDIUM BTU: burning high to or Combustion to the to to and then to right the LOW BTU: burn- high to or the Combustion to the to the fireplace. It to fireplace the first hours of burn to S. Opacity his the of cleanly Opacity measured when the from and opacity that become with should the opacity. This allow to know to burn fireplace as nearly as of opacity).
Troubleshooting This correctly tion to allow to the fireplace Hearth the performance of the caused to tight of the or which within the where the fireplace located. A. If from fireplace when the and the height, and the there the the or to from the the house. and the which each of these of to their improperly connected or the reduce through the rather than through the fireplace). The might and fires that might other this B. This fireplace correctly tion to allow to the fireplace Hearth responsibility the performance of the fireplace caused to tight of the or mechanical which within the where the located. measured as the The amount of the The because the bustion the fireplace and the of the There three establishing and of combustion Heat from the fire. and height of the These three factors together as to the Increasing or of them the other and the amount of the Heatilator EPA 480-1091D If the fire to and of the fireplace, or to establish and high then the too and corrective combustion and that firewood and seasoned. fires properly and to the instructions operating tions, Starting correctly and that it the and height. the following: sections properly The and of or and branches back within of the top of the and of from the and free of of or with the the and the their The and seasoned. If to increase the of Since the of matched with the of the and should then the height of the increased. sections the of what to establish the This when factory-built or sheets of top of as to the outlet of the fireplace as Light this first then the the The heat from the burning top of the should the established. other factors forms. Neighboring high winds, around the that fire- the usually or that easily corrected allowing fireplace to correctly as and heat home.
Factory-built Troubleshooting Heatilator EPA 480-1091D o o Another from fireplace? and closing? closed Combustion o Unsealed lights? closed? or termination
C. and If cant fire what of Condition the combustion there enough heat to there enough heat to the there enough or too too enough? there combustion and and the pre-warmed? Exposed, downdrafting lighted newspaper to there the house? Obstruction from or from house the Condition, amount, of well-spaced and and the the Amount of Condition of the well-seasoned and suf- Condition of amount Turn off slightly the house fire. What the cause/what of Condition the clean? cleaned the house operation. What causing of Condition fires and obstruction Not enough and/or to establish combustion Heatilator EPA 480-1091D heat to establish high to Competition with that covered top months, preferably previously Pre-warm off slightly clean
enough/any heat. What about of Condition fire? fires seasoned the Condition of seasoned covered top months, preferably (about heat expectations Heat too foot- age Follow instructions The burns too fast. What of Condition What the of the seasoned fire established How Follow instructions ACC properly Heatilator EPA 480-1091D with with heat
and Servicing the A. (Chimney) Cleaning necessary; least annually lighting or once every months heating season. Formation and slowly, and other which with to The the relatively cool of or slow-burning fire. the ignited, this fire which the or the house. The and should inspected once every months the heating season to or occurred. If or should to reduce the of fire. Homeowner the following instructions. from the firebox and extinguish Allow the to cool completely. or and from cleaning top of the and and the properly. the tightly. The or should with specifically the type of Clean ashes from the firebox. this service. It recommended that each heating season the professionally inspected, cleaned and repaired necessary. WARNING! of Ignited HOT. Inspection: Inspect the the and the top. Cooler to to the from the top as as from the the of fire, Hearth Inc. recommends of the and inspection of the to the of NFPA III inspection Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Chimney Termination Cleaning screws, top cover. Top Chimney TR344/TR342 Termination screws and top off. Section ST375 Termination the screws. the the Chase TS345/TS345P Termination screws from the front and back and the top off. TCT375 Termination
of Ashes Homeowner the following instructions. Ashes should with tight The closed of ashes should or the ground, from If the ashes of or otherwise locally they should retained the closed thoroughly cooled. WARNING! cleaners or WARNING! of Ashes WARNING! of Ashes Ashes should with tight Ashes should retained closed thoroughly cooled. Cleaning necessary Homeowner the following instructions. Clean with cleaner. cleaners scratch and to crack. If the the cleaners cloth ashes or using cleaner. using cleaner, to with or and the firing permanently the and the plated of the combustion the firebox deflected the of the This washes the to from to its operated burn flowing the and the relatively cool of fire the to become coated. the with the Rate and the should the built coating. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D and Cleaning of Plated Clean-plated with or lighting first fire to CAUTION with It scratch plated CAUTION Clean the and from the firing the the first or and to the cured, the finish. and the the or become to or the latch. To or Tighten washers shown At least washer and the washer OR the Wear or to the the firebox and of efficiency. from Assembly Section Teflon Washer DO NOT REMOVE Spacing Washers
Inspect of and as necessary. Inspect cracks. this of and Circulation Compartment Inspect of crumbly, or cracks Chimney Inspect or obstruction such as B. screws to to them the Then to each screw the DO NOT OVERTIGHTEN SCREWS. that the fire and the cool to the Protect or counter top with or towels. with from the and off of the hinges. or counter and the of the top screws from the top and each using Head screwdriver. and screws. HINT screws easy the and the with the the front the to thread the screws. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D of clearance to household Confirm there to or as necessary. Inspect Confirm around Clean cleaner. to the If the or the correctly. If the too easily, the to thickness the around Confirm that termination clear and that termination clearance to (building additions) Inspect or weather and flashing intact. Inspect and as Section the the the first burn, the of the screws. NOTICE: ALL LABELS FROM BEFORE THE FIRST FIRE IN YOUR APPLIANCE.
The firebox of fireplace with high firebrick, which There to fire the firebox the fireplace without IMPORTANT: The the the location. the the completely cooled, firebrick and from and firebox. from and to as shown the top of the top of back of firebox and of back. top of of firebox and the of the with the of the Brick Qty. Brick Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Brick SRV7000-306 when or this the and to authorized
and from firebox, and extinguish the protection turning and of the firebox. Removing Protection from the With wrench, the front the the of the front NOTICE the with least trying to To the to of its Then, while that of the the and of the other It only to the first to the to front of fireplace and straight through To the board through the board and back and the and Heatilator EPA 480-1091D (shown without CAUTION! shock NOT grounding from directly properly grounded three-prong Route from NOT or front of Cord Location The with the factory with the right of (as CAUTION! shock turning off BEFORE servicing.
Instructions the from the of the fireplace and of the back the screws from the the fire- the using the screwdriver and completely the Removing the the from locating and necessary. wires to the the tightly the right and the locating other or firebox as the that the Screwdriver Accessing and Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Screws
Assembly CAUTION shock turning off BEFORE servicing. Arm Mechanical Assembly both and off of hinges. the and the and then the screws from each of and the protected the from back of and the head screws and the of the with head screwdriver. screws from cover cover plate head screwdriver to the the fireplace and then and screws Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Black Plate Assemby screws cover plate Cover Plate fireplace and then and to Plate
and to the right and of the and the and The assembly the wrench to the There to the assembly the front of the fireplace. through the the of the fireplace. the assembly and then through the and from assembly Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Arm Arm screw screws and screws. It that the of the facing the of the arm. Assembly with screws Screw
of from the Arm and screw. screw and to mounting that the facing the arm. the arm. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D of Assembly of Item Arm Washer SAE Screw PH PHL TC Arm Screw Screw PH PHL TC Mounting Bracket Mechanical, hours
C. Service of Service of Service Heatilator EPA 480-1091D
Started A. Typical preferably without affecting (with insulation shield shown) to insulation from insulated headed off Combustible top of standoffs (spacers) Factory-built fireplace Decorative facing and Hearth Protective hearth strip(s) Typical Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Termination Additional (or chase) Non-combustible flashing clearance around shown) combustion Enclosed and around fireplace combustion
B. and Considerations NOTICE: building to installation. MUST comply with and and regulations. building inspector, fire officials or authorities inspection and the following: Where the fireplace to The to supply and finishing Whether optional such as switch or NOTICE: Junction should to reconstruction. C. the to fireplaces successfully. fireplace successfully, combustion byproducts exiting the through the Considerations Preventing Location of fireplace and NOTICE: Hearth responsibility the performance of the caused by: to Downdrafts Tight of the Mechanical location of the Heatilator EPA 480-1091D D. Negative WARNING! of Asphyxiation! Negative of combustion and properly operation. Negative from the of the to properly. It stron- of the house. bath, Combustion heaters and other combustion Clothes Location of return-air to or conditioning of the HVAC such Recessed lighting hatch Duct To the of the with the facing the heating season combustion and and conditioning located the of the fireplace the fireplace or isolated Recessed lighting should sealed hatches weather or sealed mounted and and seams or sealed installations should NOTICE: Hearth Inc. the of fireplaces
E. Locating Chimney Location of the fireplace and within the the building This to lighting and of the fire. the highest of the This the of termination from and other the of offsets. the fireplace location to and and the termination Section and Section NOTICE: Locating the fireplace or location of from fireplace. heat or Location NOT recommended: Not the highest of the Recommended Chimney Locations Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Recommended Location: Location: Recommended: Insulated chase cooler Recommended Location: heated Location: Location NOT recommended: Too to tree
Heatilator EPA 480-1091D F. and the the following and building Reciprocating Non-combustible screwdriver screwdriver and length, or screws screws and G. The Heatilator fireplace consists of the following: Chimney termination Chimney Hearth Chimney (with SL Optional Firescreen Heat Top H. Inspect and WARNING! of and/or operation. DO NOT aged, or fire- and from and inspect and shipped to the instructions the installation. Follow these instructions the to and
Clearances A. Selecting Locations Several options to when choosing tion This fireplace as or chase. Locating the near heat or or other locations of the performance and from the front of the fire- when used. combustion. The with to combustion from the with termination ation should to these factors location. Sections and NOTICE: to these reference the following sections Clearances (Section 6.B) finished walls) NOTICE: FRAmING and include the cavity or the walls. Locations Heatilator EPA 480-1091D C C NOTICE: and typical installations and FOR PURPOSES ONLY. to installation/appearance to preference. Hearth the right to its products. NOTICE: clearance the back and to the of the fireplace sembly. sections clearance the and chase or
B. Clearances WARNING! of You comply with clearances to as specified DO NOT with insulation or other materials.Framing or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the constucted of to comply fire. Clearances to Combustible Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Flashing with to of standoffs to NOTICE: Chimney shown, required. to back of to of where Insulation clearance to header
MINIMUM CLEARANCES TO COMBUSTIBLES WITHIN ENCLOSURE AREA: Appliance to Appliance to Duct to Top standoffs to header to EXPOSED SURFACES to Heat to MANTEL Combustible and height from of fireplace to of OPTIONAL FRAMING CONSTRUCTION REDUCED MANTEL HEIGHT: Non-combustible height from of fireplace to of when the following used: Non-combustible fireplace to height of from of fire- sheeting, and NON-COMBUSTIBLE MATERIALS which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. that reported as ASTM of 750C, COMBUSTIBLE MATERIALS of (or with) fibers, plastics, or other that and burn, whether proofed or or whether or Warning Hearth cracking or other of finished to heat or Choose finishing Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Warning Non-combustbile reduced height EXTREMELY HOT of the fireplace. DO NOT TOUCH or heat items the CHIMNEY SECTIONS Chimney sections clearance the and section. C. the NOTICE: completed. If using Heat The height of and of The finished cavity than straight the to the shows typical (using of the fireplace, used. clearances to around the fireplace to. the top of the the of the top standoffs. standoffs.) the from of the fireplace
D. Access and NOTICE: The switch, and cover supplied. You to supply: with ground; with ground; mount cover the right of the fireplace. Thread the with ground through the with the the cover Match to to red, white to white, and with NOTICE: completed. If Heat WHITE Match to to red, white to white, and with to the Incoming (110V) WARNING! of You comply with clearances to DO NOT with insulation or other Heatilator EPA 480-1091D WHITE switch RED BLACK WARNING! Comply with clearances specified. clearance the back and to the of the fireplace assembly. Chimney sections clearance the and section. WARNING apply finishing of the front of this The fireplace covered with such as or cover or cooling The service- of the Combustion clearances. below standoffs, such as board or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, constructed of board, mount with Junction WIRE NUT GREEN BLACK
of CAUTION! of Wear protective and installation. A. the This correctly tilation to allow to the Section combustion to the of within the the shortest to the performance of the The should that allow to the the to vertically. such installation, height from the top of the tion to the combustion of The the right of the location/operation. CAUTION! of or Asphyxiation! DO NOT combustion from or cavity, or such as or DO NOT to or or the through the fireplace. to from or other bustion NO higher than below the termination Combustion Heatilator EPA 480-1091D NO to or supplied) to directly to fireplace the to frost the termination the and the with to and the termination and the house with to NOTE: allows of the of combustion to heated within the and to to the fireplace properly. Turn counter-clockwise to OPEN the OPEN to ate properly. closed when to tion NO or only specified NO
insulation shield to insulation from firestop of Locations Combustion Heatilator EPA 480-1091D from top of section to CLOSE OPEN Termination with fireplace or
B. the the This fireplace or Follow the structions Section 6.C. the to the clearance the and back of the fireplace sembly. Section 6.B. CAUTION! of Wear protective and installation. WARNING! of with insulation. DO NOT or insulation. insulation and clearances the and back of the fireplace assembly as outlined Section. WARNING! of Protective hearth MUST DO NOT cover with or C. Protective Hearth Strips to and the protective hearth included with this fireplace. each front of the of fireplace the front and of the least Protect the front of platform the hearth with included with fireplace) Section 10C hearth instructions. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Mounting Protective the front of the and the front and of fireplace or screw the Protective Hearth Strips Protect the of Platform Top Platform
Chimney Assembly NOTICE: Chimney performance and performance. Chimney height or Typical Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Chimney height of flashing to from Termination Additional clearances to as specified offsets/ to firestops where through or
A. measured from the of the fire- as shown straight height height with offset/return height height offset and the offset and height the fireplace NOTICE: of of offsets and used. WARNING! of You clearance to insulation and other around the to overheating and fire. offset firestop to top of standoffs Chimney Heatilator EPA 480-1091D straight height height/single height/double height NOTICE You the and to the section from the or B. Chimney Termination To the to installation, follow the below: the height of the fireplace This measured from the of the fireplace assembly to the where the the termination the effective height of the fireplace assembly from the height of the fireplace (measured from the of the fireplace to the of the termination to to what selected to the fireplace installation. the of firestops, flashing, to the fireplace HEIGHT OF CHIMNEY COMPONENTS SL3 Firestops FS338 FS339 FS340 SL315 SL330 Flashing RF370 RF371 Sections* SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 effective height. CAUTION! of and/or Asphyxiation! DO NOT this to servicing another DO NOT to or These actions overheating/fire the or release of the areas.
C. to overhead offset and as or section(s). WARNING! of DO NOT than Chimney restricted and heating and fire. offsets vwith screws to length) with Straight sections with screws. sections from or the to the to the Table The with the the clearance to the Read the chart to the of the offset and Height Height assembly of air-cooled of Effective built this chart. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D OVERLAP SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 A from Table the to, than You from the that B) the offset and The that fits SL324.
D. the Chimney Sections those this or operation and overheating and fire. straight section or offset to the top of the fireplace Chimney sections together the top section the the section. The to the of the section The casing the outer casing of the section below NOTICE: sections once together. sections and/or offsets/returns together the top section the the section. the top section to and You or screws than to sections together. NOT WARNING! of You MUST screws to to sections to the from to fire. to the screws through the NOT with provided; to or straight of every Assembling Chimney Sections Heatilator EPA 480-1091D WARNING! of DO NOT or E. CAK4A and NOTICE: Chimney CAK4A when the SL-300 instructions with the the first. the the fireplace. the top of the around the both together and with screws provided. the the as and through the fireplace top. the CAK4A Seal around the the and the top of the with the CAK4A NOTES: The termination of the ground and of If the CAK4A chase, the CAK4A termination least below the top. around the and with to from to the chase WARNING! The hose or with Screws CAK4A Together to Top
F. Firestops CAUTION! of firestops whenever the Chase firestops each or every of clear The firestop of fire and reduces firestop whenever ceiling/floor. and as shown the with the the the firestop to the of the when there insulation shield the insulated. The firestop then attached or below the WARNING! of DO NOT firestop and where they the or the of the sealant). Heatilator EPA 480-1091D firestop to of firestop attached to top of clearance firestop and FS338 FS339 FS340 the Firestop ROOM ABOVE (non-insulated clearance ATTIC ABOVE (insulated insulation shield
G. Insulation WARNING! of You MUST shield when there of insulation or other with the DO NOT insulation the and the insulation shield. to insulation and other from fire. DO NOT offset insulation shield. of firestop to the shield (around the already installed) and the three each match top). three screws the to three the of the to to to the insulation shield the firestop below. the three the top of the shield to to the from the the top to the If to shield or follow these although enough to back the insulation used. WARNING! of of or other that or other recommended. The shield or enough to the insulation and blown-in insulation from the cavity. specified around instructions and further H. the offsets and to straight tions, they with the screws (outer only), using the To from the sections the and the these to or or screw, or than Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Insulation Insulation Insulation Insulation (firestop Insulation Insulation Insulation (firestop below to to insulation from three screws to Insulation to Insulation
WARNING! of offsets with screws to length). with Straight chinney sections with screw to length) the sections from or I. Double-check the Assembly assembling the sections through the firestops as While of the height and Section 8.A. Chimney each section slightly from the top to the If they connected correctly, they when tested. J. to from to of through to of Measure to of and the required. the pitch. and to Chapter of the Uniform Building K. Complete WARNING! of You MUST to insulation and other around the to overheating and fire. The following should using chase. flashing to pitch. round termination and L. Flashing through the the flashing the NOTICE: Roofing shingles below the flashing plate the of and the flashing plate the and top. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Optional Additional the Chimney Ceiling/Attic Construction the flashing to the roof. the flashing plate and the to the flashing and as as the the flashing. heads with sealant. the of sections that located the to Straps (Optional)
M. Chimney Termination and this fireplace where become or other from or other The of the termination least the AND least of within as shown The shown the the Chimney Locations to and with both and terminations, the termination higher than the termination Chimney Locations Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Chimney of the or within of the of the or within of the or Termination Termination If cover(s), this to increased. to the instructions with the cover. Wall
N. SL-300 Thimble NOTICE: homes. the where the the to the of the and (measured the through the and The thimble completely through the shielding location to allow of thicknesses. Thimble when the ceiling/roof thickness The should the thimble inch. To the to the thimble, through the outer shield of the thimble the the as the to the thimble the screws with the the thimble assembly and securely to the the flashing the and to the the the flashing and the to the flash- plate and as as the the flashing. heads with assembling the and tion following the instructions with them. FLASHING 12966A, Heatilator EPA 480-1091D CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE JOISTS NAIL THIMBLE FLASHING 12966A, FLASHING ADJUSTABLE THIMBLE EXTENSION HOLES 12966A CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE THIMBLE CHIMNEY FLASHING PLATE THIMBLE EXTENSION SCREW NAIL THIMBLE EXTENSION SCREW NAIL
Chase Installations A. the Chase chase built to the and/or its that the of building chase. recommended that the chase insulated using type insulation the Construction of the chase with the type of build- These instructions the of building building MUST checked. Chases should constructed the of of the to The chase should the building to insulated. Building and firestops each of the chase or every of clear to of fire. plate and the first of the chase should insulated. and should the chase as the of the home. Additionally, Hearth recommends that the and (or the of and other should with high or with insulation. Round Termination Chase Top Firestop Insulation Insulation Chase Assembly Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Insulation Insulation the of the chase Firestop Chimney Three of chase shown and chase. offset through and chase. Chase constructed Chase Constructions WARNING! You and firestops each of the chase or every to of fire. WARNING! of DO NOT fire and where they the or the of the sealant). WARNING! of You clearance to insulation and other surrounding the Insulation and other to with The chase properly to blown insulation or other from and with fireplace or to insulation or other and overheating and fire. should insulated.
B. as Sections and C. Chase Top You MUST chase top chase installation. Chase tops from Heatilator or field constructed. Include turndown and to from the chase. Include or around to around the the chase top from the WARNING! of DO NOT the to the chase top seams to foot Chase Top Construction D. Termination the sections through the chase the of exposed sections that located the to to termination instructions. WARNING! of The of to (as shown the following MUST or from allows heat and to NOTICE: the termination with to the effects of those to the weather. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Chase Top Turn-down Edge Chase Chase Top TR344 Round Termination around termination snapped the and chase top. Termination and section snapped together to of TR344 Termination TR342 Round Termination around termination once and chase top. Height Termination and section TR342 Termination Termination Chimney Chase Top Termination chase and with screws provided. Chase Top Chase Chimney NOT top of chase to top of Chase NOT
ST375 Termination Chase Top Termination and section ST375 Termination TS345/TS345P Termination Chase Top Termination and section TS345/TS345P Termination Heatilator EPA 480-1091D or each of the termination and top of each screw to The section of the top of the chase and below the top of the chase. Termination Chase Chimney each of the termination and top of each screw to Termination The section of the top of the chase and below the top of the chase. Chase TCT375 screws from front back to the top off Height Termination and section TCT375 each of the termination and top of each screw to Termination The section of top of chase and below top of chase Chase Top Chase Chimney
Finishing A. Non-Combustible which and burn, of of the following: Iron Brick as ASTM of C B. Combustible of or with of the following that and burn; proofed or or Table inches of thickness Hearth Insulation inch inch thick thick Hearth HX3, HX4 USG USG Common Brick Armstrong Heatilator EPA 480-1091D C. Hearth WARNING! of fire! High or other burning from the fireplace or Protective hearth MUST Hearth MUST exactly as specified. You MUST hearth with this fireplace. to This fireplace tested and with hearth insulated to of The hearth MUST covered with or other hearth usually published to heat) or (conductivity of heat). to the Table to to to Table hearth insulation alternatives. thickness Hearth from each of
Hearth The hearth constructed of and HX3 or HX4, or creating the allow the thickness of the finishing IMPORTANT! Hearth of fireplace. High (300F HX3 or HX4 Hearth or insulation below) constructed of or other Hearth Construction The of, and hearth shown and hearth of this covered with and thickness as the hearth and the front of the fireplace with of and Hearth the Non-combustible front of and to of the with thickness of and and and NONCOMBUSTIBLE DECORATIVE MATERIAL HX4 MICORE FACTORY BUILT HEARTH EXTENSION (Each HX4 thick) of Factory Hearth Heatilator EPA 480-1091D or other GAP (SEAL WITH NONCOMBUSTIBLE SEALANT) UP TO BOTTOM OF FASCIA HEARTH METAL STRIPS Can with High to withstand and Hearth the Can Protective Hearth (Seal with high to withstand Hearth Platform the and Hearth to the of the hearth constructed of such as or Non- the hearth front of and to of the with thickness of and Can Ember with Hearth to of or front and to or (or and or front and to or (or and front and to or (or and Combustible or Combustible or Non-combustible Combustible
D. the Hearth and the hearth the protective that the fireplace front. These should from the fireplace front and both of the fireplace the crack the hearth and fireplace with of Apply finishing of choice to the hearth NOTICE: and clearances to hearth protection clearances hearth installations. The clearances strictly to. Mounting Protective the front of the fireplace and the front and of fireplace or screw Positioning the Protective Hearth Strips Warning! Hearth to as illustrated to high from occurring Hearth burning or from directly the the building should and the Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Seal with the Hearth E. Finishing WARNING the fireplace of the fireplace! This and fire. You only the of the fireplace. NOTICE: The serviceability of the Combustion Combustible of or with fibers, plastics, or other that and burn, whether or or whether or Non-Combustible which and burn. those consisting of or or thereof. that reported as ASTM Behavior of 750C,
Non-Combustible which and burn: Calstick completing the and applying the facing the of to off the top and the fireplace and facing to with to cover the fireplace front. OR Template template of the front the of the It the around than the front. the template the of the installation. template Warning clearances only below standoffs, such as board or finishing the front of, or front of, the than the listed, constructed of board, WARNING! Hearth oration, cracking or other of finishing to heat or Choose finishing Heatilator EPA 480-1091D F. than from the of the fireplace. The of Combustible that than from the of the fireplace than from the of the front. Combustible cover: the of the where the the the the of the and to clearance Specifications Clearances from of to of or
G. Non-Combustible Facing tion WARNING! of Follow these instructions exactly. Facing properly to fire. without authorization Hearth TOOLS NEEDED: with head the fireplace to the or of to ther of the fireplace. The and that attached the fireplace to the to the to the of or to and the hearth this NOTE: boards Boards attached the following top, and then the the to the of the outer fire- with screws, the centered. and the top board to the outer and the Calstick, light bead the of the top board. Ensuring the top of the and the top board the to the and or towel or to or from facing Apply to or other finishing instructions. The Calstick the and the hearth to Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Top Complete OVERLAP of and Hearth and both of fireplace or screw with Apply of Calstick to Calstick FIGURA FIGURA incombustible
Accessories A. Heat (Optional) This tested and when with this It responsibility to instructions and to follow these instructions installations. of this MUST service technician. The Heat-Zone-Wood and as specified. If or of its the warranty and possibly fire to and/ or the location of the fireplace and Clearances to Heatilator EPA 480-1091D ALL should and with and with the National NFPA/NEC CSC22.1 Duct Locations clearance from to Wall Duct DUCT RUN REQUIREMENTS MAXIMUM Duct MINIMUM Duct DUCTING MATERIAL DO NOT DUCT existing MINIMUM CLEARANCE TO COMBUSTIBLES from the from top of outlet from the of outlet from to
INSTALLATION the or cover plate from the top of the and the insulation as the shown CL the of from the following and as required. The shipped to the length, manually the together and NOTE: It the to or the performance of *A of to the insulation to tfrom blow- through the as Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Mounting Plate insulation board the the fireplace, the the plate to the the the the Mounting Plate the screws included the the and Mounting Plate fireplace. to the fireplace, the to the top of the fireplace with to the location the and housing assembly. or The rotated and mounted to the back of the necessary. NOTICE: The and servicing NOTE: If the housing the front of the housing from the finished enough as to the housing. of recommended. Securely the to the screw the to the outlet the housing. of than as Warning Comply with clearances specified. clearance the back and to the of the assembly.
clearance to to Housing with sheet screws with pointed Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Wall Housing Bracket Can o Securely to NOTICE: the that clearance to the fireplace seams with or as specified the around the of the to back the with the clearance from outer the (with OFF) location. This switch the operation. the Junction VAC service TO the and FROM the to the Junction to the VAC service wires to the and (white) wires and screw the VAC ground to the Junction the to the housing The with the NOTICE: DO NOT REGIsTERs. Complete the fireplace installations as the tions found with the clearance from Junction Junction White Black
B. Firescreen firescreen to the choses to the fireplace with the and whenever the operating this or firescreens to burning the fireplace. those specifically tested and with the fireplace should used. both to the that the attached. to to the front or too high that the front. with fire and heat to If and then the and the to Troubleshooting WARNING! firescreen when burning fireplace. firescreen or to burning fireplace. Firescreen or burning wear when or the as the become while Heatilator EPA 480-1091D
Reference A. Heatilator EPA 480-1091D FRONT VIEW SIDE VIEW C C TOP VIEW Access (right of fireplace)
B. Chimney The following the SL-300 and fireplace which with this CAK4A Chimney RF371 Flashing to Pitch ID4 Insulated Duct TR344 Round Termination UD4 Uninsulated Duct TR342 Round Termination SL306 Section ST375 Termination SL312 Section TS345 Termination SL318 Chimney Section DTO134 Short Decorative SL324 Chimney Section DTO146 Decorative SL336 Section DTS134 Short Decorative SL348 Chimney Section DTS146 Decorative SL3 CT35M Chase Top of SL315 Chimney 12966A Thimble (Thimble SL330 Chimney MH841 Thimble FS338 Straight HX4 MICORE Hearth FS339 Firestop HEATZONE- Heat WOOD FS340 Firestop SCR-433 AS8 Straight Insulation TMP-433 Template JB877 LINTEL-433 CB876 Chimney Bracket TR-TVK Round Termination Top RF370 Flashing to Pitch Plate Sections SL306 SL312 SL318 SL324 SL336 SL348 Effective of snapped to another) Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Firestop FS338 FS339 FS340 INSULATED DUCT ID4 UNINSULATED DUCT UD4 RF370 Flashing to Pitch RF371 Flashing to Pitch
SL3 Chimney SL315-SL330 TR344 Round Termination MAX. DISTANCE TR342 Termination Heatilator EPA 480-1091D CB876 Chimney Bracket TR342 TERMINATION CAP CHASE TOP TOP OF UPPERMOST CHIMNEY SECTION JB877 12966A Thimble MH841 Thimble TS345/TS345P Termination ST375 Termination CT35M Chase Top TR-TVK Termination Top CAK4A AS8 Straight Insulation
C DTS134/DTS146 DTO134/DTO146 Decorative DTO134 C DTO146 DTS134 C DTS146 Heatilator EPA 480-1091D C
following Heatilator EPA 480-1091D C40 C. Service Woodburning Active
IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. service or please and this from authorized ITEM DESCRIPTION COMMENTS PART NUMBER Section SL1 Brick Brick, BRICK-480 Brick, Brick, With Chamfer Brick, Brick, SRV7000-306 Indicate SRV480-0510 of TUBES-480 SRV480-5050 Assembly SRV480-5150 Blower Access SRV480-0990 Convection Pre Assembly, Black Assembly with Qty. Qty. Qty. Additional service following Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Service SRV480-5490 Active C40
IMPORTANT: THIS IS DATED INFORMATION. service or please and this from authorized ITEM DESCRIPTION COMMENTS PART NUMBER Assembly HANDLES-480 Protection Protection Mounting Chimney CAK4A SRV480-0530 Right SRV480-0520 Assembly Non board SRV7000-143 Top Hearth Junction Plate Latch, Light Switch Light Switch Plate Assembly SRV480-1150 Switches, Cover Can Cover Plate Termination Assembly SRV480-1730 Standoff Top Assembly SRV480-1940 Unit Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Service protection and This the front Active C40
Heatilator EPA 480-1091D This intentionally
D. Information operating and instructions included. This covered or of the following (United States) 6688302B2, 6715724B2, D320652, D445174, D462436; or other U.S. and Heatilator EPA 480-1091D Heatilator, of Hearth Inc. W. IA www.heatilator.com Please Heatilator with or the location of Heatilator please www.heatilator.com. CAUTION DO NOT DISCARD THIS MANUAL Read, and follow these instructions and operation. NOTES Printed U.S.A. Copyright this with and operation.