Instructions 2LBL7, 2LBL8 Please and these instructions. to or the Protect and others information. to and/or property these instructions reference. NOTE: with the National through or another there as to the of the Mercury. According to or WARNING: Turn off the or This mounted with, or without using flush- mounted to mount this surface-mounted Location the instructions below that apply to Junction If of the slightly, to the required. the Mounting Bracket and the Thread the supply wires through the the back of the Mounting Select the the mounting that with the screw the the of the Mounting Bracket with the screws Without Junction Select location with structurally sound and from to from the ground. The should least inch thick to the the Mounting Bracket as template. the mounting location the and four mounting four or screws or screws least inch provided) to the Mounting Bracket to the It to mounted to to splitting. the the of the Mounting and wires through this or other of Complete The the Temporary through the the Mounting This grounded. the supply ground to the ground screw. You or to the ground screw, then the ground to the supply ground when the other supply wires connected. the the Mounting and allow the to the Temporary the wires to the supply wires to white to white, and ground HEA Printed 2LBL7: Patio Light 2LBL8: High Patio Light this to the supply ground wire). with the the Temporary and the the the Mounting Bracket wires pinched. the screw through the of the Mounting Bracket and the housing. Tighten this screw. (provided). rating match the rating of the 2LBL7: M110/O rated 2LBL8: high type S62 mounting with weather To operation daylight, cover the with Turn the The light to to reach brightness. the from the and automaticallyon off Mounting Bracket (Optional) Ground Screw Temporary LPG-5659, LPG-5679
Assembly Instructions assembly without the of wires. of WARNING: Turn off the or cover. screws attaching to housing. wires to from wires. to assembly. screws and washers holding of assembly. the assembly following through 120V AC Black Black White White White White White Black 2LBL7 White Bracket White Washer Screw Housing Screw
Assembly Instructions assembly without the of wires. of WARNING: Turn off the or cover. screws attaching to housing. wires to from wires. to assembly. screws and washers holding and CAUTION: the and the together to the of of assembly. the assembly following through Black Black White White 2LBL8 White Black Screw White Black 120V AC Washer Housing Screw
YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY: Should this to satisfactorily to or workmanship within of of purchase, to the of purchase and it replaced, free of charge. or from this warranty. Light covered. International, Inc. IL
2LBL7, 2LBL8 o Ud. NOTA: o ADVERTENCIA: o pared, o trate pared, Ud. tornillos firme artefacto. tornillos o tornillos pared. Complete Conecte tornillo Ud. o tornillo HEA 2LBL7 2LBL8 Conecte tornillo artefacto. 2LBL7: M110/O 2LBL8: S62. Tornillo LPG-5659, LPG-5679
ADVERTENCIA: o tornillos artefacto. tornillos Conecte 2LBL7 Tornillo Tornillo
ADVERTENCIA: o tornillos artefacto. tornillos PRECAUCIN: Conecte 2LBL8 Tornillo Tornillo
LIMITADA UN o usted. o International, Inc. IL
2LBL7, 2LBL8 conserver protection NOTE AVERTISSEMENT incluse tion. tout incluses. bois tout cochon cochon sappuyer HEA Chine 2LBL7 2LBL8 cochon cochon inclus. 2LBL7: M110/O 2LBL8: type S62 LPG-5659, LPG-5679
Nous recommandons services AVERTISSEMENT Rouge Directives Rouge 2LBL7
Nous recommandons services AVERTISSEMENT ATTENTION Rouge Rouge Directives Rouge 2LBL8 fixation
GARANTIE DUN AN dachat, International, Inc. IL