TM TM KICKFLIP
VK Corporation. LLC. rights copyright this whole or without the written of VK Corporation and LLC. VK Corporation and LLC this and only as to operation. technical information, and this and or related the and thereof or warranted, and they to should they to or concerning the products Specifications to without the the and H.O.T. of LLC. VK of VK Corporation. and LLC or VK Corporation the property of their respective owners. service and these products and and
of VK Corporation or LLC. other including, to, the or of of VK Corporation or LLC strictly prohibited authorized their respective owners. Product FCC FCC Authorization ID: SBWVK650C Additional within and TTY appearance and features from shown. simulated. FCC SAR features, functionality or other specifications to without or obligation. Battery should or of properly. with and Other items imported. each item country of origin. Hearing (HAC) M3. features, and and Service and to without and service and everywhere. and charges apply Higher rates apply to international and separately. LLC third information, or that Subscriber CD) terms and activating to the Subscriber and the
Thank purchasing and with in-house and VK international and through of rigorous tests, including humidity, and tests. that with The of this and the of the to change. that to or
Information This information the and operation of this Please information to performance and to to or of the or this warranty this FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS PERSONAL INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE. To reduce the of shock, to high areas, such as the bathroom, from heat. that to than or than F, such as or to or heat malfunction, and/or catastrophic when other RF from shielded nearby. You should with the of such as or hearing to they to interference from Turn off and stations. microwave as this the to
IMPORTANT! Please the TIA SAFETY INFORMATION Information Please and the following information the and of and to Also, this reading the and charger to shock or fire. high areas, as the to and the the and heat the to cleaning and clean the when dirty. the or heating. the as fire or shock. the to and the cord. the connected. If connected, heat or fire. heavy items the cord. allow the to crimped, as fire or shock. to the conductors, such as or shorted, or to the battery, as shock, short-circuit, and fire. the of reach of or mouth serious IMPORTANT INFORMATION
items containing such as credit cards, cards, or The of the the the or with of reduce the to heat allow or to the the with the
Precautions charger or that the only its If the station, and greatly affected the and the the Battery charging the charge and the type of and used. The and of wear the and noticeably shorter than to battery. If batteries, and recharge only with chargers. charger from the the connected to charger than as overcharging its life. the charging of battery: cooling or first. the or such as or as reduce the and of the battery. to the battery with or temporarily when the affected below C F). when such as or the and terminals of the (the the back of the battery)for when IMPORTANT INFORMATION
or Shorting the terminals the or the causing the of with of fire. Charger and Battery Charger the Charger and warranty. The Charger only. the Charger to sunlight or with high humidity, such as the bathroom. IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONSSAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS DANGERTO REDUCE RISK OF FIRE OR ELECTRIC SHOCK, FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY to with the the The to correctly oriented or mount CAUTION RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS.
short-circuit. to high C F Battery of properly or to wireless recycling. fire or with or IMPORTANT INFORMATION
and the Battery Attaching Battery Removing Battery Charging the Battery the Charger About the Battery to Battery USB Precautions Functions On/Off On the with the of from Functions Incoming Character the Text T9 Predictive Text ABC
Functions STYLE Download Download Download H.O.T. H.O.T. Download SURF SNAP the Functions Memory Info with the Closed TEXT New Text Text New Functions CONTACT New Emergency Service Info APPS PLAN CONTENTS
Functions World Memory Info VIDEO+MUSIC Download Download Memory Info SETUP Sound Functions Network Security Info Memory Info Information TIA Information FDA Consumer FCC RF Information FCC Hearing Regulations Wireless Devices Warranty
and Inserting/Removing the Battery Charging the Battery About the
and that and included with purchase. the or service to USB LCD Cleaner products from the The optional TV purchased separately. Battery to TV (Optional) Charger CD
Soft Selects the function displayed the of the Initiates outgoing or incoming Press once to of Playback or records Press and to on/off Select Selects items the function displayed the of the Right Soft Selects the function the right of the and the on/off (when to the Text Erase/Back/Cancel character, to the or the selected function Press and to the to to to Right to the Apps to the BEFORE USE
and Mouthpiece Can as to to T-Flash T-Flash memory headset with the LCD QVGA TFT LCD Microphone Record sound with to photograph or this to when the or low-light
the sound or the the the optional TV playback TV USB to or Connector USB Connector the Charger to charge To from occurring, the of the exposed of each to the that the supply to the from the and then the and or BEFORE USE
the International roaming or roaming with another telecommunications service within the US service Text Text and and Text and Direct light when the LCD The bright and bright enough to Text, and incoming incoming and incoming then T-flash Battery
the Battery Attaching Battery the the back of the and the cover Press the hear click. To the OFF the battery. While the release the cover the arrow BEFORE USE
Charging the Battery the Charger To charge the battery, the Charger the and the the of the Charger If charge and with the Charger its performance and capacity the headset to the
About the Battery Battery Normal State State Activity Continuous Continuous Charging About hours About About Battery Activity About with sounds reduce the About MP3s About About About About BEFORE USE
to Battery characters, using the and and greatly reduce life. and/or animations or sound effects, or and closing of the reduce battery considerably. of reduce life. What Within wireless with the reduced Once with the wireless established, the of about higher. the service its as constantly or life, as the service to and and often of life. life. of the reduce its the charge the the The warning sound and then off. The to the
USB only the included USB connected to or charging normally or to of other USB or of performance. the included USB with VK BEFORE USE
Functions On/Off Character
On/Off On The splash appear, the to off The splash the off. the the to BASIC FUNCTIONS
the then The of the displayed locked, to outgoing the Press to search the of incoming and outgoing Press to Once or its phone and the of the to the
to assigning holding the assigned and the first then holding the to the the Press and to the the The first to BASIC FUNCTIONS
with the of From the four of the numberthe four matched the and incoming/outgoing and the phone displayed. Select the from the and the four to search through the the or If locked, supply to from Press to Press Select the info and You from the and information phone
the and to the to the information text to the information text BASIC FUNCTIONS
International Press the seconds. The the country and the Press the The to the of the This when service (ARS). of seconds. The while seconds. This when ARS.
Incoming the to the information, the or the To incoming To the to To the when the To the to Press to speakerphone. Press to the on-screen outgoing the the other hear them. Search Contact: Searches Contact: phone Record Records phone The outgoing recorded. The recording the (DTMF tones while recorded.) BASIC FUNCTIONS
The the Press to the to, or text the or it as information text Privacy: on/off. to or ARS. the the buttons. Press and to items, and instead of The
Character the Text field that allows character there text input the of the To the text input the repeatedly the input T9 T9ABC, T9abc ABC: ABC, Directions each of the input You the text input pressing the repeatedly the to through the the following T9 ABC ABC BASIC FUNCTIONS
T9 Predictive Text T9 allows to English with only than associated with instance, of the 'J', 'K', or 'L'. T9 to built-in dictionary to the such, than the English Words To type the to the the following as Press the once to The appears the It with each Complete each with the
If the that appears the the or to choices the typed "of" and both the The displays the commonly choice first. T9 displays containing the Punctuation hyphens, and the T9 the of to the that the the following to BASIC FUNCTIONS
To the T9 the Lowercase (ABC), and Clearing Characters Press to characters from the text
ABC ABC the with the characteronce the first character, the character, and the three to the character 'C' and the three to the character 'L'. This The to the right when the another character, seconds the to right and then the character. to the the of characters assigned to each To the ABC the Lowercase (ABC), and BASIC FUNCTIONS
Characters the displayed) ABC C o Clearing and Characters Press to characters.
allows to text Press the to the allows to text To through the the the the associated to the The switches back to the text to selecting BASIC FUNCTIONS
Functions STYLE SURF SNAP TEXT CONTACT APPS PLAN VIDEO+MUSIC SETUP
STYLE You that when You from ringtones as as the ringtones. then Select Press to option: as Ringtone: Specify the selected as the ringtone that when the selected the selected protect, or the selected ringtone or its information. the ringtone Select ringtone from the and to playback, to or or to the Press to to Press to of the following options: Switch Select this option to full-screen To to the MENU FUNCTIONS
Option: playback options While Closed, Backlight On Playback). to selection and to apply the selection. Select to To Text or text playback. Select from the ringtones. Select from downloaded ringtones. (This option appears only when there downloaded ringtones It appear when there downloaded ringtones or downloaded ringtones Ringtone Download Connects directly to the where ringtones. then Download service downloaded ringtones. information,
Selects the to the or as then Select from downloaded or from the Select Press to Screen Specify the selected as the splash, splash, or the selected the selected the selected Protect/Unprotect: Protect/Unprotect the selected Protected the selected Information: the selected title, copyright, protection of playback, and information. the MENU FUNCTIONS
Press to the selected playback, to or Press to to Press to from the following Switch Select this option to To to the playback Option: from While Closed On Playback. to selection and to apply the selection. to To Text or text playback. Select from Recordings: Select from Select from the Download directly to the where and then Download service downloads. information,
Selects the that displayed when to the downloaded or as the then Select from Select from Select from the Download directly to the where then Download service fee downloads. information, MENU FUNCTIONS
H.O.T. TM On H.O.T. then H.O.T. H.O.T. Download directly to the where H.O.T. then Download service fee downloads. information,
SURF to information the anytime, anywhere then OR the to the FAST ACCESS Navigation Home: to the Search: Search the directly to specified to the the History. MENU FUNCTIONS
BOOKMARKS HISTORY the history. SETTING Other options. Refresh Refreshes the currently displayed Contact: to Info: information.
SNAP the right of to the Press and to the directly. the to sound when or recording when or should lighting than its surroundings. shooting, light and off the backlight. shooting, to the and as stationary as as the to bright lighting of recommended. You the to Landscape, or Night, the to the quality. Once the directed positioned, the to to the when with light, the least seconds the becomes using the to the shooting (approximately as the performance as the shooting increases. the too properly, the too bright. MENU FUNCTIONS
of as as than with If the the top of the to the to which allows to To shoot the and the to the You the when the shooting About of the reflected the the accordingly. Since the with high-precision that to the to and of and high humidity. To the directly the If the becomes dirty,
then OR Press and the options as Press to photo. To then Press to the flash. Press to the Flash: Turn the on/off: On. the Quality: Specify the Normal, in/out when the to or higher). Turn shooting. to supported. information shooting, shooting when the to or the with shooting only when the to Brightness: the brightness. Light: Select the lighting Daylight, Light MENU FUNCTIONS
Select the shooting Normal, Light, Person. Effect: Negative, Black White, Warm, Cool, the Memory: the internal or memory. (A memory when T-Flash flash, and location to the to option with the attached. (A when the T-Flash as Background: the as background the the back of to to switch to
then the options as Press to recording, then to To then Press to the Quality: the quality: Normal, Brightness: the brightness. Light: Select the lighting Daylight, Light Select the recording Normal, Person, Light, Effect: Select from Negative, Black White, Warm, Cool, Memory: the recorded internal or memory. memory only when T-Flash Sound: Specify whether to sound recording. It while to its than three seconds MENU FUNCTIONS
Recorded Once recorded to back the to and playback. Press to the Press to switch the The displays and allows to internal and (T-Flash) memory. then You to the of that the or or with options the Press to selecting photo, to its and Press to switch the (the switched when the
Press to option: the selected (You only memory, memory.) the selected the selected photo. the T-Flash the selected the Copy to Copy the selected to the T-Flash If or internal memory and memory (T-Flash the or to the and the T-Flash The allows to and internal and (T-Flash) memory. then MENU FUNCTIONS
or or the You and to the of that or or the Select and to playback, to Press to playback. Press to switch the Press to the Press to options: the selected as (You memory, memory.) the selected the selected the memory. the selected the the selected and and Copy to Copy the selected to the T-Flash If or internal memory and memory (T-Flash the or to the and the T-Flash
options. then the or the to others from them. to this Select to then the Sound: Select sound. Press to selected sound. the selected sound played when or Memory Select: to internal or memory. Specify the shooting or Restriction: whether or to incoming recording. If this option recording without interrupted incoming recording treated as and the recording MENU FUNCTIONS
Memory Info internal and (T-Flash) memory then Memory Info internal memory Used: Amount of internal memory to MP3s, and ringtones Empty: memory to MP3s, applications, and ringtones memory to memory to (E): of the T-flash Used (E): memory to MP3s, and Empty (E): memory to MP3s, and (E): memory to (E): memory to The of or that and recording
with the Closed closed, and to the Press to shoot. The automatically. Press to the which displayed the top right of the Press to the on/off. Press to the brightness. Press and to to shooting or appear of the This when shooting MENU FUNCTIONS
TEXT Press to directly to the Text New Text text You the to to Text, then New Text then to information While to the the to search Search the Search the Search the text to characters or characters allowed the US. SMS information.
Text and text that received, or Text then Text New Text text information creating and received Press to Press to reply. Press to Reply: to the the selected to third party. the selected the phone (Select the text to this option.) To the selected the To the selected as Further from the directly to the information MENU FUNCTIONS
sound played of displayed the they received. to the previous/next You to and to the Press to the and Press and from the following the selected the selected the To the selected the To the the Text the text to the
from other or while composing. Select and to Press to Press to from the following options: the selected the selected the While to Press to from the following options: the selected the selected the selected to the If or incoming received while creating the and to the Press to the and Press and from the following the selected MENU FUNCTIONS
the selected to Templates and them as templates to templates provided. Press to from the following New: the selected the selected to templates The characters or characters.
Specify text the text Once (activated when the option or Every Select: the sound: New or the Incoming automatically. Text Specify whether to the when (A that of the Text Specify the Normal or MENU FUNCTIONS
numbers, or text as that from the or the text classified as and directly to the Specify to there specified, the input automatically. Press to or numbers. Press to to phone the phone least and to Text Specify or phrase to there text specified, the input automatically. Press to or text Press to to the least characters or characters, and to characters or
to the than received, the the and to its Press to the Press to from the following options: the selected the protection. Memory Info the of boxes. MENU FUNCTIONS
New and pictograms. Text then New and phone number(s), then the input to switch the text input instructions characters. Press to from the following options: to to Text: phrase. to phrases the to from the following as Search Group: Search the Search the to to people
the when successfully, or when Backgrounds to the top of the and Backgrounds the of the input to choose from backgrounds. Background: as the background. Background: as the background. Background: as the background. Background: Don't background. Font to the top of the and Font the of the input to the MENU FUNCTIONS
the to the and to or the selected from the Photo: photo to the the of to photo or to or Music: to the the of to to or to or recording to the the of recordings, to recording or to or attached or attached from the Press to the You to three or recording. together
and that received, or Text then New information creating and Inbox arrives, sound Select and to its Press to Press to from the following options: Reply: to the MENU FUNCTIONS
the the and the phone the (purchasable should purchased through the the selected While to or Press to reply. Press to from the following options: the the the and the the (purchasable should purchased through the the the they received. to the previous/next The of that the of the
from the and to its Press to Press to from the following Reply: to the the the and the the (purchasable should purchased through the While to or Press to reply. Press to from the following the the the and the phone the (purchasable should purchased through the as arrives, classified as and the to and to its or to MENU FUNCTIONS
that Select and to its Press to Press to from the following the the the selected and the the selected While to Press to from the following the the the and the the to The of that the of the
that Select and to its Press to Press to from the following options: Create/Send: the While to the or to that or Select and to its and instructions Press to selected Press to to The of that the of the and or MENU FUNCTIONS
Press to from the following options: with the selected attached to as Wallpaper: the selected as background the selected photo. the selected photo. the selected photo. Press to from the following options: with the selected attached to Record: Record the selected the selected
recordings. Press to from the following with the selected recording attached to as Wallpaper: the selected recording as the background the selected recording. the selected recording. the selected recording. recordings. playback, to and Specify the background, and options. Background Specify the background to when creating Select Background, Background, Background, or Background. MENU FUNCTIONS
Font Specify the to when creating the (activated when the option or Every the sound: New or Sound the this to as of that from classified as and directly to the the Block Specify to Press to from the following options Protection the selected from the to the
the to phone the least and to protection. Specify the of from Reduced the of attached to to to reduce attached their to the the MENU FUNCTIONS
and Directs to the interface. Text then Text then to Alternatively, or and to to While roaming with another service the the top of the
Clear Envelope the displayed, received. the when the to clear the to when The sound the as when text and switches to when MENU FUNCTIONS
CONTACT New to the to then New the info and The item as follows: characters or characters Address: characters characters or characters You and as instructions from that associated the displayed the with the and To the first and family then the displayed, and the
phone to information The assigned recorded to the instructions the with and search then to search OR From the Search the the appears. Select and to from the following options: text to the selected to the selected the selected editing. New Contact: to the the selected Press to information the selected MENU FUNCTIONS
the group, and or You to then Select the and to the of the group. the of to from the following options: options the selected groupspecify group. the selected group. Group: the selected to the Other and the isn't group). There Other, Family, School, and Office. You The Other or only its ringtone If specified when the the Other group.
Assign to phone easy access. Contact, then the and from and assigned to the only. the input with to the Press to the assigned to the selected MENU FUNCTIONS
the of Missed Incoming and to each Contact, then Select the and the phone to from the following the selected entry. the selected to the to the selected entry. from the
with You the USB to information with PC. then the synchronization. what to and Username/Password: username and You this synchronization. username and to switch the text input the username, the of the MENU FUNCTIONS
Emergency to three to then Emergency You or of the three when the locked. the locked, to Select the and to then
Service to Information or Customer Contact, then Service Select the to Information: to the information Customer to the service (when the to English, when to Info information. then Info MENU FUNCTIONS
APPS Access downloaded and You specify such as On Top (H.O.T.) then Apps OR To the On Top (H.O.T.) as then H.O.T. Press as to highlight the H.O.T. Press Turn On H.O.T. Press OK three and the The H.O.T. and temporarily exiting H.O.T. to other features of the (such as or the
PLAN and specified and and then the monthly and to switch to the Press to switch back to the monthly the monthly to from the following New the selected of the selected Search to the to from the following options: New New Anniversary: anniversary. MENU FUNCTIONS
the selected event/anniversary. the selected the monthly the the and New Select then the and to characters or characters the to and the monthly the the and New the and to characters or characters the to and
or repeating then there and to there to option: Assign or Selecting Assign allows to and the as as and The about seconds the specified Press to from the following the selected the and the flashes and the To the and or MENU FUNCTIONS
World around the world. then World to through the Daylight
Carry mathematical operations of to then Press to characters (or to the there characters Operations Parenthesis Parenthesis MENU FUNCTIONS
Record or then OR If there to Press to finished recording, The following options appear: back the Re-record: Record the the If there and to back. Press to and playback. Press to and the to the recording.
From the to from the following Record Info: the and of the selected the selected to recorded and The allowed memory text then there to Press to from the following the selected to each of to characters or characters. MENU FUNCTIONS
Memory Info information about the and of internal and memory. then Memory Info information about the internal memory. T-Flash information about the T-Flash
VIDEO+MUSIC and to the to and to directly. and back and sound played when Press and to then and the Press to the and text and MENU FUNCTIONS
Press to from the playback. Press to playback. Press to and to the selecting from to through the selected to Playlist: to playlist. selected titles of selected selected Protected Protected to the selected Info: the title, copyright information, protection length, playback and information. From the information to title, or The or and text
and of the recently played Press to the and text Press to from the playback. Press to playback. Press to and to the selecting from to through the to Playlist: to playlist. selected and text MENU FUNCTIONS
Playlists playlists and playlist. To selected the to the items and then there playlists, to from the following New Playlist: playlist. and text there playlists, from the and to from the following New Playlist: playlist. Playlist: the selected playlist. Although the playlist the items the playlist Playlist: the selected playlist. and text playlist, to and to the and text
Select from the selected playlist and to from the following options: selected the selected items from the playlist. found and text MENU FUNCTIONS
Down: Press once to to the of the track, then to to previous seconds when continuously when Right: forwards seconds when continuously when to recently played
playback, to from the following options: (full-screen) or to switch the playback. Playback playback While Closed, or On Playback. Press then with the track; to and text and Streaming or downloading to the closed (with while Closed" service includes the of to allow playback of whether the or closed. the service, playback of the MENU FUNCTIONS
with the Closed when the locked) With the closed, and to and Press to through the (Recently, Playlists). Press to everything from the selected the function to Play/Temporarily Press to to the recently played Press to the playback, to seconds; and to playback, to back seconds; and to With the closed, the selected playback, the playback, playback, and selection used.
Connecting to TV You the optional TV to to TV. You the and from the connected TV. VIDEO AUDIO the white, and of the TV to their TV input counterparts. Once the connected to the TV, its LCD turned off and the TV becomes the Press the buttons the of the TV to from the MENU FUNCTIONS
Download Download from the then Download Download Download from the then Download
Memory Info information about internal and memory. then Memory Info information about the memory. T-Flash information about the T-Flash MENU FUNCTIONS
SETUP Sound Sound then Select Sound then Select options. Incoming On: Incoming and Only: Incoming only. Then Incoming then
Sound then the of sounds. the incoming the the the of the sound. the Sound Effects Sound then Sound Effects Sound: the tone played when depressed. Sound: the sound played when the or closed. Every Hour sound to hour. Confirmation: the sound played Sound: the sound that when or the of the service MENU FUNCTIONS
the sound that when Disconnect the sound that when disconnected. Missed when Sound then Missed the Every Once, or TTY using TTY Sound then TTY To TTY, TTY to the and the TTY TTY to hearing impaired If TTY the performance of headset or accessory that TTY.
then photo. Recordings: recording. incoming then MENU FUNCTIONS
photo. H.O.T. Select H.O.T. then H.O.T. Clock the and the then Clock Clock or clock. Turn the on/off.
the then Turn the on/off and Location: the location the Font Color: the Background Color: the background Fonts the text then The following Blueberry, and MENU FUNCTIONS
Backlighting backlight then the Power-Saving, or The of the options only when selected. Backlight: the and of the backlight. or Brightness: Normal, or Backlight Closed: the when the closed: or Light the light or
then incoming the the the to the other than or to incoming the closed and and to the and to ID Turn ID on/off to display/hide the other party's then ID On: ID. To when this the other party's ID. The other partys displays Restricted. MENU FUNCTIONS
Network then Network Select the network or Comm Select USB to the USB or UART to Select "DS:USB DM:UART" to PS "DS:UART DM:USB" and PS the the or Only. The when connected to to information.
Select the EV-DO or 1X Only. What Only? CDMA2000 allows and What EV-DO CDMA2000 to services such as the CDMA2000 EV-DO of than CDMA2000 MENU FUNCTIONS
then then then the to or the to factory and Factory or the to factory and and the each the memory slightly.
Security then The Security then the then and the hint. The hint whenever 6.Security then then hint. further about to MENU FUNCTIONS
to You to Security then the outgoing to services. the the to text and Int'l Calling international
Select the English or then Select the Info the software and of first and then Info MENU FUNCTIONS
Memory Info the of internal and (T-Flash) memory. then Memory Info information the internal memory. 2.T-Flash information the T-Flash
Information TIA Information FDA Consumer FCC RF Information FCC Hearing Regulations Devices
The unauthorized It the restoring factory and locking or the If the the each the The
TIA Information the TIA Information Wireless Inclusion of the text covering Hearing and Other Devices the owners CTIA of the TIA when to wireless telephone and receiver. ON, it and (RF) the (FCC) RF with hand- wireless Those with the previously both U.S. and international ANSI C95.1 NCRP ICNIRP *American National National Council Radiation Protection and International Radiation Protection SAFETY INFORMATION
Those based and of the and physicians from government health and industry the of research to the ANSI (C95.1). The of with the FCC (and those Normal the as would other telephone with the pointed and shoulder. the and regulations the of wireless telephones the where them. Also, while please to first responsibility hands-free operation, off the and or Devices shielded from RF shielded the RF from wireless
The Health Industry Association that of inches wireless and to interference with the These with the research and of Research. with Should ALWAYS the phone than inches from their when the ON. Should the phone breast Should the ear the to the interference. If reason to that interference phone OFF immediately. Hearing wireless with hearing the of such interference, to service Other Devices If other the of to they shielded from RF physician to this information. Turn OFF health when these to or health using that to RF SAFETY INFORMATION
RF improperly or shielded with the or its You should the of that to vehicle. with inflates with force. DO NOT including or wireless the the or the If in-vehicle wireless improperly and the inflates, serious Turn OFF facility where Aircraft FCC phone while the Switch OFF phone To with operations, OFF when or posted: Turn off and instructions.
Potentially Atmospheres Turn phone OFF when with atmosphere and and instructions. such or fire or death. with atmosphere clearly. (such as stations); below or or vehicles using (such as or where the chemicals or (such as or and other where normally to off vehicle SAFETY INFORMATION
FDA Consumer wireless health The that health associated with wireless There proof, however, that wireless of (RF) the microwave while used. They of RF when the stand-by Whereas high of RF health heating to RF that heating effects known health effects. of RF found effects. that such confirmed research. other researchers those or the reasons What concerning the of wireless the FDA the of products such as wireless they as with or the agency authority to action wireless shown to (RF) that to the such FDA the of wireless to users of the health and to or the that the
Although the existing FDA FDA the wireless phone industry to of including the following: research of RF of the type wireless wireless that RF to the that function; and Cooperate of wireless with the information of wireless health FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of RF to coordinated the The following to this group: National Occupational and Health Protection Agency and Health Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health interagency as FDA wireless with the Communications (FCC). SAFETY INFORMATION
that the United States with FCC that RF FCC FDA and other health about wireless FCC the stations that the wireless phone While these stations higher than the wireless themselves, the RF that people from these stations typically thousands of than those they from wireless stations the of the this What of the of this The wireless to wireless with built-in often or PCS These of wireless the to (RF) because of the the phone and the head. These RF that with the of FDA and other health and the phone located from the the to RF drastically RF with increasing from the The which connected to the telephone house, typically and RF within the FCCs What the of the research already? The research conflicting and from their research
the of (RF) characteristic of wireless conflicting that often repeated other however, that of RF the of laboratory of the that showed increased that genetically or treated with cancer-causing chemicals as to to the of RF Other the to RF to hours These to the which people wireless with certainty what the of such health. Three published them, the investigated the of wireless and or acoustic of the or gland, or other cancers. of the the of health from wireless RF of the about long-term the of phone these around three years. What research to whether RF from wireless health of laboratory and of people actually using wireless would of the that completed years. of would to of promoting that directly to or years follow-up to about health effects, such as This the the of to cancer-causing and SAFETY INFORMATION
the they years. The of RF of wireless factors this such as the which the or which of used. What FDA to about the health of wireless phone RF? FDA with the U.S. National and with of around the to that high conducted to about the of to (RF). FDA leading the World Health International (EMF) its inception of this the of of research that the of research around the The of information EMF FDA and the Telecommunications Association (CTIA) Cooperative Research and (CRADA) to research wireless phone FDA the oversight, input from industry, and organizations. research conducted through to The research include both laboratory and of wireless users. The CRADA include broad of research the of the research around the
wireless the United States comply with Communications (FCC) that (RF) FCC established these with FDA and other health and The FCC wireless telephones Absorption Rate (SAR) of The FCC with the the of and (IEEE) and the National Council Radiation Protection and The the to heat from the that from the wireless and below known to effects. of wireless the RF each of phone to the FCC. The FCC location the FCC phone RF the What FDA to the wireless The of and (IEEE) technical the (RF) from wireless and other wireless with the and leadership of FDA and The Recommended the Absorption Rate (SAR) the to Devices forth the first the which RF the heads of wireless users. The of the head. SAR expected to greatly the consistency SAFETY INFORMATION
of the SAR the of the amount of the whole or of the It measured (or of This to whether wireless with What to reduce to from wireless If there from these products--and this know that there is--it concerned about to to (RF). factor reducing the amount of wireless reduce RF If wireless and the of the RF, the off dramatically with headset and the wireless from or wireless phone connected to the that wireless concerned about the RF from these products, those to reduce RF from wireless phone What about wireless The to of wireless including and If to to to (RF), the would apply to and
using wireless Reducing the of wireless and increasing the the user and the RF reduce RF sponsored other governments that from using wireless the government the United distributed containing such They noted that that wireless or other effects. Their to wireless phone children strictly precautionary; it based that health What about wireless phone interference with (RF) from wireless interact with this reason, FDA to interference (EMI) of implanted and from wireless telephones. This of the Association the of instrumentation (AAMI). The FDA, and other completed This allow to that and from wireless EMI. FDA tested hearing interference from wireless and the of and (IEEE). This and performance hearing and wireless that that interference when phone SAFETY INFORMATION
and hearing the This the IEEE FDA to the of wireless interactions with other Should interference found to FDA testing to the interference and to the Where information? information, please to the following FDA wireless FCC RF International Radiation Protection World Health (WHO) International EMF National Protection (UK)
FCC RF Information this information using This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or SAFETY INFORMATION
the (FCC) of the United States with its action and FCC updated to (RF) FCC Those with the both U.S. and international The of this with the FCC and these international the or Unanthorized modifications, or the or of FCC the with If with the burn Please This tested and FCC RF and the of inch(2centimeters) from the of with FCC RF information about RF please the FCC Absorption Rate (SAR) Wireless Devices The SAR that to the amount of RF the head of wireless
The SAR of the of testing, and It RF the tested their highest laboratory when operation, the SAR of substantially that the reported to the FCC. This of of factors including its to and other factors. What to that each the which incorporates of stated SAR SAR or below the of the The highest reported SAR of VK650C CDMA Head SAR: CDMA SAR: PCS Head SAR: PCS SAR: FCC This the FCC FCC ID SBWVK650C More information the SAR found from the following FCC FCC Class This and its comply with of FCC to the following this and its interference, and this and its interference received, including interference that operation. SAFETY INFORMATION
FCC Hearing (HAC) Regulations On July the U.S. (FCC) and WT the of wireless the Hearing of (HAC Act) to wireless with hearing-aids. The of the HAC to reasonable to telecommunications services with hearing While wireless hearing (hearing and cochlear users or whining hearing than others to this interference and the amount of interference they The wireless industry rating wireless to hearing that with their hearing Not rated. Phones that rated the rating their or located the The the hearing and hearing If hearing to to interference, to rated phone successfully. Trying the with hearing the to
M-Ratings: Phones rated M3 or M4 FCC and to interference to hearing than that M4 the of the ratings. Hearing rated. hearing or hearing health professional this Higher that the hearing relatively to interference The hearing and wireless phone rating then together. of of the hearing the M2 rating and the wireless the M3 the of the M5. This should the hearing with while their hearing with the wireless Normal this as that operation. The to with the The to with the UT The and recommended the Telecommunications Industries (ATIS). The and UT SAFETY INFORMATION
referenced Section of the FCC The HAC rating and the American National (ANSI) C63.19 information about hearing and wireless FCC Hearing and University, RERC of Hearing People Inc. [SHHH] www.hearingloss.org/hat/TipsWirelessPhones.htm The Hearing FCC
Warranty VK MOBILE INC. (VK MOBILE) warrants that this phone (Product) free from and workmanship that Product to the following terms and The warranty the Product ONE the of the purchase of the Product. This each whole that the Product of this warranty. The warranty only to the purchaser (Consumer) of the Product and or to purchaser/end-user. The warranty to Consumers who purchase the Product the United States of America. the warranty VK MOBILE or VK MOBILEs option, or that properly their with or refurbished items, such or of malfunction or to the Consumer such VK MOBILE the charges incurred VK MOBILE or the The warranty cover appearance, or items, including and VK MOBILEs of the warranty the of the Product the the Consumer the Product the WARRANTY
the Consumer the Product reasonable amount VK MOBILE other or These the Consumers breach of warranty. from VK MOBILE, the Consumer the of the purchase of the Product of or The Consumer or this warranty of the following The Product subjected to to or unauthorized unauthorized or other acts that the of VK MOBILE, including caused The Product from such as with from fire, earthquake or from to weather of theft, blown or of caused or or caused the to other products VK MOBILE. VK MOBILE writing the Consumer of the or malfunction of the Product within fourteen the of the warranty
The Product or the or The or caused the function of the or reception the or or other software introduced the Product. VK MOBILE warrant or of the Product. If the warranty the Consumer the following Should Product warranty service within the first of purchase, to the from whom purchased. If purchased directly from or www.helio.com. Should the Product warranty service of purchase, or www.helio.com. The Consumer include phone and/or of the of purchase, and service related to the Product from covered this warranty. The Consumer or charges covered this warranty. The Consumer related to of the Product. If prearrange with VK MOBILE the Product the warranty within of the Product. WARRANTY
If the Product the warranty the with the Product covered the terms and of this warranty, the Consumer and of the charges the Consumer to the Product repaired, with charges to the Consumer. If the refused, the Product If the Product the of the warranty VK MOBILEs service apply and the Consumer charges. You (the Consumer) that the of refurbished that of which reprocessed. The comply with Product performance and specifications. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE DURATION OF THE FOREGOING LIMITED WRITTEN WARRANTY. OTHERWISE, THE FOREGOING LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE CONSUMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. VK MOBILE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OR PROFITS, LOSS OF SAVINGS OR REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSS OF USE OF THE PRODUCT OR ANY ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT, COST OF CAPITAL, COST OF ANY SUBSTITUTE EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES, DOWNTIME, THE CLAIMS OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING CUSTOMERS, AND INJURY TO PROPERTY, RESULTING FROM THE PURCHASE OR USE OF THE PRODUCT OR ARISING FROM BREACH OF THE WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE
THEORY, EVEN IF VK MOBILE KNEW OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES. VK MOBILE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY IN RENDERING SERVICE UNDER THE LIMITED WARRANTY, OR LOSS OF USE DURING THE PERIOD THAT THE PRODUCT IS BEING REPAIRED. allow of warranty the warranty apply to (the Consumer). allow the or of and of the or apply to (the Consumer). This warranty the Consumer rights and the Consumer other rights which from to VK MOBILE neither authorizes authorized service or other or to other obligation or that which this warranty including the or of warranty or service This the warranty VK MOBILE and the Consumer, and and or oral or written, relating to the Product, and representation, or contained these This warranty the of of the Product the Consumer and VK MOBILE. The the Consumer and reflected the purchase action or breach of warranty within months following purchase of the Product.
VK650C CD KA/A PRT-SGA000005/04.06-1 TM