INTRODUCTION This section operating procedures the Sections and should read, and instructions should operating the OPERATING CONTROLS to of this section. Item Function The ON/OFF when pressed, Chilling to the and to and the Shows the the and the information the Technical The and when or The to the optional and to the Technical The TEMP to the Chilling or SECTION OPERATION This section of and and information operating procedures and To to the its If the its the upright least hour to the of or aged, and the BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
OPERATING CONTROLS (Continued) Item Function The to that the Chilling or The SELECT to choose or the The FAN LED light which when the The LED light which when the The END-OF-CYCLE LED light which the of or The LED light which when the the AL AL The LED light which when the Chilling selected The LED light which when the selected The LED light which when the The LED light which when the selected The LED light which when the selected BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
BASIC OPERATION The chills food products with of to within hours. They food products with of to within hours and to reach the the performance, below: The food thicker than to inches to Meats should directly the racks, products should covered The from the the which increases the chilling or clearance of inch The or to or (plastic) The acts as around the food and it to the specified the of MODEL Chill Capacity Capacity BCF-24 BCF-65 BCF/BCM-110 the batch of type of the the to while operation. of each type as ready, and the (located the of the the which the If using the batch of this Press to and should seconds. BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
Press to the Chilling or the BASIC OPERATION (Continued) or and or with to the OFF Press to choose the or the With the selected, the shows the of the and the of the If the selected, the shows the and the (hours and the The sounds the selected, the Then the sounds when reached. the the necessary, using The affected the thickness of the food food and foods The sounds the the once the started. This lengthens the to reach the At the of the the the sounds and the the The sounds seconds, or to the the the Chilling or the The the to hours, or from the and BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
chart BASIC OPERATION (Continued) Conversion Chart 88C 80C 70C 65C 60C 50C 40C 30C 10C 4C 0C -10C -20C -30C -40C BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
the DE-ICING and the of each This that around the the Chilling or to follow this increases the to cool the and to from the the Press to turn the Press The shows The the and created the the Allow the to of and of The off when the and reaches of If the procedures the from the the of and the which the the off the Section. BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
CLEANING the switch the off from the the and from the and with and Clean including the with cloth, and cleaners! other cleaners or cleaners/sanitizers containing or chemicals, as these the and and the of the to the or Clean around the and the with cloth. The ready operation. the following cleaners Foaming Food Service Cleaner/Polish Once the cleaning to the efficiently and to build-up the To injury, the switch to OFF and the from the or Wear protective to reduce the of from the the and from the flat-head screwdriver, the screws the cover and the cover to the BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
CLEANING (Continued) of of of bottle. the completely, the top and as shown photo Allow to about SEASONAL OR to the turning off PROLONGED SHUTDOWN the the slightly to from the to clean the or pointed or to cleaning or to the cloth or and fresh and clean the completely. screws and ready Monthly: At least once month the to cleaned of or obstructions the to efficiently and to reduce of the to the the from the or turning off the flathead screwdriver, the screws from the front of the and the of the to release the and the from the cleaner, or to the or other from the cleaning with blowing the from the of the to clean the or to the the front and the supply, and ready the of the and completely BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
PROGRAMMING Information about the operation These while the Displayed The following information accessed: the appears the and the the shows seconds. You then seconds to the Not this Not this Press three and the shows the Press and the shows the the of indicated the located the board. Press and the shows and which the of the the board. The to to the information. chart should the BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
PROGRAMMING (Continued) Displayed of the the Chilling or Press and the shows the This the the the The holding this Factory the Chilling and the The the Chilling and the The the Chilling and the of Press and the shows the of the The factory this to of or of the of Press and the shows the which the off the The factory this to of or the of using high Press and the shows the of the which sounds, indicating the too high. The factory to of or of Press and the shows the of below the holding which sounds, indicating the too The factory (-3C), to of (12C) or of (-8C) BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
PROGRAMMING The of the and (Continued) the sound. Press and the shows the which the high and and the sounds. Displayed The factory to of or of This that the too high or too sounds. International Only. which the off Chilling to of the Press and the shows the which the off the This the outer of the from however, the cooling greatly increased. The factory to of or of this than the This function only when the factory to of 3C the to factory Press the and the shows which and the the back to factory The and the and of this section to to the country which the BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
PROGRAMMING (Continued) Displayed when the of this section. Press and the which the and off, shows the This the from while the Chilling which The factory to of and of high when using the of this section. Press and the high which the and off, the This the from while the Chilling which The factory to of and of using of Press and the which the and the shows the The factory and The chilling factory the to of The to of and of using The U.S.A. and BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110
PROGRAMMING (Continued) Displayed when the sounds the of Press and the that the sounds when the reached the and cooled to within the recommended shown the The factory to of and of The the U.S.A. and England, Intermediate Press and the and the with the information the of the to information the of the The factory to of and of using than this function. Selecting or Press and or C shows the Press to from to or (Once pressed, the BCF-24/65/110, BCM-110