This section the and of the within the to the Troubleshooting section. It the of the malfunction. This section of the that together within the The below. Removing the You to to the the to the closed, the should otherwise noted. the to the the infinity. The from the to easily the of The following this section. High Switch Heating Complete
This high which the of the shortening. If the shortening 420F (215OC), this switch and off the heat to the cookpot. the of the shortening to the manually The located the the front of the This allow heat to to the cookpot. high to that its closed. The shortening below 380F (193C) to this to the to the the or turning off the or shock the the wires from the high Manually the then continuity the terminals the If the the then with this (If the closed, the high defective. the wires.)
to the the or turning off the or shock If the or cracked, the off The shortening from the cookpot and the the shortening. screw from the cookpot. Straighten the that threads the the high the front of the and the screws that high to the high from and screws. and through cookpot To shock or other the and from wires and The NEVER such where the the heating located heating from and cookpot
of high as to with or when cleaning the cookpot or to With front with shortening. There each of the fryers. There the other than that the to the the or turning off the or shock CONTROL PANEL FUSES Phase from to and to assembly, or the to closed If the (HP# EF02-007).
The Switch three switch with OFF With the switch the POWER the With the switch the PUMP the the heating to the the or turning off the or shock OFF should anywhere the switch. from: to closed to closed from: to to the the of the Switch. These and which With and wires off of the switch, the switch to from the with switch, and wires to switch following the the
Heat The switching and heat The the Switch the and the of the below 420F (215OC). The the the the cookpot (215O The to of the heat The heat the the heat, the heat to of the heating the heat and the closed), the heating heat the shortening. to the to the the or turning off the or shock the both as follows: Its E?SL L3 L3 L2 L2 the Mercury
The following with the and the Switch the ower should applying reading, and the cord, or turning off the leads or shock ith and heat-up the to both This to to the If found the the and switch the Section.) the heat If as follows: to the or turning off the or shock only those wires directly connected to the replaced. the wires. the mounting screws the and (primary). Proceed to the the mercury to the and the screws the mercury the and of to and the
Each heating Heating or and the the right of to the If the shortenings recovery or than required, this heating the shorted or to the to the the or turning off the or shock the The following with the closed and the switch should applying reading, and the cord, or turning off the leads, or shock heating with the wires connected to the The heaters actually three heating the of the It to the wires to reading. The wires L3 L2 L2 L2 L3 L2 L2
the shortening. the high from the heating the the heating wires from the the screws the the to the back of the heating the and washers which the of the through the cookpot. the heating from the cookpot as the and them and the of the cookpot. when heater or shortening heating with mounted the of the the heating first the through the front of the cookpot. the and washers the heating the from the back of the to which each four and the high the top and the the top and screws which the wires to the the front the to the or without Heating shou shortening the cookpot, or to heating
the shortening from the cookpot. with micro-switch that heat from when the With the the switch from to the of the and heat and the to the the or turning off the or shock The following should to the Switch the the right of the switch from wrench. the terminals the Switch. If the Switch The should the of the Switch. To the Switch, the wires from switch. to Switch, and switch to the switch. NOTE CLICK of switch while The relays the shortening to the If becomes PROB the Also, the of tion than or the should as follows: to the the Switch to the OFF and the or the off or shock
TEMPERATURE PROBE the Board. REPLACEMENT (Continued) from PC board. wrench, the the the from the cookpot. the and the and the the inches the cookpot. hand-tight and then with wrench. force the to PC board and shortening. Turn ON and
COMPLETE CONTROL Should the become follow these PANEL HENNY PENNY instructions the board. the screws the and and the to the Board. PRESSURE REGULATION The as of the of the cooking process. Once the sealed to the cookpot, and the the the cookpot. to the the Switch the "OFF" and the and/ or the off or shock the such isn't backwards. The and and which the following
PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE The following the Every Clean and Yearly Cleaning and Inspection and and tears wear or cracked or REVERSING LID The surrounding the of the GASKET to reversed. HENNY PENNY RECOMMENDS THIS BE DONE EVERY DAYS. heat and the the cooking process, the constantly stress. the to the through the completely, back, and with the thin screwdriver the the corners. the
the tears or If the to replaced. that the while it the upright or serious Clean the and seat with the with the facing the the four corners of the and smoothing the from the corners. The the back of the the of the to allow and closing of the The weight to and One the about and the used. The other and off the becomes or the catches the and the allowing the to or closed. the back shroud of the With holding the another the Unthread the from the and the attached to the and Thread each of the Screw the the wrench, tight.
and the Thread the other of the through the of the wrench, the (already threaded the the the the the screwing the through the the becomes The should with the Tighten the the the the back shroud.
PRESSURE PAD The that the to the the the four screws the cover and cover. the back, off of the wrench, the head screw the screw the and the NOTE If the worn, and the other of the used.
LID ADJUSTMENT If from around the the or If the worn, and the other of the used. Section Other the to such as cracked or or properly. caused too should operating to section. these should or serious burns
ith the and the the should with the when the lowered. The then to the If the to the the the back shroud and back shroud. the the and both then the to the If the other and back shroud This that to the cookpot. The the of the cook and the of the cook If this should become dirty, or the Teflon seat The internationally). Switch to the the and/or service from the or shock the wires from the which found the wires.
to servicing the to the the right of the the top of the housing. the cover. If the to replaced, the wires the the housing. and the wires the of disassembly. The wires connected the screws the and the wires through the If the assembly sticking to build-up of shortening, breading, and food with the following Unscrew the assembly from the the assembly and the assembly, and the these If Teflon to replaced, to otherwise, of disassembly. and with smooth and rounded of the of the replaced. If they should replaced. from the of
SOLENOID VALVE With the assembly and assembly (Continued) the One the to the the other attached to the the from the the screws which the to the the and Teflon seat. Clean the O around seat with and O assembly first) through IN of of and the Teflon BE CAREFUL NOT TO MAR OR NICK THE SEAT. NOTE The O that the and reassemble If the replaced, follow and this section. OPERATING CONTROL VALVE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REMOVE THE VALVE CAP WHILE THE FRYER IS OPERATING, or burns or other The operating located the back of the The of the and to the right of the the operating properly, when OPERATING ZONE the the The should normally the operating If the builds to the and releases from the frypot.
OPERATING CONTROL VALVE (Continued) DO NOT MANUALLY ACTIVATE THE SAFETY RELIEF VALVE. released from the when the pulled. from or burns Cleaning AT THE END OF EACH DAYS USAGE OF THE FRYER, THE OPERATING VALVE MUST BE CLEANED. The OFF and the released. the and then the ORIFICE CAP WEIGHT and to the operating the building too and burns both the and weight with cloth. to thoroughly the seat, and around the and immediately to or REMOVAL CLEANING The should cleaned once OF SAFETY VALVE SAFETY VALVE to while operating, or burns or other wrench to the from the counterclockwise to
REMOVAL CLEANING Clean of the with NOTE OF SAFETY VALVE (Continued) Turn the the of the when the hours. to The It factory to pounds of If or DO NOT DISASSEMBLE OR MODIFY THIS VAVLE! with this serious and agency and warranty. PRESSURE GAUGE the of PRESSURE GAUGE the and If the shows or reading when should the screw the the indicating to the hand the and Cleaning the and the from and Clean and the
The found the cookpot the back of the It the the front of the allowing the shortening to from the cookpot. the shortening from the cookpot. right of the from the and and from the and Unscrew the shield from the Unscrew from the cookpot.
The the the the the with the of the off of the and the of the the from the The should when the to injury. With each arm, release from the and allow to the the the back shroud and the back shroud. the to the and from the screws the front shroud.
the front shroud and the of the Thread the through the track the front shroud. the the the front shroud the and to