WM2-IC-2.0
the Water the Iron Curtain. The Iron TM the and effective It and from The reason and the incredibly high of You can't or them, they're there! and them. through aeration which such as and physical These the enough to to where they the The Iron then these clean, The Iron the the industry to offer. It's reduces and while years of trouble-free service. Iron forced through aeration which such as and physical These then the enough to to where they the This the highest of easily from
the bath. the from the NEW! IC-2.0 The IC-2.0 the first to the and Iron then, the Iron the and and leading treatment professionals the industry. This factory by-pass both the aeration and Reduced Reduced Reduction recharge to oxidation Built-in service and life. ease of service. Service Flow Rate (GPM) Flow Rate (GPM) WM2-IC10 WM2-IC12 WM2-IC13 service flow rates household only. of flow rates listed. Water 60F higher tested purchase treatment owners operating and or factory flow The Iron chemicals or operation or injectors, or of and Increases the of type A The Iron and covering of flow from to There Iron or Warranty every Iron with the Warranty Act. Iron Water to to the tested purchase treatment
Meetthe FamilyofProducts. Water Water to the to clear, fresh, and without of the found ordinary The Water coffee, and and to healthy UV Disinfection of to (UV) from of including the with treatment high-powered UV, these of disinfecting the of bacteria and With (compounds such as and and these effective to of Chlorine Chlorine to and that supply. Chlorine city to bacteria as from the to home. While effective with and disinfection by-products (Trihalomethanes THMs). of these by-products shown to and effects. Chlorine easily and effectively reduces and other and ProMate and WaterMate TM Conditioners which the of heater, dishwasher, and and bathtubs, glassware, and dishes, and and These and the leaving and money. Satisfaction and its back with to satisfaction and offer of the the treatment industry. warranty Inc. P.O. WI www.hellenbrand.com