HVLP, HVLP,
English Please the following Emphasized Sections Items of Application Safety......................................................................................... Technical and Shutdown.................................................................................................. to and Troubleshooting Accessories.............................................................................................
Please the following Emphasized Sections what or that the or other property of technical the and this operating from the Items or HVLP Tube, assembled, o of Application to regulations and that the or other from or to life. The the to the the The instruction with Tube, assembled, The and high performance and They of products. To the to the the igh The HVLP with input and and with higher The and the lower. The It cleaning (chlorinated or chemicals. and instructions to of the of the following bores and of The of the bore of and with The of the HVLP bore of and with If round required, round or of with other please LOCTITE
Please the following and operation of the these instructions completely. The or of of or or of to instructions or Unconditionally Instructions If wear Wear and protective clothing and Wear tight-fitting Wear protection and this to follow operating instructions or to If products properly to health the of chemicals! instructions! cleaning or coating containing Trichlormethane or of the of chlorinated These chemicals with or The reaction to this reference. the technical and the to the EC Directive 91/155/EC) the LOCTITE www.loctite.com US and of English of of sheets. FOLLOW UNCONDITIONALLY THE INSTRUCTIONS OF THESE DATA SHEETS! caused and instructions and of
Please the following the unprotected or areas. Protect from heat and sunlight. Irritating to and Spraying the If necessary, wearing of ear protection recommended. only well-ventilated areas. than with or from of ignition. of with immediately with of and the Sheet the
The thoroughly tested necessary to operation. Protection and (HVLP of with and (PTFE). M2. Screw with Counter AIR OD ID clear, OD ID AIR
Technical and to the instructions section Safety. Quality: If the achieved, LOCTITE PSI) PSI), operating PSI) and If to individually, apply with counter of flow. To with of and of Activating the the and the flows of from the The the and to The function and closing force. to or other of feeding and to supply. Clear AIR to the the operating to and the the operating oil-free, non-condensing. Accessory
and individually. Apply with counter of flow. Turning right: flow. Turning flow. the Shutdown the the The release flows back the to the the operation The You that to flow when the releasing closed, and flow This that the instead of the
and to the instructions section Safety: servicing the from the and Release includes and If to three the of the screw Unscrew the protection Unscrew Re-assemble To the At interruptions to and these If necessary, To cleaning and and threads should greased slightly. screw Unscrew Re-assemble counter-screwed such where and The of or from the of the and both countered each other firmly. That built-in additionally.
Troubleshooting of malfunction Correction The the respectively and slightly the Either or worn. There and within steady blowing constantly although released. the the and/or the head. closed properly of within correctly screwed and/or washer worn. counter-screwed section worn. section that section Then screw the and screw stuffing clockwise and smoothly within the or Clean the with section Clean with that screwed tight. and/or washer.
the below Protection HVLP Protection both and consists of
head, with of head, with of head, with of head, with of and protection and protection and protection (Not the with head, with of head, with of head, with of head, with of the with and protection and protection with with
the with HVLP and protection HVLP and protection HVLP and protection both with of with and There of of and with of and The of the of and to the and and
Text Positionsnummer HVLP HVLP igh hat
hat HVLP hat EU 91/155/EU) LOCTITE www.loctite.com ANWEISUNGEN IN DIESEN DATENBLTTERN UNBEDINGT BEFOLGEN!
Trichlorethan Stoffe
HVLP (PTFE). M2. AIR AD ID AD ID AIR
LOCTITE- AIR
hat
HVLP
Edition/Ausgabe: HVLP HVLP HVLP
D-81925 Corporation C