through and the function of operating and Item Switch Switch Switch Switch Switch This section operating the OG/OE-301/302/303. Sections and should and instructions should operating the the function of or without This type switch the to the when the The to the shortening as as the countdown the The of the shortening the switch. If the below 250F (121C), the LO. If the 390F (199C), the HI. these displayed. The right activated or the switch. The the switch. The shows the information and the right shows the information the right The switch to the cooking and to the The swtich to the and holding the switch seconds, the heat continuously. the switch (indicated thermometer), the shortening the and the the right Function
LED the LED flashing, the the the of the shortening reaches 250F (121C), the LED off and switch to the heat using shortening, recommended to the shortening heating the cookpots. Heating and the of the cookpot completely shorting. or to the cookpot Ready LED The ready LED when the of the shortening the (It the 5F (or C) than the Head LED Product LED The LED flashes while the and selected this The LED flashes while the and LED The LED flashes while the and the LED LED The LED flashes while,the to four cook The heat LED when the heat
&I Other LED LED and Switches only) High Contactors only) Thermal The other LED flashes while the high and only. this The LED when the right and and switch seconds. The through the other to the LED. The then the shortening of and switches as the These switches and selection. selected and the or switch seconds. To both the right and products the the the The located the protective that the when the the rated The protection the This located the the high This manually the high high protects each cookpot. The the relays that to the heating One relay with the high and the other relay with the heat which the mercury The thermal located the the shortening
Interlock Union The interlock switch microswitch that tection the heating the shortening from the frypot while the switch The switch to off the when the interlock switch protects each cookpot. It recommended to off The and normally the closed Turn the to the to the shortening from the the to splashing of shortening. burns The the assembly to the It easily to allow of the and
NO. Switch Shut-Off Each cookpot its shut-off thegas to the only) only) only) The houses the and catches the shortening when from the frypot. It to to and the shortening when the replaced. when the or which with shortening. with shortening burns It recommended to This switch the to the The to reach three cookpots when shortening back the cookpots. The and hose connected to to shortening from cookpot its which the flow of to assembly. It The the flow of off to the this that the high and each cookpot. Function
The switch switch. the Switch switch to the ON to the the switch to the ON to the The thermostat to below the the thermostat. It off when the shortening reaches the The that the of the and activates the when the frying Turn the to the arrow the The arrow back to the arrow when the ON/OFF switch to the to the OFF to the the This the to the The indicating light light which when the
It recommended that high shortening the O&301/302/303 and OG-301/302/303 stations. shortenings high causing foaming and The OE-301/302/303 pounds of shortening cookpot. The OG-301/302/303 pounds cookpot. cookpots inscribed the of the cookpot The top shows when the heated shortening the Cold shortening should the the shortening when heated. shortening the each cookpot, or fire It recommended to when with shortening. Shortening and that with the shortening and burns the with shortening the cookpots or recommended. shortening splash and burns The Fry Station with each cookpot. The following of the operating the the closed of cookpot. the cookpot with shortening. shortening, recommended to the shortening heating the cookpots. Heating and the of the cookpot completely shortening. or to the cookpot
switch to the ON Unit the the reaches 250F (121OC) the the heat The shortening heated the reached. The bypassed, the switch and holding seconds. the enough shortening to completely cover of the heating If bypassed heating covered, of the shortening or fire Press the or switch and seconds to The and The of the They started, or without affecting each other. Thoroughly shortening to the throughout the cookpots. the shortening reached ready LED indicating to the they with cookpot and switch. Countdown frying sound and the DONE. Pressing the switch the and the The to the of the the 0O:OO and sound. Pressing the switch back to the cooking
Frying food the shortening every Watch the shortening foaming the the shorten- as as shows of foaming. Clean the cookpot as follows each the shortening or Turn the switch to the OFF and the and thoroughly. obtained when shortening the frying to from the of the cookpot. heating or the the The the beneath the This the splashing of shortening the This splashing burns. and the slowly, first and then to the This splashing of the shortening as the the shortening from the cookpot, to and the of the cookpot and the heating of the If the with breading, straight white to breading the of the shortening or the and the of the cookpot. the cookpot as follows: the cookpot. the switch to the the cookpot then off
OEI the properly the the of the properly and with the that the and the shortening from the and the allowing the to shortening from the ;-,;,?;I If shortening from that the the the properly. If off the and to the This burns and the of the frypot. the and cleaned, the of the shortening of the and back the cookpot. the only, the switch from PUMP to OFF. the of the shortening the cookpot. fresh shortening necessary, it reaches the the of the cookpot. Approximately to with the tity and type of and the type of breading used, and the amount of the the assembly and become and the the assembly and the If to this the switch back to the ON and allow reheating of the shortening. The following
The with ton the the thermal This located the of the to this tector To burns caused splashing shortening, the switch the OFF the The to screwdriver to the to the The should or whenever becomes with Proceed as follows: the switch to the OFF the and-remove the from beneath the cookpot. This protective or clothes to burns. to burns caused splashing of shortening. cover from and the assembly from the the shortening and from the Clean the with and Thoroughly with Unthread the suction from the assembly. the catcher and thoroughly with and thoroughly with the and the
Clean the top and with and thoroughly with that the catcher, and the suction thoroughly assembly of or the the top to the the the corners and then the the with the the catcher top of the Screw the suction assembly. assembly back cover, and back beneath the the hand. wrench to The ready to
the of the as as of shortening, the cookpot should thoroughly cleaned as follows: should operation. to section Switch. Turn the switch OFF. The the to splashing or of which serious burns. If shortening the cookpot, the turn. then the to the the shortening the the shortening Then the the leaving the assembly. Moving the station, or with shortening them recommended. shortening splash and burns the cookpot to the with ounces of to the and thoroughly. The the cookpot cleaning. wear splash or shield and tective when cleaning the cookpot as the clean- high splashing or other of the with or burns the instructions the cleaner. If the with thoroughly with cool and physician immediately. Turn the switch to the POWER and to 200F. The Switch used.
the reaches 200F, the switch to the OFF Watch cleaning constantly to NOT causing to the cleaning to with the off. the the of the cookpot. cleaning, the and cleaning from the cookpot the and the the and the cookpot with to the ounces of and the back to 200F (93OC). the of the cookpot. This the the cleaning compound. the and the cookpot clean, Thoroughly the and the cookpot interior. the of the cookpot, the and the that with shortening as as the assembly the cover, and the cookpot with fresh shortening.