Foodservice GSC61XXXX ESC61XXXX GSC62XXXX ESC62XXXX 306173----ABAE6- GSC11XXXX ESC11XXXX GSC12XXXX ESC12XXXX GSC21XXXX ESC21XXXX GSC22XXXX ESC22XXXX FM the to the
Ready2Cook On/Off Combisteaming cooking Convection cooking Perfection cooking Steaming cooking the Core the with
Foodservice Introduction About this operating Warranty and and information Construction and function of the of the cooking Steaming Combisteaming Convection Perfection and cooking cooking Advanced cooking functions Ready2Cook RackControl Reduced heat SES Reduced of Core HACCP WaveClean cleaning
USB interface and closing cooking chamber the cooking chamber Closing the cooking chamber and closing cooking chamber the cooking chamber Closing the cooking chamber and emptying the and emptying the (with trolley) and emptying the (without trolley) and emptying the Switch on/switch off Switching Switching off Working with the functions the the and the the cooking chamber humidity) Measuring the Connecting the USB memory the HACCP Selecting the cooking the cooking the cooking the cooking operation cooking Copying cooking Foodservice
Foodservice and releasing the memory cooking Loading cooking cooking Starting the Combisteaming the cooking Starting perfection and cooking Starting cooking Advanced cooking functions the the Starting Ready2Cook Working with RackControl Reduced heat function Reducing the Activating the end-of-step service Cleaning cleaning WaveClean the cooking chamber Selecting the WaveClean the WaveClean WaveClean WaveClean WaveClean WaveClean System-supported cleaning the cooking chamber cleaning Spraying cleaning
the Cleaning Cleaning the Drying cleaning Cleaning the of the housing Cleaning the cooking chamber Cleaning the Cleaning the cooking chamber Cleaning the outlet the the top the Correcting the of and troubleshooting Warranty
Introduction Foodservice Introduction to The cooking food and with the racks, sheets, trolleys and The with the necessary, with It to the the following others: dishwasher Drying towels, or Heating or other chemicals Heating closed food) Heating or Heating Cleaning without rails/trolley About this operating This operating of the and information the operating the to them to cleaning and the and The to with the the operating the section information, this operating the of the that this operating constantly the the where the used. this operating to or of the Include from the the instructions, including supervisory or to account of or
Introduction This operating who cleaning and the as as Repairs to the specially trained technical the without they to to their physical, or they the knowledge and to the and the indicated with and The type and of the as as the together with instructions the The of the pictograms and explained section and Chapter and Warranty and The or technically or to technical Furthermore, the of the guaranteed. warranty or to or property they from or of the following of the Incorrect installation, commissioning, or servicing of the Technical to the without the of the of or from the to comply with these operating instructions Foodservice
Introduction Foodservice and DANGER threat of death or serious WARNING threat of death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION NOTICE helpful information Explanation These follow the instructions. Instructions the Instruction, the of the On/Off action Instruction,
information Soiled and greasy of fire to and greasy information comply with the this from to Therefore, when and operating the the operating with and including BGR Working catering The following WARNING threat of death or serious injury. Electricity of shock The of the housing specially trained technical Repairs to the and to the supply specially trained technical the from the supply the cover of the housing. the when the housing of to If off the supply. the ventilated. switches or the supply and/or fire telephone that the the of fire off the supply. the fire with fire extinguisher or ABC or fire with Clean the each the instructions cleaning. Foodservice
information and of burns to of to Foodservice Wear insulated protective operation. the of the cooking chamber enough and Allow to cool cleaning. the of the or the of the cooking chamber immediately of burns to the of the cooking chamber slightly first to allow the to Then the the outlet hand the of burns to the of the cooking chamber the cleaning with to cooked food items, heat-resistant with and sealable loading/rack trolleys of crushing the without the the the the the cooking chamber lighting of foods Cleaning of burns caused cleaning Wear protective and when using cleaning the information the of the cleaning WaveClean and of the reach of the instructions the of WaveClean and
information Core overheat the Incorrect to incorrect to to CAUTION heat the with or To the the the To the the Cleaning to incorrect cleaning cool the cooking chamber with head). the with high-pressure cleaner. the with cleaners, scouring or chemically cleaners. the reaction cleaning Clean the regularly. the cooking chamber free of WaveClean cleaning, only the two-in-one GN and from the cooking chamber cleaning. the continually high the below C F). the the food the back its USB memory based memory. USB WLAN, UMTS or Bluetooth or other USB or force to USB memory the USB memory reading/writing and once the completely Foodservice
information Provisions Foodservice NOTICE helpful information the function the
Construction and function Construction and function of the and right: interface (concealed) chamber Height-adjustable Insulated the cooking chamber Steam outlet outlet head Foodservice
Construction and function and right: interface (concealed) chamber Height-adjustable Insulated the cooking chamber Steam outlet head
Construction and function and right: interface (concealed) chamber Height-adjustable Insulated the cooking chamber Steam head trolley trolley and Foodservice
Construction and function Foodservice of the NOTICE the front cover to the Combisteaming cooking isteaming Perfection and Perfection ation) cooking Convection cooking Convection Steaming cooking Steaming Increase or cooking chamber the Switch on/off On/Off Start/stop the Core function the Ready2Cook function Ready2Cook and cooking and cooking The operating You cooking both of these operating the cooking Chamber of and cooking Selection of cooking The shows the respectively assigned function Navigation Selection of
Construction and function Steaming Advanced cooking SES Advanced cooking and allow to the cooking individually. Combisteaming Convection Perfection and cooking cooking Preset Ready2Cook Reduced heat RackControl operation Reduced of The operating the function The cooking however, individually Steaming With the Steaming cooking blanch, and There three Soft Steaming: C F) to C F) Steaming: C F) Steaming: C F) to C F) of that firm to the with and and retained. The food its and Foodservice
Construction and function Foodservice seasoning, and perforated GN with of These allow and the food overcooked. Break of when that the food heated evenly. Chill steaming, and season. Steam the perforated GN and catch the Steam of or to of Steam wheat least of of Steam and perforated with Uncover immediately If necessary, them thickened with with and immediately steaming. Alternatively, Soft Steaming C F) and C F) Soft You to gently, to or to cook or NOTICE than with or steaming. with meat and or when or heating food with such as terrines, forcemeat or when using with the white optimally thanks to the cooking and of the food. Allow yeast or to of C F). poached or the
Construction and function Steaming C F) and C F) foods that easily such as and The cooking reduced about as to the Steaming cooking the cooking C F) and C F) loads. If the loaded, the C F) and C F). Combisteaming The Combisteaming cooking roasting and foods. cooking chamber the food cooking with The food its and such as yeast-based doughs optimally when The the of roasting immediately; searing necessary. Preheat least cooking to other cooking Food to cooking of C F) and The higher the cooking the the food's the the of browning. racks. The of the closed from the to turned the holding the or bones, and seasonings the and or them. Convection The Convection cooking products that capacity. cooking thanks to Foodservice
Construction and function Foodservice to as with other cooking Preheat least Food to cooking chamber of C F) and The higher the chamber the the food's weight the the of browning. To crumbed dishes, products that or crumbed products with Perfection and With the perfection cooking food or GN Production and of as as of to cooking chamber the food or the Preheat the then quickly. this the prewarmed the cooking chamber. thick foods such as dumplings, or to thick Individually the to and heights when to the plates completed. and meat that they and to the Meat should pre-cooked to the to Season and and thermo covers and trolleys the to and the thermo covers Plates of further batches this this the to the To reduce GN with foods that already portioned. and the of Plate and and
Construction and function Table Plate C F)130 C F) C F)130 C F) C F)130 C F) C F)130 C F) C F)130 C F) C F)130 C F) and cooking With the the of the food cooked. with cooking than with other cooking of the function. With the cooking higher than the of the food cooked. This previously The cooking the of the food cooked the with or On with trolley) FlexiRack racks) Foodservice
Construction and function reached NOTICE The higher the cooking the the food's the the of browning. The should least C F) to cooking C F)31 C Steaming F) C F)151 C Combisteaming F) C F)201 C Convection F) cooking C F)99 C F)
Construction and function roasting C F)58 C C F)55 C F) F) C F)60 C C F)60 C of F) F) C F) C F)70 C F) C F) C F)70 C of F) C F) C F)60 C F) Table Recommended cooking roasting cooking The cooking meats. The of roasting retained thanks to the cooking of60 C F)100 C F)); cooking To crusts the the cooking chamber and the operates The Reduced cooking Reduced formation To sear with higher cooking Food without the becoming cooking consists of cooking searing and the low-temperature cooking NOTICE The chamber should only slightly, least C F), the the food to cooked. If the chamber and than C F), that the reached. The higher the cooking chamber the the food's cooking the the of browning. Foodservice
Construction and function cooking without with Chamber roasting C F) C F) C F) C F) C F) C F) C F) C F) Recommended cooking roasting cooking with or without using cooking without the switches to cooking from the first cooking as as the cooking reached. cooking Chamber chamber preheated with the switches to cooking from the first cooking as as of the reached. Convection or cooking cooking Food ready to
Construction and function cooking Chamber Core chamber preheated cooking The advanced function, that high of the cooking chamber the phase The advanced cooking function increase the the cooking chamber operation. with cooking from steaming. With the advanced cooking function, specify which the inactive. This function following to allow the to The with the function. cooking Food ready to Foodservice
Construction and function Foodservice This the food, the and the that the cooking to and this NOTICE using the the cooking chamber that the of the food to cooked. the Ready2Cook The right The advanced function Ready2Cook heats the cooking chamber too cold, too and the cooking NOTICE The function manually necessary. RackControl If products with cooking such as peas, and meat to cooked or the to cooked the function RackControl allows to to cooking cooking reached sounds and the food that ready The cooking this operation). RackControl when plate (perfection). The cooking of thanks to operation. Reduced heat The advanced cooking function Reduced heat lowers the and the to reduced. With heating deactivated. With The chamber turned off. The function
Construction and function roasting cooking NOTICE The reduced heat increases the cooking this reason, the function the Perfection and cooking With the cooking to the food cooked, to further the The following SES Reduced of SES The with The SES the from the cooking chamber and the of the cooking This of from the cooking chamber when the cooking finished. The function the cooking The function activated as cooking than There function allowing to off the SES With the function the operates The function combined with the function reduced to the cooking chamber. Reduced The function reduced reduce the the cooking chamber, that easily Foodservice
Construction and function Foodservice flow, such as or of With the function of activated each of cooking It that action to the sounds seconds the of the cooking (cooking reached). The cooking immediately.The cooking of the The of activated as the cooking of The the cooking chamber from with the active and function of the the cooking chamber to cooking foods containing of The extracted from the cooking chamber and condensed. Core With the the of the food cooked measured with The cooking as as the reached. Core offers the following and overcooking The food High HACCP HACCP Core hourly the HACCP This then or to PC as text
Construction and function Unit type: of CM=cooking steaming, CT= (of CM CT act. CS CS CS HC HACCP the following of the Explanation of the cooking CM cooking this cooking cooking this cooking CT Act. HACCP which the cooking which the reached Foodservice
Construction and function WaveClean cleaning WaveClean cleaning which cleans and the cooking chamber automatically. USB interface NOTICE You operating the optional PC software the software CD. Penny-combination steamers of the and SpaceSaver PLUS with USB interface. USB to cooking other HACCP and archived this only to characters shortened and COOKBO~1.CSP instead of COOKBOOK.CSP. of the and the HAC HACCP 12345678.HAC CSP cooking 12345678.CSP DIA 12345678.DIA
and closing cooking chamber the chamber Turn the to the The cooking chamber the chamber If of the to the Closing the cooking chamber Turn the the closed. The of the cooking chamber closed. Foodservice
and closing cooking chamber the cooking chamber Turn to The cooking chamber Turn the further upwards. The the back to and the chamber Closing the cooking chamber the the with the Turn the The of the cooking chamber closed.
Operation and emptying the and emptying the (with trolley) that food correctly the NOTICE This section the of filling/emptying with trolley (optional accessory). CAUTION of burns to the racks: The the the the U-shaped with to cooked with trolley the chamber Mount the the the The off. Foodservice
Foodservice the trolley to the the Catch of the released. Loading trolley the catch of the trolley lightly. the the the of the the The catch of the released. the trolley from the chamber cooking process. the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the chamber. Empty completely cooking finished. of food from the outlet when and emptying the (without trolley) CAUTION of burns to the racks. with to cooked the chamber the chamber cooking process. the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the chamber. racks. of food from the outlet when
that food correctly the trolley checked. RackCont. T/LTC/... completed. and emptying the CAUTION of burns to the racks: The the the the with to cooked trolley. trolley completely. the chamber the cooking the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the cooking chamber. Empty completely cooking finished. of food from the when Switch on/switch off Switching Press On/Off On/Off The shows the Unit switched Switching off Press On/Off Unit switched off. Foodservice
Foodservice with the NOTICE the cover to the Turn the to items or Press to the selection. the Unit switched Press the to the to the Press the right the with Press the right to the the and Unit switched Press the to the to the
Unit switched Steaming C More Press to the The shows and to the Press The shows the first with the the the to the with Press the right to the The back to the Press the to the The cooking displayed operation. about seconds. The shows the cooking seconds. The then shown the cooking Press the cooking The shows the cooking and the cooking the cooking with the cooking NOTICE hours, Foodservice
C C C C C Press to switch to the cooking the with operation: With of to the and seconds. The to chamber humidity) The cooking chamber currently shown the Info NOTICE selecting the cooking the this cooking shown the Info the chamber with or the DANGER of to the The burst becomes overheated. heat with or other of heat. NOTICE with The the four the measured the cooking process.This that the of the positioned somewhat from the of the food to cooked. the the food to cooked the thickest roasting with bone the to the bone. With roasts of the crosswise to the of the when With poultry, the the of the thigh.
USB memory The USB memory connected. If thaw food the the food to cooked. the food with the the of the cooking chamber. Connecting the USB memory NOTICE USB memory which connected to the interface to their the the switch cover. the USB memory with the to the rear. The USB memory ready to about seconds. The USB memory connected. the HACCP The to HACCP the of HACCP the USB interface with USB memory Press the to the Press to the HACCP Press to the HACCP to Press the right Select to the selected HACCP or Press and the right Select to HACCP from the selected through to the HACCP or overview). The HACCP the USB memory While it the flashes Please the Foodservice
Press the to the USB finished Foodservice Once the flashes the NOTICE If of the already the USB memory the HACCP attached. The USB memory connected. which occurred USB memory Press to the shows the Press the right to the the USB memory While the flashes Please the Once the shows the NOTICE If of the already the USB memory Selecting the cooking Switch the Press The shows the cooking
fresh Meat Poultry products Overnight cooking and that assigned to other Perfection dishes, cooking the cooking The the first flashes. Select the cooking with The shows the of the cooking the of and the respective and cooking Combisteaming C More Functions of the of or the the the Starting the cooking Select the cooking with of the following buttons: Ready2Cook pressed) The the of the and the cooking the first Foodservice
Foodservice C C Steam of the of chamber the cooking The the cooking or when the reached. sounds and the lighting the cooking chamber flashes. Press or the of the chamber to off the or Press Start/stop to the prematurely. Press Press Press the to the cooking The that shown, to of the cooking You the cooking or the cooking operation the buttons Core and
Steaming C C More functions NOTICE apply to the and adopted as Press Core or the with the that the temporarily. NOTICE that and Press The The shows the cooking to the cooking The shows three seconds. Then the to the stand-by cooking The to There of creating Copy existing cooking and the memory. cooking and the memory. It whether first and then or first and then Foodservice
Steaming C C Foodservice cooking The of creating and cooking the as Press Steaming the cooking the cooking the C F), C F) Press Convection the cooking the cooking the C F), C F) seconds. the with Press the to switch and or characters. Press the right to Correction Press The The shows the cooking The Info shows text the respective cooking that selected. to the cooking category. The shows seconds. Copying cooking Each individually. Press The shows the cooking to the cooking category.
Bread, crusty Convection C More Functions Bread, crusty ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU VWXYZ Select the cooking with The shows the of the cooking the of and the respective and cooking the and with further appears to the as as Press The copied. The shows the the with Press the to switch and or characters. Press the right to Correction and releasing the memory the the memory as or locked. Press the button to the to the to the to the memory the memory created, or NOTICE Proceed as to release the memory. Foodservice
SmartMenucooking the USB memory cookbook USB cookbook USB finished Foodservice cooking The USB memory connected. CAUTION of to software to cooking NOTICE cooking USB memory cooking which cooking Press the to the Press to the USB Press the right to cooking While the flashes active the Once the flashes the NOTICE If of the already the USB memory Loading cooking The USB memory connected. with cooking the USB memory cooking which other Penny-combination steamers of the or SpaceSaver PLUS or with software, from USB memory Press the to the Press to the USB cookbook. Press the right to cooking
from the USB memory USB cookbook Once the shows USB cookbook loaded the and the of cooking Unit switched Unit switched Press to cooking to Press the right to SmartMenucooking While the flashes the The of cooking appears. NOTICE If cooking of the already the cooking the Press Steaming the cooking the cooking the the the the food to cooked Chapter Measuring the Press The shows: the cooking the cooking the Combisteaming Press Combisteaming the cooking the cooking Foodservice
Foodservice the the chamber humidity. the the the food to cooked Measuring the Press The shows: the cooking the cooking the Starting the cooking Unit switched Unit preheated least with the Ready2Cook function. Press Convection the cooking the cooking the the the the food to cooked Chapter Measuring the Press The shows: the cooking the cooking the Starting perfection and Unit switched Unit preheated least with the Ready2Cook function. Press Perfection the cooking the cooking
Unit switched the the chamber humidity. the Press The shows: the cooking the the cooking NOTICE Since the of the food cooked the with Press the right The shows and LT to NOTICE cooking with the Steaming, Combisteaming and Convection cooking Press cooking The The shows the cooking and to the the with Press to the cooking The shows the chamber and the Starting cooking cooking without Foodservice
Foodservice the chamber manually to about C F) higher than the cooking with With this function, the selected cooking switched to once the of the food item reached of the NOTICE If the the chamber and the than C F), that the reached. Press the right to the to LT the cooking with The shows the cooking The cooking flashes. the cooking with Press to the cooking Advanced cooking functions Unit switched Chamber below C F) NOTICE If the chamber C F), the function steaming Press the right to the to the to the cooking chamber C F)) and Press to further Press to the cooking While the the shows:
Unit switched The the cooking the active the amount of NOTICE The advanced function and, therefore, included the memory. Press the The the chamber increased as as the pressed. the With the advanced cooking function specify which the inactive. Press the right to the to the the hours, with Press to further Press to the cooking While the the shows: the the active the the active phase Foodservice
Foodservice the CAUTION to health to food the the cooking chamber that the of the Select the cooking pressed. The shows the with If without follows, the shown. Ready If with follows, the shown. Press to the The shows the and the cooking chamber Once the the that automatically. NOTICE The lighting the cooking chamber switched off the Press the to the Starting Ready2Cook The advanced function Ready2Cook heats the cooking chamber too cold, cools too and the cooking
Unit switched RackControl C More RackControl R:>1 Press Ready2Cook The chamber heated to higher than that of the first or Press Ready2Cook The cooking chamber preheated to C F). Working with RackControl Press the right The flashes RackControl. Press the right or to the selection. The shows Select cooking Press the cooking The the cooking The flashes the this cooking the with Press the cooking with The cooking then as the specified the (racks). NOTICE The cooking each necessary. Press The LED flashes. The operates continuously. The shows the with the specified arrow the selected Foodservice
RackControl R:>1 RackControl R: RackControl R: RackControl R: Foodservice with food the cooking chamber, with heat-resistant necessary R1, R2 Select the which to the cooking with the cooking with Press to the this The shows clock to the selected the cooking areas. The shows the areas. sounds when the cooking The clock from the this shown instead of the New the that free. the cooking the as previously Press to RackControl. Reduced heat The cooking function Reduced heat selected manually with each Press when the The shows E/2. With heating deactivated. With The chamber turned off.
functions functions Press the while NOTICE There those functions that the cooking Turn and the function. The selected function flashes. Press and or the function. with as necessary. Press the to to the function activated or deactivated operation. Press of the following buttons Core Select the cooking which to or function with Press the the function with Reducing the Select the function Reduced the with Activating the end-of-step With the end-of-step activated each cooking Foodservice
Foodservice NOTICE The end-of-step activated as the cooking of Press the when cooking Select the with Press the to to the Unit switched Press the to the to the to the Press Select the with The shows the The flashes. Press to the The flashes. the with Press the right or to the The flashes. other as necessary. Press the right to the or Press the to the service the specify the service of the of Press the to the to the
Explanation The F irrespective C/F C reading of the On/off On Lighting flashes Preheat factor Service DD.MM.YYYY memory On/off to the to the Service the with The already when The the following individually Chapter DD.MM.YYYY YYYY/MM/DD MM/DD/YYYY time/winter On At the of the cooking the lighting flashes to the acoustic sounding. It flashes as as the sounds. Increase the preheat factor of of to the from too and only the Chapter service further informa- tion. DD MM month JJJJ or Blocked: or the cooking process. the memory or the cooking cess. operation.The the cooking chamber to C F) the Foodservice
Explanation Normal, Normal Cooling seconds switched the of the off seconds this Normal/inverse Normal C C Steam C C C C C C C C LT cooking C C DT cooking C C T-Core Foodservice higher and of and of At this the C F). to the known. Rotation of and the memory. The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown The cooking this cooking within the shown
Explanation History Meat Poultry dishes, products Overnight cooking Perfection With History the recently and them Foodservice
Explanation memory Foodservice self-cre- ated cooking English GB French Spanish Polish Chinese GB Chinese English SC Swedish (A) (CH) English English You country. that recreated this Select memory and then switching the memory, The shows that created the retained when switching
Cleaning GN and from the cooking chamber Unit switched Cleaning cleaning WaveClean the cooking chamber CAUTION caused cleaning products cleaning the cooking chamber. food from the cooking chamber. The clear. With the the cooking chamber. With trolleys the cooking chamber. cooking chamber Selecting the WaveClean Press the The shows the cleaning to the WaveClean Select the cleaning with WaveClean, hour WaveClean, hours WaveClean, hours heavy NOTICE cleaning the amount of although the cleaning Press to the selection. The chamber heated or cooled reaches the WaveClean of C F). Foodservice
Cleaning Foodservice the WaveClean sealed If the this to the cleaning the cleaning too early or this thorough cleaning guaranteed. the the of the chamber. the chamber reached the cleaning the shows the chamber Unscrew the With the front of the With the of the trolley.
Cleaning and NOTICE necessary: If heavily two-in-one Select WaveClean If scaled: two-in-one clear WaveClean the chamber and with the right The cleaning The shows the cleaning WaveClean The switches off when the cleaning finished. The shows when the restarted. the cooking chamber the thoroughly to or NOTICE Chapter WaveClean of the cooking chamber. the chamber Press the right and that the the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the cooking chamber. WaveClean The WaveClean cleaning function manually. cleaning leads to the terminated. Foodservice
Cleaning Information NOTICE with Foodservice Press the to abort the cleaning NOTICE reasons, when WaveClean WaveClean Discolouring to the of the cooking chamber the This and the of the the Unit Cartridges of clean- the leased the as the chamber chamber Table of and troubleshooting The without the to of exceeding which the cooking chamber. The amount of the cooking chamber normally that the operation of the there white the cooking chamber. The two-in-one clear with which these from building the WaveClean cleaning function regularly. service function too to the service Heater service Circulating chamber too heavily tion Empty outlet cleaning. heavy and manually cleaning. Shorten the cleaning
Cleaning GN and from the cooking chamber Unit switched Clean with the WaveClean cleaning the of clear to the cleaning manually. System-supported cleaning the cooking chamber CAUTION caused cleaning products cleaning the cooking chamber. food from the cooking chamber. The clear. With the the cooking chamber. With trolleys the cooking chamber. cooking chamber cleaning Press the to the to the cleaning. Press the right to the cleaning The chamber cooled or heated reaches the of C F). The shows the chamber the reached, the shows the Foodservice
Cleaning Foodservice Spraying cleaning CAUTION of burns to Wear protective clothing. wear protection because of the formation of or the shows Apply cleaning the cooking chamber cooking chamber, heating and the with cleaner. the CAUTION caused the recommended reaction The of the cooking chamber to the of the used. allow the to than the specified the chamber The reaction the chamber closed. The inactive the reaction The shows the reaction Cleaning The cleaning the of the reaction this the chamber heated to C F). The shows the chamber and the cleaning the cleaning, the shows cooking chamber.
Cleaning the chamber plate Chapter Removing the Thoroughly the cooking chamber about the shower. Cleaning the Clean the Chapter Cleaning the chamber Drying Drying closing the chamber The chamber heated to C F) The shows the chamber and the the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the chamber. Foodservice
Cleaning Foodservice cleaning Cleaning the of the housing CAUTION caused the The splash-proof. the hand shower the cooking chamber. the of the housing with the shower. CAUTION to caused incorrect cleaning cleaners or cloths. cleaners cleaner). the of the housing with and cloth. Cleaning the cooking chamber The with cleaning as WaveClean cleaning cleaning and of the cooking chamber cleaning the of the cleaning WaveClean. You the and hence cleaning.You with the cleaner, thanks to the of the two-in-one Cleaning the together with high the properly. this reason, to the to service life. NOTICE cleaning with WaveClean or cleaning, the of the cleaned. The cleaned each cleaning. cleaners!
Cleaning Clean from the the the roasting. Cleaning the cooking chamber CAUTION of burns to Allow to cleaning. CAUTION to caused incorrect cleaning cleaners or cloths. cleaner. The plate of the cooking chamber the cooking chamber to the and the plate to the when the to its the cleaning. from the with or the back cleaning and allow the to Foodservice
Cleaning Foodservice Cleaning the the outlet and the to NOTICE with of or It to with Inspect the and the connected to the outlet With with (optional), the connecting the and the outlet cleaner the and the of the Then the connecting chamber than C F) chamber clean To build-up of the cooking chamber, should operation. If used, the cooking chamber to to the together with the with the ratio of the that the the the cooking chamber. Allow the of then the chamber thoroughly.
Cleaning Necessary the chamber necessary. the chamber and slightly the This increase the of the the cooking chamber. the the plate top The cleaning. CAUTION of crushing to rotating Disconnect the from the supply the the without the the the the front catch. the the rear the catch. Slightly the and Clean the cooking chamber the the the the catch. the plate the the front catch. the catches. the the the The cleaning. Foodservice
Cleaning Foodservice CAUTION of crushing to rotating the from the supply the the without the the screws the of the the front catch. the the the catch. Slightly the and Clean the cooking chamber the the plate the the catch. the the the front catch. the catches. the screws the of the
Unit switched RackCont. T/LTC/... RackCont. T/LTC/... Correcting This section the to the that with the operation. Chapter the the information the of and troubleshooting Chapter of and troubleshooting, service. the the from the corrected the This the to the NOTICE when this! On/Off about seconds, the switch off. The about seconds, the switch automatically. If the switched off and On/Off than seconds, the to The shows To switch off the and On/Off the switches The switch back to the operating Unit Foodservice
closed the of the service Unit chamber overheated service service Unit STL overheated, cooling STL too Cooling too high too Core Chamber the below C F) of frost operation (service life: Battery years) Necessary service Foodservice of and troubleshooting service Unit closed too Heat to the cooling Cooling restricted or too high phase Unit Allow to cool cooling service cooling cooking service cooling service cooking without service cooking without Core as chamber the chamber service service the of service the the food information Chapter information,
Humidity faulty, active service service Core or HW faulty: UREF0 T- too high service Unit USB memory too another USB memory memory USB memory USB memory USB Table of and troubleshooting cooling permanently turned service service Incorrect Unit USB memory another USB memory USB memory Unit operation) Unit operation) USB memory completely Foodservice
Warranty Foodservice Warranty LIMITED WARRANTY FOR HE NNY PENNY EQUIPMENT to the following Corporation the following to the purchaser only and NEW EQUIPMENT: of and which to or workmanship within years from of installation, repaired or without charge F.O.B. factory, Eaton, or F.O.B. authorized repaired or from of and covered this Warranty. To this warranty, the the to within FILTER SYSTEM: of within caused the of the or other covered this Warranty. REPLACEMENT PARTS: and which to or workmanship within from of repaired or without charge F.O.B. factory, Eaton, or F.O.B. authorized The warranty covers the or of the and includes charges and charges of round of year from the of installation. The warranty covers only the or of the and include charges the and of or other to the or of EXTENDED FRYPOT WARRANTY: frypot that to or workmanship of to years from of This warranty frypot that to or such as heating of the frypot without shortening. TO YEARS: this frypot that to or workmanship charge or freight. frypot or or TO YEARS: this frypot that to or workmanship the frypot only. freight charges and to the frypot as as the of other replaced, such as insulation, thermal high and the responsibility of the owner. to or the from whom the purchased. allowance repairs without written If the once that THE ABOVE LIMITED WARRANTY SETS FORTH TH SOLE REMEDY AGAINST HENNY PENNY FOR ANY BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHER TERM. BUYER AGREES THAT NO OTHER REMEDY (INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENT IAL DAMAGES) SHALL BE AVAILABLE. The warranty apply to from or the or defaced; or and THE ABOVE LIMITED WARRANTY IS EXPRESSLY IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EX PRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITYAND FITNESS, AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES ARE EX CLUDED. HENNY PENNY NEITHER ASSUMES NOR AUTHORIZES ANY PERSON TO ASSUME FOR IT ANY OTHER OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY.
Warranty
Foodservice Corporation P.O. Eaton, OH free USA by: MKN