Duct Mount 707U 356686-001C 707U-UK 356686-002C CAUTION: installation, operation, and instructions operation. the when with electricity. of Introduction Specifications Capacity Selection of Selecting Location Physical Unit and Warranty cover
Introduction Dear Congratulations choice of humidification family to breathing winter to advanced products that the of the breathe. The following information with the of and helpful to performance from Introduction The of properly Relative Humidity) They include both as as the of and F) Relative (RH) than to without humidity. of setback about of heating this possibly the heating season, brought the and heated. heated, this and greatly increases its to of to this increased holding rather than from and the surrounding furnishings the properly and efficiently operating of Quality and comfort. the of Specifications of Unit Duct Mounting GPD GPD GPD 120V/ 240V Unit DIA Wall mount (707U only) Duct Mount Mounts of or of Wall Mount (707U only) Mounts than assembly Universal mounting options warranty Includes mounting Includes mounting Includes to through
GPD= capacity) The reference and based the following: F/35% foot height of pound hour of This chart A.R.I. Tight Home to insulated with tight and and of hour. Home insulated and fireplace, there or of hour. Home or insulation, weather or and often effective of fireplaces. as high as hour. type operates the of and the the If the the recommended of the heating season to the first heating season, the the every month to establish the cleaning Clean the the of each heating season, or whenever appear to impeding the of the the the months, with cleaning from the the turned off and the If the to cooling to the or the to the OFF Footage of Tight (GPD*) Capacity Selection (GPD*) (GPD*)
Selecting location the Mounting of or of mounting the of or the of its operation: Mount the the or the least four of the and /or and the This that within the and oxidation Mount the least (preferably from cleaner. to follow this arcing and or supply If the seams the the least three from the seam. If the humidification of the than each should of DO NOT this the or supply of forced heating This reduce the of the and DO NOT mount the DO NOT the where DO NOT
Mounting the (707U only) selecting location the of as free its operation: the where the of the closet, stairway, the location of the please the following The should least below the and from the The should about and from the If this the the of least traffic. The should located to the through the should directly the of the This includes, to lights, light and DO NOT the where Indicates recommended locations Indicates locations Selecting location the
Physical trained HVAC servicer or should this the to the thorough of the should completed operation. to follow these the warranty. to location that readily inspection and cleaning of Allow of clearance front of the and below the to allow and to this the instructions to operation. to follow them the or the the to
Mounting the of or of Mount the template the of the with the of the template with the of the The of the the template with to of the (as shown the mounting the with screws and washers the the this With and heavy of straighten the to to and to the the around the to the rough of the and to the mounting to the with sheet screws and washers the vertically the of the mounting the and the this with screws and washers (provided). The and assembly factory to of the If necessary, the to the to the other mounting the its the assembly to rotates freely. the the mounting with the and assembly facing the location. that the the and that the The should approach the the however, should the There heat to the of the (the the Physical NOTE: The following items located the assembly (plastic) mounting The following items located the SM/STD Template screws washers Cold mounting Bracket should
Physical Mounting (707U only) the template and mount The first. to follow the noted as A, B, and C the the template with to of the through the as shown the template mounting the the using the anchor and washers through the as shown the of the using or NOT II this NOT through the as the the other of the higher Measure the thickness of the using the I) the template. This to locating the the through the and the II the This the the the of the II of the or NOT through the the template from the the previously the the anchor each of the and mount the mounting to the with and washers. The and assembly factory to of the If necessary, the to the to the other the assembly the that the with the operation of the and assembly. Interference rotating the assembly within the NOTE: The following items located the assembly (plastic) mounting The following items located the TW template template anchor hose The following items located the SM/STD washers mounting Bracket should
mounting the its the assembly to rotates freely. Mount the the mounting with the and assembly facing the location, the least to traffic. that the the and that the the the Mount the template using the of the reference. to the previously the template secured, the the or the the thickness of the the thickness, the the of the and walls. The of the (provided) PLUS the thickness as the the to the The of the to the with the the the and securely with hose provided. the of the the the the white pointed UP. the to the The of the should that of the the with hose the the of the that the the of the should the This to Connector Physical
Physical mounting locations the the supply the instructions the If the of type of the and to the attaching the to the and assembly, the to the and the or This allow the to the of that the process. the to the and assembly with the and (provided). The and assembly when the to the Turn the the the the to IMPORTANT: where overflow hose from the overflow to NOT the become heated and the NOTE: The following items located the identified: SM/STD assembly Water
This to wired directly to the integrated The to the whenever the blower operation. the instructions the or operation of this to follow these instructions and therefore, the warranty. the from the the the input leads to the leads that to the blower This the operation of the the heating season. The when the blower operation. It recommended to with 707U) the to performance when If the installation, ON/OFF switch its This effective, of turning the off the months when humidification Duct To Blower o WARNING shock, injury, or property It that the properly HVAC or following NEC and other
installation (707U only) -Dedicated o the the location of that least from supply mounted installation) or (free installation). The should four and the of the and to from within the If the to off the electricity to the throw -switch Turn the to the highest and the should to The should when the turned off. the and the RH recommended). of this If the the disappeared. NOTE: It the to reach
To the of properly cleaning to both and household or which bacteria or appear the the or of crusty or appear and of that of the To the efficiency of and to reduce the of health recommended that the following Follow the cleaning and instructions below and the The amount of and other greatly, therefore, the of cleaning the the heating season, or build-up the or cleaning to the efficiency of the such as cleaning or to build-up, should become At the of the winter humidification season, and thoroughly as of the shutdown. heating and and cleaning to the and operation of to the operation of the and to to reach the humidification CAUTION cleaning or servicing this recommended that the disconnected from supply
instructions mounted the of of or mounted constructed from to performance operation. The permanently and The thermal protected To the Turn the to the OFF or off the switch to the provided. the leads. Turn off the supply from the and from the from the mounting the from the the of the and upward. the assembly from the the from the of the If the the the of the seconds to the through the that the the top of the and clear of this cleaning operation. The and become formations The of of bleach to the each the the the to freely. force the to or With the assembly clean the thoroughly. water/white or cleaner. Reassemble and remount the and the and leads to the turn the supply from the and
ITEM 707U-UK 707U PART NO. DESCRIPTION DISCHARGE DOME MOTOR COVER RETAINER CLIP MOTOR BASE DIFFUSING SCREEN D9P IMPELLER M3 SCREW, SET CUP 8A IMPELLER PUMP VIBRATION DAMPER 35P CENTER PAN CENTER PAN SUPPORT DRIP TUBE 92P FLOAT VALVE ASM 47BP PAN MOTOR VOLT 15A MOTOR VOLT MOUNTING BRACKET EXTENSION NOZZLE NI 3526BO-002C HUMIDISTAT NI IN-2ST SADDLE VALVE NI BEZEL NI NOT ILLUSTRATED
Warranty This warranty covers and installation. The warrants that from and workmanship and service. The covered they appear within months from the of as of purchase, to the and of this Two-Year Warranty stated below: THIS LIMITED TWO-YEAR WARRANTY W. P.O. IL This warranty to who purchased the other than of covered this warranty items, such as and If, within the warranty or service, heating and/or conditioning (preferably the CareCo charges or charges to or such or If the or found inspection to such and workmanship it repaired or free of option, and to the of this two-year warranty, the the or of within of its discovery. If reasonable from the or writing CareCo Service P.O. or or which or become of CareCo freight or of such This warranty apply to or that or to or operated and serviced to instructions; operated the factory rated capacity; or such that its performance affected. There warranty to or ordinary wear and tear. to of or and include the of the of charges to or such or CareCo of of of or other indirect, or with to or property, whether as of breach of warranty, or otherwise. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. warranty CareCo of merchantability, or other warranty or statutory), or other than those forth the of this warranty. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE LIMITATION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. the right to the and of its products without incurring obligation to incorporate such completed the effective of such CareCo Service P.O. Warranty