CIRCLEOP.QXD OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS CIRCLE STUDIO MONITORS
CIRCLEOP.QXD
CIRCLEOP.QXD INTRODUCTION PRECAUTIONS SERVICE CIRCLE features and active) (active only) Active Circle Circle CIRCLE and active) (active only) Active Circle Circle CIRCLE features (active) Active Circle LOUDSPEAKER CONNECTION Circle and Circle active Circle and Circle Circle active C LOUDSPEAKER POSITIONING Surround surround TECHNICAL DATA CONTENTS Circle
CIRCLEOP.QXD HHB Circle and built with customary to More than years and of to of the professional The Circle and Circle both active and together with the Circle of and surround sound professional applications. they every performance with and clarity. The HHB family both character and appearance. Great consistency their and distinctive Circle sound, matched the Circle and to freely combined surround without to the sound. or and further strengthen the family With their high and the HHB Circle of features. The the Circle from injection moulded with thickness its free and with the active Circle and with switching, input LF and phase the Circle Circle every or Whether of or surround sound the HHB Circle to and to With their they offer These operating instructions the the of and clear and information whatever INTRODUCTION Circle
CIRCLEOP.QXD The active HHB Circle to to operation. The following should This earthed. the should from of outlets that ground Should with the ground the XLR input should disconnected, the earth The earth NEVER from these the the the supply. should and To fire or shock this or to or when or the the internal Should HHB Circle service, it or to HHB authorised Please the and the protected The responsibility caused to ownership that and the user with this Please the following purchased: PRECAUTIONS Circle the the active Circle and Circle the rating of 2A type the Circle 5A and Circle 1A, or type the 3A. The to the performance of the first hours of to the of the and recommended that should hours attempted. BEWARE HHB Circle of high sound to high as this hearing HHB Circle or workmanship of from the of purchase. This warranty become the or with HHB or to the of this the of please SERVICE Circle
CIRCLEOP.QXD of HHB Circle the clean, sound required. Their sound and them the highest applications. The Circle Polyswitch to the from input. other protection which to the affecting the of the sound which immediately to the the Polyswitch the Circle to the and LED. of to cool off, the switch the from and CIRCLE KEY FEATURES Active and sound, both and off Tight, low-end performance with injection moulded increased and bass Individually tested cooled Polyswitch protection Shielding allow to and finished Active 120W LF 70W HF Switchable inputs; XLR or RCA tight, low-end performance anti-thump off and Individually calibrated, and active sound that the smoothing heat effective heat CIRCLE
CIRCLEOP.QXD Active Circle Rear MIN MAX Circle Rear
CIRCLEOP.QXD The of the HHB Circle when or the Circle features the allows the Circle to to or The Circle as of surround sound or active, they sound which both clear and the HHB house sound. CIRCLE KEY FEATURES Active High sound Acoustically chassis coupling with smooth, sound with Individually tested cooled screened to finished CIRCLE Compact Nearfield Active 60W LF 60W HF Switchable inputs; XLR or RCA anti-thump on/off mounting integrated Advanced mount assembled PCB and field Individually and active characteristics to recording or
CIRCLEOP.QXD Active Circle Rear MIN MAX Circle Rear
CIRCLEOP.QXD The Circle active the to the Circle and Circle surround sound applications. the found and the HHB Circle greatly the of With its built-in active of to the connected to the Circle allowing its on-board to from the other their whilst to these high With this Dedicated directly from or to the Circle or the internal the information from the and right input (B C information from the and right input and to the performance. The Circle LF mounted the top of the of the acoustically front CIRCLE KEY FEATURES as of surround sound Increases the of to Exceptionally and characteristics Air-cooled and throw with input of or information extracted from the and right and internally (B or (C to the input within the Circle XLR and RCA input and active the supply with smoothing phase allows with existing combinations bass bass of to theory) allows of sound the whole surround finished Distinctive CIRCLE Sub-Woofer
CIRCLEOP.QXD Active Circle Sub-Woofer Rear
CIRCLEOP.QXD LOUDSPEAKER CONNECTION Circle Circle Circle to match and The HHB Circle to with and RMS, and the Circle should with of to Watts. of the of the to that the the connected to the the amplifier, and that the the connected to the the amplifier. Connecting of the of phase of and incoherent or heavy-duty thin wire. The function of to the amount of with the amount of It therefore to with cross-sectional this reduce the If the too thin, the and heating Where to the of each Circle Circle Active to the active HHB Circle and Circle XLR or RCA switch selects the input. The active Circle and should connected to supply IEC should switched off when or to or from the or when the of the switch, the and internal amplifiers about or (approximately thirty or there interference the of the (from instance), to XLR as to induced The the active Circle and acts as its highest, the input and the amplifiers input of 1V. The to this correctly to that the of the or other that the to of 1V. The allows surround sound Circle Active Sub-Woofer The HHB Circle active containing built-in amplification and active with Circle and Circle surround sound Its input and allow and to the other The HHB Circle three of operation, switch the these B and C. The or caters earlier of surround sound or the HHB Circle there surround sound With the input allows from (or surround sound or recorder, this physical to the the other their directly from the the the outputs (normally right, surround and right surround) connected to the the HHB Circle and the to the This the (below from the The from the SUB input information from the other This used, the the
CIRCLEOP.QXD efficiently. This of the of the Circle high the HHB Circle B the bass extracted from the and right and from the SUB input. The and right (or and right) to the XLR and the (below from these together and to the The of the from these from the and right (or and right) as to Circle or Circle This allows with both and LCR With the HHB Circle C the bass from the and right and together with the from the SUB input XLR or RCA This of that bass the Circle C The three the HHB Circle allow each surround input the of the without affecting of the other that through the of the The bass of The function of this to the of the ear when The should normally when to high the increased as the reduced. Please that the HHB Circle to and high to the the sound and capacity of the The phase to smooth of the Circle with other the surround this the phase of the through the to with the other the whatever The phase should to the smoothest the and bass with the and high the Circle surround with the and the
CIRCLEOP.QXD LOUDSPEAKER POSITIONING Circle Whether or surround sound of the as this greatly the of the sound. sound from and therefore them or the HHB Circle and Circle free-field the the following when STEREO LOUDSPEAKER PLACEMENT The Circle and Circle should upright from boundaries to reduce reflections. them their as the the Both should the from the The Circle and Circle should slightly each other, as to the and height where the ears with the Ideally, the and the should the corners of where of length: The should too to the within this the greatly affected when this The should from corners and than three there interference caused the reflections of the from the walls, which the and the of and At these the sound from the and reflects off to with the sound. At higher sound from the directional, causing of with interference. the Circle or Circle top of this the of the sound off the of the with the sound from the Instead, the slightly and the
CIRCLEOP.QXD SURROUND LOUDSPEAKER PLACEMENT The surround sound three front and surround each upright from the often to the typical of HHB Circle with Circle that the height ideally, this that the with the ears. to the sound of the HHB to Circle and Circle the surround The front three and right, Circle 5s, with of Circle surround and right surround. and effects, as the HHB Circle often rather than actually heard. surround the Circle only often with wavelength of to often to the to the or slightly to of the without the from the to each of the should the If the the of the should the There and as to the of the and right surround this as fact, recording and their surround mounted trolleys, each to them their C SUB RS LS
CIRCLEOP.QXD Circle Transducer Units LF: Custom NRSC high linearity low-loss self-sealing chassis and shielding HF: cooled high efficiency focused field Amplifier 100W. 60W. PCB, critically Connectors each finish. Circle Transducer Units LF: Custom high throw surround. high and HF: Custom cooled with chamber. high and Amplifier 200W. 120W. PCB, critically Connectors each finish. Circle Sub-Woofer Transducer Active chamber Units LF: with high throw surround chassis. Air-cooled free input (effects) 1V RMS. LF phase. Active through and XLR Advanced high semiconductors and throughout Amplifier 160W on/off circuitry. supply with service life. Connectors XLR L, C, R, rear, rear. XLR and RCA XLR L, C, R, rear, rear, to to to 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each with perforated HHB NW10 6QU, UK HHB USA LLC CA USA HHB Street East, M5A 4L5, TECHNICAL DATA Circle Circle Active with the of internal amplifier. with 1V RMS. 60W 30W Active active LF and HF. Advanced high and throughout Amplifier on/off and supply. Connectors Switchable XLR or RCA 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each Both active and Circle Circle Active with the of internal amplifier. 1V RMS. 140W 70W Active active LF and HF. Advanced using high ICs and throughout. Amplifier LF ICs HF IC. on/off supply with service life. Polyswitch protection with LED Every reference Connectors Switchable XLR RCA 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each Both active and Circle