CAUTION: READ INSTALLATION, OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY FOR SAFE OPERATION. EXERCISE EXTREME CAUTION WHEN WORKING WITH ELECTRICITY. G-200/300 Duct Mount
of Introduction Specifications Capacity Selection Mounting Locations Troubleshooting....................................9 of Unit and Warranty..............................................14
Introduction The of properly Relative Humidity) They include both as as the of and F) Relative (RH) than to without humidity. every of setback about of heating this possibly the heating season, brought the and heated. heated, this and greatly increases its capacity to of to this increased holding rather than from and the surrounding furnishings the Introduction
Specifications To the efficiency of and to reduce the of health recommended that the following Follow the recommended cleaning and instructions. The amount of and other greatly, therefore the of cleaning the the heating season, or the and monthly and establish cleaning allow or to the or which reduce the of the such as cleaning or to build-up, should become At the of the winter humidification season, and thoroughly clean as of the to the of the heating season the heating and conditioning and cleaning to the and of Specifications of Unit Duct mounting GPD GPD GPD Unit Duct Flow thru 24VAC Wall/Duct Mount 24V Right or Mounts Bypass: or round screw the cover assembly Attractive finish, Cleanable internal protects the G-200 Flow thru 24VAC G-300
Tightness of Footage of The reference only and based the following F/35% Humidity foot height of pound hour of This chart A.R.I. Tight Home to insulated with tight and and of hour. Home insulated and fire there or of hour. Home constructed or insulation, weather or and often effective of fireplaces. as high as hour. This operates the and It of the highest to performance and This that operates when the blower operating and the which the or humidity. there humidity, flows the and through the Warm, through the where and to the and throughout the There this reducing and The located the of the allows to from the The that the process. located the supply the amount of flowing through the NOT to the flow of using the It to or closed. the the The should inspected and cleaned of Tight (GPD) Capacity Selection (GPD) (GPD)
the and the the Turn the and operation. Turn the to the highest and the should to (the should when the turned off, or when the blower off). the and the Relative typically recommended, to reduce the whenever to The noted the relative the both and protection of furnishings. of the of too high relative humidity. Recommended Relative (F) Recommended Relative Humidity
instructions the mounting template Read the instructions the or operation of the to follow these instructions and therefore, the warranty. WARNING injury, death, or property that the properly HVAC technician or 120VAC terminals that to the Since these terminals with the relay the the These terminals or connected to these 120VAC terminals interlocked to the the of the 120/24VAC to the terminals the the secondary of the to the and SPST The then whenever the and there humidity. without 120VAC or 24VAC with or the switch of SPST-NO interlock relay to wired with the switch. the and the this relay Wired with the of the NO relay, typically 24VAC. Wired with the and heating of the blower typically 120VAC or 240VAC. inductively coupled relay the of the blower.
Mounting Locations This the supply or The supply the location of higher there the the the It recommended that when the this location with service. If the conditioning the with to clearance cleaning, and cleaning. location "A"
of as cleaning and to and operation. The necessity to substantially the of through supply, which the Other household containing and its the and ultimately, the The the of these To the of properly cleaning necessary to both and household or appear the the or of crusty or appear and of that of the cleaning the and of this However, and cleaning of quality. the first heating season, monthly and establish the cleaning to reduced efficiency and/or to house and property. If cleaning of the should of the to reduce the of cleaning. Water to the of the supply however, and reduce the operating of To Inspect and Clean the Water Turn OFF the supply the turning the clockwise. the from the INLET of the using wrenches, the and the INLET the from the using or NOTE: to the Clean or the as the and the to the INLET the Turn the back ON the To Inspect and Clean the Turn OFF the supply the turning the clockwise. the from the OUTLET of the wrenches, the and the OUTLET the the of the and inspect and Clean or as NOTE: NOT to the the the to the OUTLET the Turn the back ON the
To Inspect and the It recommended that the the to operation. of quality. Disconnect the supply to the OFF the supply the turning the clockwise. the screw the of the cover. The screw attached to the cover. To the cover from the the and then the reassembly. the located the It that to the the and assembly from the to the the and Inspect the of the and and from the assembly and the from the and the assembly, with the facing that of the of the the and assembly to their the the to that clear of If the with and the the the of the the cover and the screw. Turn the back and to the of Heating Season Down: Inspect and and Turn supply off the Turn off. the installed.
Common Q. too isnt the A. This of the from homeowners with There factors that The factors the of the and insulated the properly). The from something as as the high enough to the and New and the to quickly. These to their reached. that and often allow the internal to the The of such as and the If or about the of the inspection and Q. The the this A. The or high of and allow the to to whatever If sealed tightly, the the wasting electricity and Another installation. The to with the blower. Q. Water constantly flowing the and that wasting Should concerned? A. Flow-thru to the action of flowing to continuously and from the when the HVAC and there humidity, increasing their and the and appear to with the HVAC turning ON and OFF, servicing necessary. Q. Where the that A. supply with the Q. round. What the months? A. the to the OFF installations, the ductwork that allow to off the from the HVAC This cooler from flowing the and wasting electricity. Q. How the and the of home? A. The the the the the expands and as the and this the to ON and OFF. If please CareCo Service P.O. Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Symptom turn Water flows through the constantly around the with Water with or too tightly insulated too or the velocity through the too high the located the CareCo Service P.O. or or Corrective Action the Clean or and Increase the the Turn the counterclockwise the with the or around and Increase the (this the Increase the the service or Clean the service or the service or
of the flow of to the The clicking sound as the and If this to correctly, continuously through the and the supply that and the cleaned or when impeded or humidification reduced. Allows to as through to efficiency. Located within the of the the amount of that flows through the and right or allows the to of installations. allows of Water Distribution allows of of the effectively the through the cleaned of
Item assembly 24VAC only) assembly only) restrictors only) with Unit cover Water assembly G-200 G-300 G-109 G-109 G-125-12 G-125-12 G-206-6 G-206-6 G-217-12 G-217-12 G-123 G-123 G-139 G-105 G-105 IN-2ST IN-2ST G-109 G-125-12 G-116-6 G-128-12 G-123 G-139 G-105 IN-2ST G-109 G-125-12 G-116-6 G-128-12 G-123 G-105 IN-2ST
Unit
Warranty Warranty This warranty covers and installation. The warrants that from and workmanship and service. The covered they appear within months from the of as of purchase, to the and of this Two-Year Warranty stated below: THIS LIMITED TWO-YEAR WARRANTY W. P.O. IL This warranty to who purchased the other than of covered this warranty items, such as and If, within the warranty or service, heating and/or conditioning (preferably the CareCo charges or charges to or such or If the or found inspection to such and workmanship repaired or free of charge option, and freight to the of this two-year warranty, the the or of within of its discovery. If reasonable from the or writing CareCo Service P.O. or or which or become of CareCo freight or of such This warranty apply to or that or to or operated and serviced to instructions; operated the factory rated capacity; or such that its performance affected. There warranty to or ordinary wear and tear. to of or and the of the of charges to or such or CareCo of of of or other indirect, or with to or property, whether as of breach of warranty, or otherwise. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. warranty CareCo of merchantability, or other warranty or statutory), or other than those forth the of this warranty. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE LIMITATION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. the right to the and of its products without incurring obligation to incorporate such completed the effective of such CareCo Service P.O.