ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS and of Microsoft Corporations. U.S. of Corporation. U.S. of Apple Computer, Inc. and of Incorporated. and or of their respective COPYRIGHT The information contained this to without warranty of with to this including, to, the of merchantability and or or with the furnishing, performance, or of this Reproduction, or translation of this without written of as allowed the copyright PhotoDesiree, (written Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese), or and other countries of Hi-Touch
SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions these instructions reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the the and the to of the and to overheating, these or covered. the or other should the Theirs products should or or heat or built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of the outlet the to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service FCC INFORMATION The Interference includes the following This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the
instruction, interference to there that interference installation. If these interference to or reception, which interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. of these products through as they or that fire or shock. of the the outlet from that to which the connected. The users should or this without written from this authority to this
CE Information
to Family It to onboard as the of family. thank and this the of long-term association. Through offers creativity, age become of and treasures. with and from dictionary. what about. Distinctive and than The of It the where memory
USB USB allows to with or that USB of Software that to its performance. the software allows to creative and and other features The the brightness, tones, and Catching the distinguish when to that than With Thermal with and to photo the of with other that the
of Light Turn the The to and LED about seconds. Then LED to If please to This the to the Please the the and when the the The back and forth the cover and
located the front and back of the Please allow from the of the These to cool the operation. ID To Please the the top of the Ribbon Cartridge Ribbon to the Please to the of the process. Please clear of the process.
Switch This where turned or off. USB Connector Please USB to the to other such as PC and other peripheral and information.
Chapter the the the of the Please the USB connected to PC Turn the The of the LCD appear, and ready the further operation. If the USB connected to PC, the PC (Shown the LCD), the function the Flow Introduction of the The full-function interface, the as follows: inches TFT LCD Totally 60K and performance the the editing and related information through the OSD (On Screen LCD ESC MENU OK Arrow EDIT PRINT
OK Confirmation. Confirm the chosen or the of the editing. ESC to the or the The of the OSD. the aborted the the Editing of the OSD, please to Press this and the chosen batch. -The Function Totally the functions individually. ID -Memory the active memory (CF/SM). Please to to switch the manually. Operation Flow: Press the arrow the to or OK Press the UP and arrow to the to Press OK to and back to the choosing the Press to the batch DPOF
Press to and If (CF and SM) already only the first active, to the memory please: the other the and the selection switch Information The the thumbnail of the the the EXIF the the with the thumbnail There that the the properly: -The thumbnail or the EXIF The of the thumbnail the too -The memory -The of the than 6M only 5.8M -The of the than bytes. Information Editing the the anytime to the the functions Press the arrow to the four Press the and Right to the rotation, right clockwise and counterclockwise). Press the to and the to and
Brightness: Right increase and Contrast: Right increase and R/G: Right tone and tone B/Y: Right tone and yellow tone OK: the and back to Editing -OK: the and back to It about to seconds to the when the Editing the the and of the ID Flow: Press the arrow the to and the ID Editing to choosing other Press to the ID batch Press to and The function the ID Editing the ID selection, switch 2-inch ID and 1-inch ID 1-inch ID: 1-inch ID 2-inch ID: 2-inch ID Index: Flow: Select the of then OK to Press to and Flow: Selection
Select (A-D) the of and OK to the Select the to OK to It to seconds to the to another A-D, and selecting the to Once the of to the Press to and Flow: Press the arrow to to then OK Format) Flow: Press to and Flow: Press to and Select function -Card Selection Press and arrow to switch CF and SM Press to the of the the memory with the Press OK to and Please memory and completely the firmware the related information about firmware, please to
Press PRINT to the the According to the of PART and PART which match the to the and -LCD Select functions Brightness, R/G, B/Y Press and Right arrow to or increase the Press to the and back to the Press and arrow to operation interface -About and Please "Software CD" CD-ROM If CD-ROM please and CD-ROM Select and
the following finish, to this as or
Please "Software CD" CD-ROM USB to or PC this If CD-ROM please and CD-ROM
Select and the following
The of Not Found. Please to Then this to finishing. Press OK to At this USB to and PC, then the the automatically.
this USB to search already without Not found Please to the this finished.
XP) Please Software CD CD-ROM If CD-ROM please and CD-ROM Select and the following
USB to and PC, then the XP to search already XP shows incompatibility, to
the XP this finished.
PhotoDesiree Please "Software CD" CD-ROM If CD-ROM please and CD-ROM Select PhotoDesiree and finished, "PhotoDesiree" the "PhotoDesiree" "PhotoDesiree" and
and There of
While the please the of the tear to the Please follow the to the
the tear-line the the notch Press the "ID to the "Ribbon
right to right-lower "Ribbon Cartridge" the "Ribbon Cartridge" and the Please to the while the "Ribbon Cartridge". finished, "Ribbon to
Cord" to "AC "USB to the other to PC.
Turn "AC Switch". LED the ready. If LED or please the You "New found" the The about seconds. and finished.
Click the from the to
to Press to Press "Print" If appear. then
Chapter PhotoDesiree This chapter to with information the of PhotoDesiree software. PhotoDesiree the surroundings of It ordinary to extraordinary. It the vehicle that countless PhotoDesiree PhotoDesiree professional and easy to interfaces. The software allows to and cards. With creative toning buttons; options sharpness, brightness, PhotoDesiree right home. worthless with PhotoDesiree priceless. (New of each thumbnail. The
PhotoDesiree, please of or and or higher) or
Concepts Follow the A: Select B: effects. C: to then
originated function. to and operation. and Path A: Path B:
HTF HTF Format) following HTF PhotoDesiree. HTF including and HTF as COLLECTION: You HTF, as this with HTF the recover to the HTF as FILE: You HTF, the with BMP
Functional PhotoDesiree from the shortcut the or clicking or that to and directly from DSC DPOF DPOF This icon-based To the info. of from the Direct Indexed Right Arrow and It of the of the the of the this function NOT the physical to command to selecting from Clicking this right arrow to the Another option to the than the automatically.
It selection of A6 4X4 to Height the vertically the to the the the the To as photo and of this section. including ID photo, Card, Credit Card Photo, and You the selecting the the These selections offer the to that the another from the to sharpness, and text to cards, and business rotated, or other Photoshop, Photoimpact, and If software, the would gray-scaled.
to and Load, to the command to the from Click arrow to function the the Select as easy access. If there gray-scaled. and clean the
Click the from the to
to Click the arrow Click the
ImagEnhancer: light Click the from the to
to Click ImagEnhancer. Templates of appear the
Click the Text to such as and choose
Click the the right. Click the arrow Click the
Click the from the Click ImagEnhancer. Click the top Click and month follow type of and background Click the the
Click the the and the follow Click the arrow Click the to
ID Click the from the Click and the right below and ID One Inch or the right to the ID combinations. (If to and and and Click the Click the
Card Click the from the Click and the right below and Card. the right to the business combinations. Click the ImagEnhancer.
Click the Text the top text and selection. Clicking Click the and or Click the right and Click the the right and back to
Click the arrow Click the
Click the from the Click and the right below and the right to the combinations. (If to and and and photo. Click the arrow Click the
Click the from the Click Icon. the right to the combinations. (If to and and and Click the arrow Click the
Coating and the Coating function, choose the built-in or or to editing: to whether or to the X): the to the the Y): the to the the
You to which to graphic and white Threshold (Threshold): The threshold the to and white graphic with Edge Detection (Edge The the when and white graphic the of the the of the
the as template of the analytical to of the You to the directly, and the of the immediately.
Chapter You choose and right Properties, the every The
This of It of with selection the top selection and selecting please the review.
to the below selections of or that the You the right arrow to selection. the below of that the arrow the right to selection. selection please below "New the to or option of "New With this to existing
This allows to or from software that the of the You selection them from the below. Please or to selection.
This ONLY when Microsoft It using this LAN You as
type of photo. You from photo, and choice of clicking the choice or ID of selection. the of that to
According to choose the that matches the You the of PART and PART to the and Preference This option of tone the photo. to selection from of pre-toned from the AREA C. conducted clicking the the selection. If to nothing the selection the and to the location of accomplish finishing, the apply the If instruction please the
About This section shows the copyright information of this and
You choose and right Properties, the with the and If other mentioned, please reference with info of You Location, and to with others. Please
Preferences Preference appear These functions the as Please "win98
through USB. to to that Connected.
function the the Function: the of preview from the of the You the chance to and everything. Brightness, sharpness and factor, the the specified the or inches.
Uninstall Uninstall Uninstalling If to or to Action: Choose "Uninstall USB then "Add/Remove".
Then to the finished this Uninstall to
Uninstall "Uninstall USB Then to required. Finished Uninstall
Uninstall Uninstall USB Then to
Uninstall to
Troubleshooting Please follow the instructions below troubleshooting when with the the the to Section troubleshooting. Alternatively, the displays to Section troubleshooting. LED and Troubleshooting the LED the front of shows light, which steady and operation. Once the the LED The of and troubleshooting as shown the following the concurrently, the to when there and then the repeatedly. of Ribbon or properly or cover properly closed to the Generally, with as Ribbon the ribbon. or there the properly placed. Rearrange the and they properly placed. NOT tear the immediately the the of the and Please off first. seconds, the Troubleshooting installation. If please the and the cover to the
type mismatch. the software, the photo or other than the the Memory when the PC other that the and to the and the following and the PC to the heavy Word, or other Concurrently such as the and the PC to improperly; Concurrently the released from the Then the to the If the the please Customer Service or Distributor of www.hi-ti.com Please the Please the type of the that matches with the software If using PhotoDesiree the type the as below: the type panel]/[Printer]/HiTi USB /[Property]/[Paper PhotoDesiree reduce the chance of the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the Please to concurrently to the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF and otherwise USB to the USB and reduce Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off and the PC. seconds. If the there, please or
action of Please and the head operation. If such please the or I/O operations the the Photoshop graphic of onboard memory
and If the immediately, the first. Please follow the this section troubleshooting. the the and the cleared Troubleshooting or offline. properly, or the USB connected properly. type The type of matched, type of the software, the or other than the the Thermal head overheat The the The when the too high, the heat to the below then the Cord whether the properly connected and the If the and then the of the steady the USB whether the USB correctly connected to the PC, and the USB to the PC the USB connected to the properly, and the USB to the Please the Please the type of the matches with the software If using PhotoDesiree the type the as below: the type panel]/[Printer]/HiTi USB /[Property]/[Paper while the head cools The automatically. If using the of the Please that such covered the warranty. Please the air-conditioned
Ribbon Ribbon or or the cover closed Ribbon concurrently with Ribbon cover NOT tear the immediately because the the of the and Please off first. seconds, the the the released from the Then the to the If the the please Customer Service or Distributor. www.hi-ti.com or there the properly placed. Rearrange the and they properly placed. function or (about to the too high and to cool the of operating too high, the operation. Ribbon or or the cover closed These phenomena from the and installation. If please the and the cover to the installation. If please the and the to the PhotoDesiree reduce the chance of the of such
or or memory or DC The or incompletely. You to or You to temporary as follows: The from the PC that other of and to the the following Concurrently and overloading to the PC. Word, or other that of of and the and to the PC; Concurrently I/O operations to the to graphic memory onboard only because: users the authority to otherwise WIN the authority applications. Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the Please to concurrently to the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard You the INF and otherwise USB to the USB and reduce Chipset Software: Chipset Software: Turn off the and the PC. seconds. If the there, please or Please to the the installation of the You the from the Please the authority as and then
The of the too The of the should to 800X600 or to the PhotoDesiree software properly. Please the of the to 800X600 or You the of the the [Start]/Control The recommended 800X600 or 1024X768; High
Chapter Q&A of and Uninstalling Where Can Service This Product of PhotoDesiree
Q1: What the of turning off the A1: Please off the switch the off the or the while off the from while Q2: Where the of the A2: of the the attached CD. the PDF and to the attached CD). Q3: A3: Q4: What of A4: Please YMCO Q5: What of and A5: Please and Q6: to the of A6: purchase the CD. from the Q7: to the type? A7: please the of type. You about the type and the selection. Please USB 63xPL/Property/Set Up/Photo and the type If PhotoDesiree the type from the If other software please to the instruction selecting the type. Q8: What the of the A8: To the please the the and then with the to of to the or to the heat and the please the sunlight.
Q9: What the of and A9: To the of photo and please and back the to of the to the photo and or heat and the please the and sunlight. Q10: the the too A10: Please with to high photo, then to comply with basic or Please to the of Microsoft Clear the or the of the Q11: What the A11: It SE, ME, and Q12: Where the related software? A12: The software the attached CD. Q13: the indicating light A13: Please the connected to the and the turned If cord, please the to the and the switch of the Q14: What the interface the and PC? A14: Universal (USB). Q15: What the USB the A15: USB and Q16: of the USB Q16: Please the USB within the to PC and Q17: there the of USB of the A17: or the Please operating the or If the USB to the to the to the first of the
If USB to the please the with such USB Q18: to off the when the A18: It to off the when the Q19: the there A19: You both and You the or to the or this action the and the of the Q20: the there A20: of or of concurrently the occurred. If the please to and then the and the back the directly the and If of the concurrently, please the back the and the to of unmatched occurred. the with and the and the to You off the while acts of such as please using this Q21: should the A21: The the automatically. the the of of ribbon to to the Q22: Who the software A22: related to the and PhotoDesiree, Customer Service the following or the www.hi-ti.com Q23: What should the
A23: Turn off the the the and the or too Tear the and the the Q24: What the cover while A24: The the Please off the and the and then the seconds. gently the from the or the front of the The the photo Please that the Q25: to the correctly? A25: Please the of the with right hand, and the arrow the upward. the and the the to the of the arrow. the Q26: to the correctly? A26: Please the of right hand. the and Q27: If the exhausted, where the A27: You from the where bought or information from the Q28: If the the the the A28: recommends that the the sealed to heat, or the Q29: the the A29: Please directly the YMCO Ribbon to the themselves. Q30: or of other A30: Please the or of other Since and thickness, torn and the stickiness of If with such as type mismatch, to or Q31: clean the thermal head?
A31: Please the and the of thermal head gently. and Uninstalling Q1: New Hardware the SE operating that the installed, what should A1: the of the CD the CD-ROM and then the CD and the introduction of installation. Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD ROM Drive/63xpl". Q2: If ME operating New Hardware the what should A2: the of the CD the CD-ROM and then theCD and the introduction of installation. Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". Q3: If operating New Hardware the what should A3: the of the If please and then the as the the CD the CD-ROM and then the CD and the introduction of Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". Q4: correctly the SE? A4: the CD the CD-ROM then the CD and the introduction of installation. Please the to the introduction.
If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". the the appear, please The to and the to the as the selected, the completed. Please and the of the turned the the USB and the of Q5: correctly the ME? A5: the CD the CD-ROM then the CD and the introduction of Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". the the appear, please The to and the to the as the selelcted, the completed. Please and the of the turned the the USB and the of Q6: correctly the A6: the as the CD the CD-ROM then the CD and the introduction of installation. Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". the installation, the appear, please unknown software appear the please The to and the Completed! Please the and and the installation. Please Please the and with the USB Turn the then the New USB Found appear.
such as the USB interface search the of such The of New Searching the of This appear. Please Then Not appear. Please the copied, then the completed. Q7: the SE correctly? A7: Press "Start/Setup/Control Program/Uninstall USB Press or The the appear. Press The restarting the appear. Press Q8: the correctly? A8: Press Program/Uninstall USB Press The the appear. Press The restarting the appear. Press Q9: the correctly? A9: Press Program/Uninstall USB Press The of the appear. Press The of restarting the appear. Press Q10: the SE, ME, or A10: Press Program/Uninstall USB Press the CD the CD-ROM then the CD and the introduction of installation. Please the to the introduction. If the CD automatically, please the the the Computer/CD-ROM Drive/63xpl". Q11: The and connected, the USB what should A11: whether the whether the USB too (recommended length: within whether the USB the
whether the USB properly whether the USB properly operating The ME, or Q1: If what should A1: the Not from the or software. Q2: If Ribbon cover what should A2: Please the cover closed properly. Q3: If the of Unmatched what should A3: Please the and the properly. Please YMCO Q4: If the of of ribbon, what should A4: Please whether the exhausted the such that the arrow the and the of Please whether the the the the photo the rotating the the (with to the the ribbon. found, the If the If hear the sound of rotation, the shows the of of ribbon when to then the and the Then the to the location of the If the of the then the or the of the the of the then the of the Please the where bought this or Customer Service If the exhausted, the to please the where bought the Furthermore, YMCO
Q5: If the of Memory what should A5: Please other or Please Increase memory capacity. Q6: If the of what should A6: Please other or Please Q7: If the of what should A7: the and connected properly. the of the from other Q8: If the of offline or suspended when what should A8: the and connected properly. the selected The factors of other offline of VIA chipset or DIY. If the there offline-printing recommended to the following the USB to another USB of the PCI interfaced USB Card, and such PCI USB Card or of USB generally, and try to the USB to of the Purchase of USB and such to of USB that the You the USB to of the that to through the and the offline Q9: If the of memory when what should A9: PhotoDesiree the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as
If too please them. the from the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF and otherwise USB to the USB and the Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off the and PC. Turn the seconds. If the there, please or its Q10: If the of when what should A10: PhotoDesiree the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the from the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF updated and otherwise USB to the USB and the Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off the and PC. Turn the seconds. If the there, please or its Q11: If the of with when what should A11: PhotoDesiree the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the from the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF and otherwise USB to
the USB and the Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off the and PC. Turn the seconds. If the there, please or its Q12: If the of Read/Write function when what should A12: PhotoDesiree the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the from the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF updated and otherwise USB to the USB and the Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off the and PC. Turn the seconds. If the there, please or its Q13: If the of Read/Write timeout when what should A13: PhotoDesiree the of such Please PhotoDesiree as as If too please them. the from the while the of USB the or chipset motherboard). You the INF and otherwise USB to the USB and the Chipset Software: Chipset Turn off the and PC. Turn the seconds. If the there, please or its
Q14: Print, the A14: choose to such choose the of the Q14: If the to what should A14: Turn off the and the the and connected properly. the and and the Q15: What should the of empty ME, and operating A15: the whether there of the If the there, off the the and the properly placed. Turn the the the Q16: What should the of type mismatch ME, and operating A16: the the matches the the software. the Q17: What should when the completely, or A17: the the properly the the location where the whether enough of it back to allow the of the without its and Q18: What should A18: Please the immediately because the the the and to then. Turn off the first. Turn the seconds. The and the released from the Then the gently, and the easily. If the the Customer Service or the www.hi-ti.com
Q19: of the A19: photo the of the upward. Q20: What of should A20: Please 4x6-inch photo or Q1: the the photo from that the A1: to know created. The shows and thermal sublimation yellow, red, and the thermal fact, to distinguish the and reflection of these visually. to the property of therefore the reflection to the that shows of properly to the correctly. Photoshop that the and such function included the of high-level suction to the to the and software and than software only. matching the should know that to Please to related and of matching To the from to the please the following: ICM or Q2: to the A2: the to the If photo and to the the matches with the the facing upward. high photo. to from It the of wire, USB or software.
If the there, to and Q3: What should graphic to to A3: recommends to or graphic Q4: to the of incorrect A4: the of correct. whether the of properly from the torn the to the from USB 63xPL/Property/Tool. Q5: to the A5: whether the of correct. the facing the to the photo. If and to the Q6: to the photo red, and A6: the of correct. the of properly from the torn Q7: How to the of the A7: the the software matches the to the instruction software of If erected the Q8: to the of incorrect or A8: the the software matches the the the Uninstall and the Q9: to the of threads or the A9: to the thermal head, internal or Please them with cleaning to the or the or
necessary. this or the with of Q10: to the of scratches the photo? A10: the thermal head. Please with the cleaning the feeding path. Please it with the cleaning Q11: there the photo? A11: You the You the You the Q12: there or the photo? A12: The memory of the The properly. cleared properly. Q13: What the photo outputted the A13: You the to the Q14: the photo with Photoshop, PhotoImpact, or the as the A14: Photoshop, PhotoImpact, or function of matching the Therefore to the manually. The software, PhotoDesiree with the the function of the It recommended to this software Q15: there the photo? A15: The the and become such the Q16: there the photo? A16: The input AC the with other high electricity. Q17: there greasy the photo? A17: There grease to the feeding/exit or The grease cleaned the and such
Q18: What should when found that the of the the of 1-inch or 2-inch A18: You the the from USB 63xPL/Property/Tool. to the and then 1-inch or 2-inch photo. Q19: the and the A19: Click USB 63xPL/Contnet/Tool. Click Setting/White Optimization/Printing to the the of the testing photo From the of the the the that with the torn of and the of the which with the Then, from the of the the photo, the that vertically with the torn of and of the vertically with the Q20: the Effect? A20: To the the photo, the function the Click USB 63xPL/Property/Tool. Click Setting/White Optimization/Printing to the the C of the testing photo, then choose the and the of the with the C Q21 What the cleaning the cleaning A21 Please following the below the cleaning Purchase the cleaning the amount of cleaning the the cover. the the Tray-Front. Clean the paper-feeding the of the Tray-Front. Clean the thermal head. the cover. the the Tray-Back. Clean the outgoing the of the Tray-Back. It ready to
Where Can Service This Product Q1: Where services the and its related software? A1: There of the You service from the Q&A this CD. The PDF browsing. included the CD). Please the from whom purchased the photo service. 24-hour service, and the following please purchase and of the www.hi-ti.com Q2: Where the accessory the A2: You the and from the Q3: What should the with USB A3: Please the whom bought the Q4: What should the with cord? A4: Please the whom bought the Q5: What should the with A5: Please the whom bought the Q6: What should the with or A6: Please the whom bought the
To the function of the and its related software, and should the following or PC with Microsoft operating and the recommended least or Microsoft operating SE, ME, or 64MB of memory (Recommended 128MB or 100MB of CD or DVD related software. SVGA or higher or USB with Microsoft of PhotoDesiree Q1: What the of the PhotoDesiree? A1: the of to or and high or or Q2: choose A2: Choose from TWAIN interface to from or Choose from Q3: choose the type of A3: and Q4: What the of the torn-edge A4: Three and Credit Card: and 1-inch Photo: and 2-inch Photo: and Card: and and and Q5: What chosen the A5: and Q6: What chosen the A6: Three and
Q7: What should graphic than the A7: To too the manually the graphic to the height, or from the of to the the of the Q8: the A8: Select the to function. Select to function. appears as as the software to the Q9: the processing, the A9: You Publishing to the You the the of .htf, and Q10: write the photo? A10: Select to Text to the text Q11: the the A11: Select to and the of the the You choose from to It chosen, and chosen. The background using Text/Background. Q12: How the of the A12: the to the text the The text shown of the You freely to the of the or of the text the Q13: What the function of the type the A13: The type the such as and checking the with these three Q14: What the of the the PhotoDesiree A14: It Format), which and PhotoDesiree. At other software the reading of this Q15: to the the A15: Click the directly, and selected and then If to please Ctrl while clicking the and then selected and Q16: How or the function of this software?
A16: to the clicking the the to the functions of this software. www.hi-ti.com
Specifications Thermal Continuous-tone each to inches inches with boundary Ribbon Cartridge (YMCO) I/O Interface USB 218(W) 210(H) 140(L) with 64MB RAM and PC Optional cord, USB CD Application and Supply 100~240V,50/60 Thermal Continuous-tone each to inches with boundary Ribbon Cartridge (YMCO) I/O Interface USB 218(W) 210(H) 140(L) with 64MB RAM and PC Optional Accessories cord, USB CD Application and 100~240V,50/60
Warranty October revised Hi-Touch products warranty A. of Warranty warrants to the that the products specified from and workmanship the specified which the of purchase the customer. Customer of of purchase. software products, warranty to to instructions. warrant that the of or free. The other concerned with software warranties, please to of warranty covers those which as of of the and apply to or or Software, interfacing, ribbons, photo or other or software or Their warranties and services should the the specifications. as the photo to and of the services. products, the of or or charge its
and charges to service the the of If receives, the warranty of software, or which covered warranty, the If the warranty of which covered warranty, or the option. If to or as which covered warranty, within reasonable of the the purchase the B. of Warranty TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, NEITHER NOR ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. C. of To the allowed the this Warranty the customer's and To the allowed the specifically forth this warranty or its third indirect, or whether based tort, or other theory and whether of the of such D.
To the that this Warranty with this Warranty to with such such and of this Warranty apply to the customer.
Customer Technical WEB If the and from You updated and templates Customer If products function and the products one-year from the purchase, free service provided. please that: You these You this troubleshooting You If this from to them to Please following information, and the S/N. from photo printer/Properties/About") PhotoDesiree from PhotoDesiree) Brand of PC. (such as Application and (such as PhotoShop when this and occurred the
Info Address: 3F, City, County FAX: