This section procedures the and of the within the to the Troubleshooting section. It the of the malfunction. This section of the that together within the The below. the You to to the the to the closed, the should otherwise noted. the to the the infinity. the cookpot with shortening the cookpot or recommended. shortening splash burns The from the to easily the of cooker. This high which the of the shortening. If the shortening 420F (215C), this switch and off the heat to the the of the shortening to the manually The located the the front of the cooker. This allow heat to to the cookpot.
high to that its closed. The shortening below 380F (193C) to accurately this to the to the the or turning off the or shock the the wires from the high Manually the then continuity the terminals the If the the then with this (If the closed, the high the wires.) to the the or turning off the or shock If the or cracked, the off The shortening from the and the the shortening. screw
from the cookpot. the that threads the the high the front of the and the screws that high to the high from and screws. and through cookpot To shock or other the and from wires and The NEVER such where the the as shown and from and cookpot of high as to with or when cleaning the cookpot or to With pulled front with shortening.
The Switch three switch with OFF With the switch the POWER the With the switch the PUMP the the heating suppled to the the or turning off the or shock OFF should anywhere the switch. from: to closed to closed from: to closed to closed the the wires of the Switch. These and which With and wires off of the switch, the switch to from the with switch, and wires to switch following the the
The relays the shortening to the If becomes PROB the Also, the of tion than 10F or C, the should as follows: to the the Switch to the OFF and the or the off or shock the shortening from the cookpot. the from PC board. wrench, the the the from the the and the and the the inch the cookpot, inch fryers. Tighten tight and then with wrench. force to PC board and shortening. Turn ON and
COMPLETE CONTROL Should the the as follows: PANEL HENNY PENNY to the PRESSURE REGULATION The as of the of the cooking process. Once the sealed to the cookpot, and the the the cookpot. the Switch the OFF and the and/or off the or shock the screws the and and the to the Board. lined-up correctly, such backwards, or to the The and and which the following The following the Every Clean and Inspection and and tears wear necessary or cracked or
The Assembly easily cleaning or servicing. the assembly., Turn the Stop Bracket the of the the back when the the The the and burns when touched. allow the to to the Stop the the front of the it upright the the of the the holding the the upright or
The surrounding the of the to reversed. HENNY PENNY RECOMMENDS THAT THIS BE DONE EVERY DAYS. of heat and the the cook- process, the constantly stress. the every to that the through the the upright as thin screwdriver, the the corners. the the tears or If the to replaced. that the while the upright or serious Clean the and seat with the with the facing the the four corners of the and smoothing the from the corners.
The the back of the the of the to allow and closing of the The attached to and about One the weight and the used. The other and off the becomes or the catches the and the weight allowing the to or closed. the back shroud of the With holding the weight another the Unthread the from the and the attached to the and Thread each of the Screw the the wrench, tight. wrench, the (already threaded the the the the and the Thread the other of the through the of the the screwing the through the the becomes
LID COUNTERWEIGHT (CONTD) NOTE The should with the The that the PRESSURE PAD to the Tighten the the the back shroud. the the four screws the cover and cover. the back, off of the wrench, the head screw the screw the and the NOTE If the worn, and the other of the used.
If from around the the LID ADJUSTMENT or If the worn, and the other of the used. Section Other the to such as cracked or or properly. caused too should operating to section. these should checked, or serious burns
With the and the the should with the when the lowered. The then to the If the to the the plate Follow these the the back shroud and back shroud. the the plate and both then the to the If the other and back This electromechanical that to the cookpot. The the of the cook and the of the cook If this should become dirty, or the Teflon seat The internationally). The internationally). procedures! the Switch to the OFF the and/or service from the or shock the wires from the which found the wires. RESULTS
to servicing the necessary to the the right of the the top of the housing. the cover. If the to replaced, the wires the the housing. the and the wires the of disassembly. The wires connected the screws the and the wires through the If the assembly sticking to of shortening, breading, and food with the following Unscrew the assembly from the the assembly and the assembly, and the these If Teflon to replaced, to otherwise, of disassembly. and with smooth and rounded of the of the replaced. If they should replaced. from the of
SOLENOID VALVE (Continued) OPERATING CONTROL VALVE With the assembly and assembly the One the to the the other attached to the the from the the screws which the to the the and Teflon seat. Clean the O around seat with and O assembly first) through IN of of and the Teflon BE CAREFUL NOT TO MAR OR NICK THE SEAT. NOTE The O that the and reassemble If the replaced, follow and this section. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REMOVE THE VALVE CAP WHILE THE FRYER IS OPERATING, or burns or other The operating located the back of the The of the and to the right of the the operating properly, when OPERATING ZONE the the The should normally the operating If the builds to the and releases from the
OPERATING CONTROL VALVE (Continued) Cleaning AT THE END OF EACH DAYS USAGE OF THE FRYER, THE OPERATING VALVE MUST BE CLEANED. The OFF and the released. the and then the ORIFICE CAP WEIGHT and REMOVAL CLEANING The should cleaned once OF SAFETY VALVE SAFETY VALVE DO NOT MANUALLY ACTIVATE THE SAFETY RELIEF VALVE. released from the when the pulled. from or burns to the operating the building too and burns both the and with cloth. to thoroughly clean the seat, and around the and immediately to or to while operating, or burns or other wrench to the from the turn counterclockwise to
REMOVAL CLEANING Clean of the with OF SAFETY VALVE NOTE (Continued) Turn the the of the when PRESSURE GAUGE the of PRESSURE GAUGE the and Cleaning the and the from clean and the hours. to The It factory to pounds of If or DO NOT DISASSEMBLE OR MODIFY THIS VAVLE! with this serious and agency and warranty. If the shows or reading when should the screw the the indicating to the the and Clean and the
The which of the and the other of the the other If both The turned or off, the light. To or property this the switch to the OFF the the or the service the Turn off the to the and and the supply to or the four seconds the switch turned to Turn cock to the OFF cock from cover from wrench, from Unscrew from outlet the Measure from to of and the from to wires from the screws and from and
the three screws from back of and from Reassemble
The blower the to the heat the If the blower the the to the to the the or turning off the or shock both the from the ground and ground wire. wires right, back of from the blower hose and hose from blower. screws from the which the and and blower assembly from the three from the back of the blower and the blower from blower of procedures.
The reduces the to those with to the the to the the or turning off the or shock the from the right the the to the and the wires from wires to correctly. with
The switch the flow of from the blower. If the reduced below amount, the switch to the which the to the to the the or turning off the or shock from right hose from switch from wires from switch. wires to switch wired correctly. the switch and switch. switch
The to the and there each the the microswitch should activated, activated the The the microswitch screwed or to the microswitch. to the to the the or turning off the or shock from right wires from wires to insure wired correctly. the the and to the to the the or turning off the or shock The following should to the Switch the right the microswitch and microswitch from
the terminals the Switch. If the Switch The should the of the Switch. To switch, to switch and switch of to the switch. NOTE: CLICK of switch while The when the pulled and the shortening of the both of to blower section blower). Unscrew shield from Unscrew from
The each of the The with or L.P. blower the the bustion the chamber. Both should orangy-red while the continuously chart with this observation easily the located the front of the If the of with the following: A. Both the orangy-red. to the to the the or turning off the or shock the At the back of the the blower and the shield the front of the blower. the shield the the the shield. back to the and Switch to While the continuously, the shield to or the blower and the of the they both orangy-red to chart.) the the the the blower shield and
to the to the the or turning off the or shock both the the each of the the the to and Switch to the While the continously, the shield or both orangy-red. to chart.) Tighten shields and to the to the the or turning off the Turn off the supply to the and and/or the supply to the or the of the wrench to and head screwdriver, the screws the the and and off
Right and off of Screw and thread threads insulation from mount the insulation the of It the mount assembly and the insulation around the while the tion. Also, the the or the and section the of this and supply to Follow thru instructions, right and ground and the assembly. assembly from Follow thru the instructions.
The electrically and the of the creating combustion the chamber. It then the combustion and the to the If combustion the the off the the switch the should each porthole the front of the If with the following: to the to the the or turning off the or shock the and the the leads to the The should ohms. The following with the closed and the switch the should applying reading, and leads, or shock Also, The should from the If found from the leads from the then the If found to as follows: to the to the the or turning off the or shock the
The the the shroud the and leads. the screw the the and insulation the and the through the the The or of when the with screw, leads and and the operation. the with the of the off of the and the of the the from the The should when the to injury. With each arm, release from the and allow to the
3/V the the back shroud and the back shroud. the to the and from the screws the front shroud, and the the
the front shroud and the of the Thread the through the track the front shroud. the the the front shroud the and to the to the back shroud and