Duct Mount 465-C1 CAUTION: installation, operation, and instructions operation. the when with electricity. of Introduction Specifications Capacity Selection Physical of Unit and Warranty
Introduction Introduction The of properly Relative Humidity) They include both as as the of and F) Relative (RH) than without humidity. Since every of setback about of heating this the heating season, brought the and heated. heated, this and greatly increases its to of to this increased holding rather than from and the surrounding furnishings the properly and efficiently operating of and comfort. the of Specifications of Unit Duct Mounting GPD GPD GPD 24V Unit Duct Wall mount Externally mounting Right or without assembly Observation front warranty Capacity Selection Footage of Tight (GPD*) The reference only and based the following: F/35% relative foot height of pound hour of This chart A.R.I. Tight Home to insulated with tight and and of Home insulated and there or of hour. Home constructed or insulation, weather or and often effective of fireplaces. as high as hour. capacity) (GPD*) (GPD*)
Physical to location that readily inspection and cleaning of This should located the of the mounted the supply of the Please that the of the reduced this trained service should this the to thorough of the should completed operation. to follow these the warranty. to this the instructions to operation. to follow them the or and/or property the the to ductwork and the mounting template to the selected location. and the as the the template from the the the as the notched of the through the and the the to the to the the Mounting Plate to the with and If the Plate the Mounting the Mounting Plate to the with screws and (provided). CAUTION Mounting plate Duct Screws Duct
the with the its from the and then the top from the the off the of the top and the to the the the top of the the of the Mounting The round should to the or right, as necessary. The top that the the the Mounting Plate which of the and around the assembly. the closed of the assembly the and the other the U the the notch to the NOTE: NOT the to the to the the both the outlet of the the to the Mounting Plate The the top. the the of the top and the to the assembly the based the instructions located the the the instructions the and the supply. The should below the of the If necessary, the assembly to the Physical Top Mounting assembly
this heating or where from overflow, hose to the NOT the directly to the heat and the Mount the Increaser to the the of the Increaser the of the and with or to Increaser and the location "A" assembly
This to wired of the This to the causing the to constantly. shock, or property It that the properly HVAC technician or following NEC and other the instructions the or operation of this to follow these instructions and therefore, the warranty. 120V HOT 120V COMMON HOUSE GROUND FUSED FURNACE SWITCH/BLOWER OR FUSED CIRCUIT WITH INDEPENDENT WALL SWITCH Turn the to the highest and the should to The should when the turned off. the and the RH recommended). of this WARNING PLUG-IN TRANSFORMER (NOT PROVIDED) OR INSTALLED TRANSFORMER LOW VOLTAGE VAC) HUMIDISTAT HUMIDIFIER
This 465-C1 operates the of operating properly, the turning freely through the observation as the through the the specially rotating assembly. completely Working with the heating blower, of the bypassed through the and humidification of the The with or the the recommended of the heating season to the first heating season, build-up the every month to establish the cleaning Clean the the of each heating season or whenever appear to the the You easily to the to higher and through the observation flashlight If the properly, the to the back to the the the months, with cleaning from the the turned off and the If the to cooling to the or the to the OFF and the and assembly. At the of the heating season, the and assembly to their location. It recommended that the each heating season. Turn the the within the and the to the
cleaning the and of this Inspect the once month and the the supplying the which or white. It to to the This of bleach or cleaning and of and the only of this The of this the or of the to the To inspect the Turn the to the OFF. the to the OFF and the from the Turn off the the turning clockwise. the with attached) the front of the the from the and then To the If the appears with the from the and the from the the and While holding the the off the of the the of the slightly and the from to from the the other the from the the from the the of the NOTE: the or to the To to to the
the of the and the from the then and from or from the Clean thoroughly of white and or cleaner. Thoroughly with clean the the of the the to free from the the the and the the and the together. Remount the the assembly the and the the both the of the the to the Mounting Plate The the top. the the of the top and the of the to the assembly the the and the the turning counter clockwise. The should below the of the the the front of the the and to the to the the to the and to the ON.
Unit
Item P/N Top 1201BP 1322P 24V 50/60HZ assembly 1210P Washer FV-17 FV-10 FV-11 FV-12 Closed Cage 1220P Bearing Bracket Bearing 1224P 2408B Assembly 1226A Mounting Plate Plate Increaser 352680-004C shown Assembly 352440-001C C-1
Year Warranty This warranty covers and The warrants that free from and workmanship and service. The covered they appear within months from the of installation as of purchase, to the terms and of this Two-Year Warranty stated below: THIS LIMITED TWO-YEAR WARRANTY W. P.O. IL This warranty to who purchased the other than of covered this warranty items, such as and If, within the warranty or service, heating and/or conditioning (preferably the CareCo charges or charges to or such or If the or found inspection to such and workmanship repaired or exchanged free of charge option, and freight to the of this two-year warranty, the the or of within of its discovery. If reasonable from the or writing CareCo Service P.O. or or which or become of CareCo freight only or of such This warranty apply to or that or to or operated and serviced to instructions; operated the factory rated capacity; or such that its performance affected. There warranty to or ordinary wear and tear. to of or and include the of the of charges to or such or CareCo of of of or other indirect, or with to or property, whether as of breach of warranty, or otherwise. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. warranty CareCo of merchantability, or other warranty or statutory), or other than those forth the of this warranty. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE LIMITATION IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. the right to the and of its products without incurring to incorporate such completed the effective of such change. CareCo Service P.O. Phone: Warranty