This section the instructions the Fry Station. of the should service technician. the with such as or screws as or shock The Fry Station tested, inspected, and expertly to its the The to and then heavy with to withstand treatment. should noted the of the and to his or from from This should retained location reference. this located the below the location, instructions to user This information obtained the
The location of the Fry Station operation, and The location of the should allow clearances servicing and operation. Choose location which easy and without with the assembly of food found that from to finish, and holding the service. the efficiency obtained straight operation, and finished the other assembly with of efficiency. The should such as to or causing splashing of shortening. This accomplished the location the or restraining operation, the should from to and front to back. the around the frypot the the casters the or to of the and to interference with the operation of the station. or heating to The OG-300 Fry Station and to walls. Fry Station with clearance from and inches from and inches from the back. to and fire or building authorities.
the to the This operation of the causing malfunctions and back The factory or the plate the front of the to the supply TE The OG-301 operated of to with to the operation please Corporation to the to other than that specified the Incorrect supply fire or Please to the the following the recommended of the to the supply. To serious with American National Edition National and the building with CAN/CGA Appliances and The and its disconnected from the supply testing of that of PSIG KPA). The isolated from the supply closing its off testing of the supply to or than PSIG KPA).
INIMU~I PULL of from to Disconnect AVOID SHARP BENDS AND KINKS when from properly, and reduce Connector life.) Couplings and hose should the as shown DO NOT OFFSET COUPLINGS-this torsional and This the to hose the Allowing as shown right, and the hose to of early the coupling. the or the couplings life. Closing the the couplings, as shown right, causing of the installations where necessary, hose NOT CONNECT METAL HOSE HORI- ZONTALLY then as shown QUICK DISCON. NECT DEVICE while MAXIMUM PULL NOT ADVISED WHILE CONNECTED Please to the below when fryers. to to the building building tion CT1 to building DO NOT to only. Also, the the height as the service. Preferred inches to of service. least shorter than when to or ease of with disconnected to hose
inch, and malleable should service Although inch isreconunended, should of and to supply of to the without of the and the station. The the should inch revisions should the and servicing. This accomplished by: off and or heavy A.G.A. to to service this which with casters, complying with ANSI or CAN/CGA and complying with ANSI or CAN It with restraining to of to the as specified the instruction. to the instructions and where to the restraining to the and to turning the supply the cock the OFF the and checking to the and with If this the lighted.match or to
The following the PROCEDURE lighting and shut-off The cock function: Complete of to the and the the the Partially and the cock to the OFF of to allow which the to least Turn the switch to the OFF Turn the to the PILOT and cock while lighting the Allow the to approximately seconds releasing the cock The should lighted. If the lighted, and allowing of releasing the cock Turn the cock to the ON Turn the switch to the ON the ignition. It sound to the the within the the switch than seconds; to the frypot The should cleaned the instructions section The to the with shortening. to section The ready operation.
lightly and to the OFF The the factory as follows: inches inches V, A, PH V, HZ., A, PH The grounded service. ING DO NOT DISCONNECT THE GROUND PLUG. This MUST and grounded or shock to grounding or of with the National ANSO/NFPA Edition. with to with CSA C22 and/or Servicing of the the of the If service required, the from the The to pulled from the wall.to to rear.
The OE-301/302/303 from the factory wired or or to the below and fusing. KW Phase Amps This and grounded. to grounding If grounded, shock switch with capacity or location the and the Each Hentry Fry Station completely and tested to to the installation.