OE-100 INTRODUCTION This section and of the within the to Section Troubleshooting. It the of malfunction. TEST INSTRUMENTS You to the REMOVING THE CONTROL PANEL SECTION MAINTENANCE continuity light. the to the closed, the light or the should otherwise noted. the to the the light or the To located the to the The following the light to or motors. the switch the OFF Disconnect the from the or the or or shock the located each of the the screw located the of the NOTE
OE-100 REMOVING THE CONTROL PANEL (Continued) THERMAL SENSOR The thermal the shortening If function E6 displayed the Turn to OFF then back to COOK If E6 displayed, the thermal following these with located of the straight to completely completely from to wires board to POWER switch the OFF and the or from the or the shortening from located each of and NOTE
OE-100 THERMAL SENSOR (Continued) HIGH TEMPERATURE LIMIT CONTROL The high which the of the shortening. If the shortening the operating this and off the heat to the frypot. The high light then and manually Disconnect the from the high continuity the terminals the If the the following these If the closed, the high the wires. from that attached to thermal wrench, screw from and thermal straight from thermal the thermal through to the outer of the heating to the thermal this or of Also, when thermal locking screw screw screw and this
HIGH TEMPERATURE LIMIT CONTROL (Continued) from and to and through frypot the and heating located heating from and frypot following these POWER switch the OFF and the or the If the or cracked, the off The high shortening from the frypot. Section the the screw from the frypot. Straighten the that threads the that the high from To shock or other injury, the and from wires and The such where the OE-100
OE-100 HIGH TEMPERATURE LIMIT CONTROL (Continued) NOTE HEATING ELEMENTS With front with shortening. If the shortening's recovery or than required, this heating the shorted or to only. Too tight Heating and the plate to the to POWER switch the OFF and the or the the to Section with wires from If the within the (Cold) N/A NOTE
OE-100 HEATING ELEMENTS (Continued) the shortening from the frypot. the and washers the heating Tighten the to foot pounds of the from the of the which each four and the wires to the as when they the front the to the or the shortening the frypot. the heating from the terminals the and washer. each the the the the the the four the to the of the heating the and washers which the of the through the frypot the heating from the frypot as the and them and the of the frypot. heating with mounted and mounted the of the heating the heating first, the through the front of the frypot. Heating should without
OE-100 CONTACTORS If as follows: The following with the closed and the switch the ON should applying reading, and leads. With applied, increase allow- heat to Heat The from to should the from to each from to It should from to to from to the from to rating stated the to the or the those wires directly connected to the replaced. the wires. the mounting screws the plate and the and the mounting screws. the wires to their respective the to the and the operation.
OE-100 CONTACTORS (Continued) FAN The OE-100 the which operates when the switch the COOK The the cool heat from the and frypot. The OE-100 switching cated the the with the heat to the top of the primary. closed, the the heat It to the heat The of as follows: to the ON/OFF switch to the OFF and the to the the to Section the as follows: from to from to from to from to from to from to from to reading from to reading To shock or other this switch to OFF or Section
OE-100 FAN (Continued) COOK/PUMP SWITCH "PUMP" from: to closed to closed The Switch three switch with "OFF" With the switch the COOK the With the switch the PUMP the the heat. and wires. the four screws, washers, and the to the heat shield. the from the heat shield. the the heat shield and with the four screws, washers, and the wires. hinged to the the or turning off the or shock and wires from Switch. "OFF" should anywhere the switch. "COOK" from: to closed to closed With and wires off the switch, the switch to from the with switch, and to switch following the the
OE-100 FUSES DRAIN SWITCH Each with to the internal These rated Unthread screw to allow to located To switch, screws and switch and switch cover. To shock or other injury, this switch to the OFF the or from To shock or other this switch to the OFF the and/or from continuity should to the switch the outer terminals with of the should closed. If turned, actuating switch, should and wires. wires to switch. and switch and switch cover with the screws and to the switch. of switch while rotating NOTE
OE-100 FILTER HEATER SWITCH The Heater Switch type switch. With the switch the "ON" the heater shortening the to to the the or turning off the or shock and wires from the switch and from top to continuity. With the switch the "ON" the should closed. If the switch following the the of the switch and switch from the front of the switch, wires, and
OE-100 FILTER HEATER This with heater the the If this heater becomes following these from to shock. and wires the which to the heaters. screws that mount the heater to insulation and wires through heat shroud. heater heater wires wires to NOTE
OE-100 FILTERING SYSTEM The consists of the and assembly, assembly, and Shortening with of OF flows through this Heat the hose to age and The hose and should If or the hose should used. burns this hose assembly or the Turn the switch to the OFF the hose BEING CAREFUL, AS THE HOSE AND FITTINGS WILL BE HOT, USE COLD WET CLOTH. This hose connected to the tion. the hose with its to the other the to the To this back the the of the and the other With the the NOTE
OE-100 FILTER VALVE FILTER PUMP REPAIR The inch If this should the replaced. The to shortening that the with breading or shortening cooled and the and This then the thermal to the and the the back of the To shock or other this COOK/PUMP SWITCH to OFF the and service from the shortening from the frypot. the from the the and the from the and and from wrench and the the and reassemble To shock or other this COOK/PUMP SWITCH to OFF Disconnect the and service from the four head screws the of the and the cover. The leaving and teflon Clean the and
OE-100 FILTER PUMP REPAIR (Continued) PUMP REMOVAL To reassemble, and amount of shortening might to the cover plate If the to replaced, inch from the outflow and inflow Then the holding the to the with inch wrench. The should the or should this To the the four screws, front and from Section the and the the inch through the and the and Then the front plate and the screws. from the of the INLET and OUTLET of the the other to the There the of the of the this together and to the front of the NOTE
OE-100 PUMP AND MOTOR REPLACEMENT COOLING FAN The cooling the OE-100A reduces the amount MAINTENANCE of heat the and the heat become "E-4" the The PC boards the amount of heat that the cooling operating properly and flow. To "E-4" reading, which the heat off to the follow the following ONCE MONTH: Turn switch to the "OFF" To the and assembly, the from the To shock, or burns this COOK/PUMP SWITCH to OFF the and service from the cover from the and the attaching wires leading the to the the screws the to the to the attaching the to the hase and and assembly. to of the front, the Clean and from
OE-100 COOLING FAN MAINTENANCE (Continued) If the thorough cleaning, or E-4 cleaning the follow the following and switch Unit ready operation. With to and to If replaced; operating to the the switch to the OFF Disconnect the from the or off or or shock the screws both of the and to the and the Thoroughly and to and ready operation.
OE-100
OE-100
OE-100
OE-100
OE-100