INTRODUCTION This section of with operating procedures and the Introduction, and Sections operating the OPERATING CONTROLS to Item Function Switch switch that to the operating shown and lights when the and the selections the Press to the heat and to through the Lights when the heat that Used to the heat of the shelves and base; and while turning switch to the to off and heat or showing which which shelf; and to the heat SECTION OPERATION To the the front of the and it from the Press and to the heat and to the heat of the shelf; the buttons, to the to and off the heat each HEC-103/104/123/124
OPERATING CONTROLS (Continued) HEC-103 HEC-104 HEC-123 HEC-124 HEC-103/104/123/124
START UP Turn the switch to the ON If the heat the shelves of the front and from the to the Press and and to the heat of the Press and each and to the heat to each shelf. These from OFF to of the below the buttons to which which shelf. Press and to the heat Once front the and them Allow to preheat about Prepackaged food products each shelf. using the heated thoroughly the as the Cleaning Procedures Section of this (or shelf. It from OFF to of The heat meaning the heat of the the heat of the If LOC shows the when trying to the heat this the locked and the the heat of the and shelves to prepackaged whole HEC-103/104/123/124
OPERATION WITH the prepackaged each of the shelves. PRODUCT CLEANING PROCEDURES Serve the first that the the Turn switch to OFF. the supply to the from the each with cloth, and Clean the of the with cloth. Clean the with and cloth.. cleaners. Allow the to thoroughly To recommended. To burns, allow the to cleaning. The the shelf) thorough cleaning. The the of each the other cleaners or cleaners/sanitizers containing or chemicals, as these the shorten the of the and scratch the coating the to clean the or HEC-103/104/123/124
This includes the and SPECIAL PROGRAM MODE testing of the and displays. Turn switch off. Press and both while turning the switch. SP shows P=L or P=U. Press to (P=L) or (P=U) the Press shows the Press and or to the which heat to OFF, or to factory shows the indicating the Press OP shows the Press and release the buttons to to off and the heat each shelf. Press and release to off and the heat Press Press and to the allow to the heat of the shelves the to off and displays and outputs. Press and to the or buttons matically HEC-103/104/123/124