The four first third and each the switch through the items. The the item The right shows the item and the right and Switches. The allows the to the cook and and to four the selected Press and and Switch least seconds. tone sound, and the shows OF and the right shows the The LED and flash. Press the right and Switches to products. Press the switch and shows and the right shows The LED flashes. Press the or right and Switches to to and the LED to the Press the switch and the LED flashes. The displays shows Fry and the right shows the cook Pressing the right and Switches the cook Press the switch and the LED to flash. The shows the right shows the and with the right and Switches.
Press the switch and the LED flashes. The shows AL the right shows the and with the right and Switches. and Press and the Switch to or to The allows the to the selected and the While the first and the and Switches seconds. The sound the (Select) and the right (Product). The Product LED flashes. Press the right or and Switches to to Press Switch and the Other LED flashes. The shows and the right and with the right and Switches. Press the Switch and the Other LED to flash. The shows PC, the right shows the and with the right and Switches. Press the Switch and the Other LED to flash. The shows. and the right shows and with the right and Switches. Press the Switch and the Other LED to flash. The shows and the right shows and with the right and Switches. Press the Switch and the Product LED flashes. Press right or and Switches to another to Press and the Switch to the or to the third
ING Also, with the Product LED flashing, the right and Switches the The LED flashing, the to and the right shows Pressing the Switch allows the to the Section The the to this While the and the Product LED flashing, the right and Switches to the items. The LED flashing. Press the Switch and the LED flashes, the shows and the right shows ON or OFF. Pressing the right and Switches to or off. Press the Switch and the LED flashes. The shows and the right shows the with the right and Switches, and to the to OFF. Press the Switch and the LED flashes. The shows F or C, and the right shows the which with the right and Switches. Press Switch and the Product LED flashes. Press and the Switch to the or to the third The Third allows the to or or and While the third and and switches the sounds, and the flashes and OF, and the right shows ON or OFF. Pressing the right and Switches or the Press the Switch and the displays shows and the right shows OF or C. Pressing the right and Switches allows the to or
Press the Switch and the flashes and The shows the of the the of the and with the right Switches. Press and the Switch to the Press the Switch and the flashes and The right shows the and the right and Switches Press the Switch and the flashes AL and The right shows the of this the of cook and with the right and Switches. The allows the to the or to input/output Turn Switch off, then and the right and Switches while turning switch back The shows and the right displays shows Press and the right or Switch seconds to exited While the the Switch and the shows and the right shows then they switches, and displays. Pressing switch heat. Press and Switch 30113Q21303