Quality First
the fi and known America, and and cooked fryers. the fi years, that of and customers businesses foodservice While to of the business expanded to include the best-built and holding and the foodservice industry. fryers, heated and breading products found the QSR and as as and operations around the and around the At with the products, those products backed the why fi of service and to foodservice the industry century of to the with the ecting Food consistency and and Productivity
Food Quality and Advanced Steam which cook with both and heat to the of the food while New products, with and shortening Food Quality in-house and around the Fryers with and below the heating to reduce cracklings and greatly shortening food and consistency. Ensuring food cooked, and fresh heated and THERMA-VEC easily heat and humidity.
to You and Customers of business and based food options and they that and the and that fi their which includes as as operations, and of cally with this years to fi the and customers that the food cooked and properly each and of foods, the products and the customers.
You More foodservice, productivity and with cally to easy to and easy to products off of that and increased productivity. Easy-to-learn high incorporation of the and cleaning shortened and to and without food quality. Ultimately, the of its to great-tasting to customers, of who
in-house and to and that allow to and the of from other Thats why fryers, and cook/chill ease of cleaning. instance, the WaveClean thoroughly cleans with of button, While shortening protects the of food and the of shortening, built-in shortening this once laborious, time-consuming and easy. With integrated cook/chill and accompanying holding food operations dramatically their to instead of the 12-hour shifts,
performance what thanks to testing that or humidity. of tested to such as products and and This to durability, and of ownership. With the of built to cook of foods, to and the freedom to items without incurring
Quality While the fi thing when choose of smanship, the of than high-grade and polished corners. products than of from to increasing and instance, recovery allow to food while to years. with of years, and to and the of from to the factory of which sound long-term investment
Service From to to purchase as the of relationship, and of to to service assembly and repairs to downtime and With of the United States, and as as reaching offers anywhere the as they active and the useful technology, and fi the to the foodservice that every With that the products, of service that to the high and every of the
To learn about products, and services, FM03-670 Litho U.S.A. Corporation, Printed Fryers Heated and Breading Seasonings and Technical Service and P.O. Eaton, FAX Toll-free USA: FAX