STUDIO MONITORS CIRCLE SERIES Instructions with
Introduction HHB Circle and built with customary to More than years and of to of the professional The Circle and Circle both active and together with the Circle of and surround sound professional they every performance with and clarity. The HHB family every both character and appearance. Great their and distinctive Circle sound, matched the Circle and to freely surround without to the sound. or and further strengthen the family With their high and the HHB Circle of features. The the Circle from moulded with thickness its grain-free and with the active Circle and with switching, input LF and phase the Circle Circle or installation. Whether of or surround sound the HHB Circle to and to With their options, they offer These operating instructions the Circle the of and clear and information whatever
The active HHB Circle to to operation. The following should This earthed. the should from of outlets that ground Should with the ground the XLR input should disconnected, the earth The earth NEVER from these the the the supply. should and Service Should HHB Circle service, or to HHB authorised Please the and the protected The responsibility caused to ownership that and the with this HHB Please the following purchased: To fire or shock this or to or when or the exposing the internal the the active Circle Circle and Circle the rating of 2A type the Circle 5A and Circle 1A, or type the Circle 3A. The to the performance of the first hours of to the of the and recommended that should hours attempted. BEWARE HHB Circle of high sound to high as this hearing Circle or workmanship of from the of purchase. This warranty become the or with HHB or to the of this the of please
Circle of HHB Circle the clean, highly sound required. Their sound and them the highest applications. The Circle to the from input. other protection which to the affecting the of the sound which immediately to the the Polyswitch the Circle to the and warning LED. of to cool off, the switch the from and Circle Active Detailed, and sound, both and off Tight, low-end performance with injection moulded increased and bass Individually tested cooled Polyswitch protection Shielding allow to and ported finished Circle Active 120W LF 70W HF Switchable inputs; XLR or RCA tight, low-end performance anti-thump off and field Individually calibrated, and active sound that the smoothing heat effective heat
Active Circle Rear MIN MAX Circle Rear
Circle The of the HHB Circle when or the Circle the allows the Circle to to or The Circle as of surround sound or active, they sound which both clear and the HHB house sound. Circle Active High sound reproduction Acoustically chassis bass coupling with smooth, sound with Individually tested cooled screened to finished Active 60W LF 60W HF Switchable inputs; XLR or RCA anti-thump on/off mounting integrated mount assembled PCB and field Individually and active characteristics to recording or
Active Circle Rear Rear
The Circle active the to the Circle and Circle surround sound the effects found and the HHB Circle greatly the of With its built-in active of to the connected to the Circle allowing its on-board to from the other their whilst to these high With this Dedicated directly from or to the Circle or the internal the information from the and right input (B The Circle LF mounted the top of the of the acoustically front Circle as of surround sound Increases the of to Exceptionally and characteristics Air-cooled and throw with input of or information extracted from the and right and internally to the input within the Circle (B and active the supply with smoothing phase allows with existing combinations bass achieves of to theory) allows of sound the whole surround finished Distinctive
Active Circle Sub-Woofer Rear
Circle Circle Choosing to match and The HHB to with and RMS, and the Circle should with of to of the of the to that the the connected to the the amplifier, and that the the connected to the the amplifier. Connecting of the of phase of and incoherent or heavy-duty thin wire. The function of to the amount of with the amount of It therefore to with cross-sectional this reduce the If the too thin, the and heating Where to the of each Circle Circle Active to the active HHB Circle and Circle XLR or RCA The should to or the other input, both, with the input switch accordingly. that the active Circle this switch and the and actually switch the should connected to both the from the of both inputs. The active Circle and should connected to supply IEC should switched off when connecting or to or from the or when the of the switch, the and internal amplifiers about or (approximately thirty or there interference the of the (from instance), to XLR as to induced The the active Circle and acts as its highest, the input and the amplifiers input of 1V. The to this correctly to that the of the or other that the to of 1V. The allows surround sound Circle Active The HHB Circle active containing built-in and active with Circle and Circle surround sound Its input and allow and to the other The HHB Circle of operation, switch the these and B. The or reproduction caters earlier of surround sound or bass the HHB Circle there surround sound With the input allows from (or surround sound or this physical to the the other their directly from the
(switch the the (normally right, surround and right surround) connected to the the HHB Circle and the to the This the (below from the The from the SUB input information from the other inputs. This used, the the efficiently. This of the of the Circle high (switch the HHB Circle B the bass extracted from the and right and from the SUB input. The and right (or and right) connected to the XLR inputs and the bass (below from these together and to the The of the from these from the and right (or and right) as to Circle or Circle This allows with both and LCR (switch The three the HHB Circle allow each surround input the of the without affecting of the other that through the of the The approximately of The function of this to the of the ear when The should normally when to high the increased as the reduced. Please that the HHB Circle to and high to the the sound and of the The phase to smooth of the Circle with other the surround this the phase of the through the to with the other the whatever The phase should to the smoothest the and with the and high the Circle surround with the and the
Positioning Whether or surround sound positioning of the as this greatly the of the sound. sound from and therefore them or the HHB Circle and free-field the the following when The Circle and Circle should upright from boundaries to reduce reflections. them their as the the Both should the from the The Circle and Circle should slightly each other, as to the and height where the ears with the Ideally, the and the should the corners of where of length: The should too to the within this the greatly affected when this The should from corners and than three there interference caused the reflections of the from the walls, which the and the of bass and At these the sound from the and reflects off to with the sound. At higher sound from the directional, causing of with interference. the Circle or Circle top of this the of the sound off the of the with the sound from the Instead, the slightly and the
Surround The surround sound three front and surround each upright from the often to the typical of HHB Circle with Circle that the height ideally, this that the with the ears. to the sound of the HHB to Circle and Circle the surround The front three and right, Circle 5s, with of Circle surround and right surround. surround SUB RS LS and effects, as the HHB Circle often rather than actually heard. Since the Circle often with wavelength of to often to the to the or slightly to of the without the from the to each of the should the If the the of the should the There and as to the of the and right surround this as fact, recording and their surround mounted trolleys, each to them their C
HHB NW10 6QU, UK HHB USA LLC CA USA HHB Street East, M5A 4L5, HHB the property of their respective owners. Circle Units LF: Custom high throw surround. high and HF: Custom cooled with chamber. high and Amplifier 200W. 120W. PCB, critically Connectors each finish. Circle Transducer Units LF: Custom NRSC high linearity low-loss self-sealing chassis and shielding HF: cooled high efficiency highly focused field Amplifier 100W. 60W. PCB, critically Connectors each finish. Circle Sub-Woofer Transducer Active chamber Units LF: with high throw surround chassis. Air-cooled free input (effects) 1V RMS. LF boost, phase. Active through and XLR Advanced high and throughout Amplifier 100W on/off supply with service life. Connectors XLR L, C, R, rear, rear, XLR L, C, R, rear, rear, to to to 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each with perforated TECHNICAL DATA Circle Active with the of internal amplifier. 1V RMS. 140W 70W Active active LF and HF. Advanced using high ICs and throughout. Amplifier LF ICs HF IC. on/off supply with service life. Polyswitch protection with LED Every reference Connectors Switchable XLR RCA 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each Circle Active with the of internal amplifier. with 1V RMS. 60W 30W Active active LF and HF. Advanced using high and throughout Amplifier on/off and supply. Connectors switchable XLR or RCA 220-240V, U.S. 110-120V, each with