High Lighting 2.0.0-EN
Lighting High Chris Muenchow and Copyright High Inc. Rights Information and this to without High Inc. responsibility or or that appear this High the Flying and of High Inc., or High Flying Effects and of Flying other and this or of their respective FCC Information This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his Product Warning High products and to the of United States and International regulations. to the and the to High Toute High U.S. High Producto High High
High Information Instructions to protection fire, shock, and to found Please instructions to assembling, mounting, and operating this Informations instructions protection incendies, Informations toutes instructions Warranty Information Warranty: otherwise stated, covered and warranty. It the owner's responsibility to furnish or of purchase, and or If purchase of to warranty Returning Item Warranty It to Authorization (RMA) from or of purchase BEFORE The the as to whether or the covered warranty. Product or to High to the protection of such Product or and such clearly and prominently to that the Product or and with RMA Accompany Product or with written of the or malfunction. Product or to: Texas USA. High
products shipped non-factory boxes and the purchaser. freight shipments accepted. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS WARRANTY IS THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE CONSUMER. HIGH END SYSTEMS, INC. MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCT, AND HIGH END SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANT- ABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HIGH END SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, SUSTAINED OR INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PRODUCT OR CAUSED BY PRODUCT DEFECTS OR THE PARTIAL OR TOTAL FAILURE OF ANY PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN. Warranty the or unauthorized repairs or This warranty rights, and other rights to locality. Third Party Software Acknowledgements AMD: This the Catalyst The include software distributed the Software tp://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt. This includes software the and its Copyright The rights This includes software the University of of and D. Roth. Copyright University of of Copyright D. Roth. rights QT: The GUI Copyright (C) Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies). Contact: Corporation the LGPL (GNU X11(TM) and of The Inc. of The Inc. copyright software, that and redistribution and without fee. copyright authors and from around the Licensing information found to the copyright notices. High
Declaration of Conformity High According to ISO/IEC and EN45104 High High Distributor's TX USA Distributor's Declares that the Product Product Product Conforms to the following EEC 73/23/EEC, as 93/68/EEC 89/336/EEC, as 92/31/EEC and 93/68/EEC to this of conformity first with the following EN60950:2000 Safety: EN55103-1:1996 (E2) EMC: I, the that the specified conforms to the Directives and EN55103-2:1996 (E2)
Section Started About this High This the 4OS as to the of and 4PC). of the information this apply to the family that information clearly as this the to the front the The when this to that the or clicked with the Trackball or This to with the 4OS You built the the the top of the right-hand The following formatting the text of this XXXX text that and reference to the XXXX text the of interface such as or [XXXX] text of that to the that created the or the XXXX text information that should literally input the 4OS [XXXX] text of the the type of information that should input the 4OS. XXXX XXXX XXXX text or that XXXX XXXX text or that while the or pressed. XXXX XXXX XXXX text with of operations that through and
You or information highlighted: Information to the or High Information items Information to productive Section Started
Section 4OS The Command Command High The of user input the through the and the Command where users commands such as recording immediately to that the and ready to executed. To from the Backspace once. To completely clear the command Backspace The and of the OS Source, Command, Destination. Source: The the within the that to from. It might or the With the The when of the from that There of only Cyberlight If specified then the of the active included the command. Command: The Command the operation to Commands include Record, of these to specified, others they the syntactical The behaviour of commands Record) with These appear once the pressed. Destination: The the that affected the command. might or the If the already and the action to then what the should of shown below. that of the to the to the and ready to executed.
The Command The To the right of the the The High Command Source tion Record Record Copy Record Copy The text of the Section 4OS Records to location the tion directory. the of the assumed. The option the Record that the the ously recorded The Copy command the as its This and option. acts as the mand, that the the of from to The option to the that included.
Section 4OS The Graphical Interface High The information about the of the as as items. Below of the of the The Trackball The of the The The currently chosen The The hours and to the the 4OS graphical interface to those found computers. The of the graphical interface far-reaching, and become as with 4OS. features of the GUI You with on-screen and the or through the built Trackball, or Left-clicking the the as touching the and lecting or activating while right-clicking of The Soft to the another of to match whichever that of the The graphical highly of the and rearrange the and POS POS, ortho (ortho Connected software The normally. There with the
four High to information that to or Inform- ation or these and and From that pressed; the With the To and the associated or the Directory the Directory Choose the the chosen You the to the of the with buttons of the such as the and From the Command You specify the to the command and then the the the the Pressing You the the Directory If to the shortcut to then assign the to to and Preferences Section 4OS
Section 4OS Closing and Moving and High closed using the with the right of its title pressing Backspace or with the the You as as wish, only To the frontmost clicking or the touch-screen within or the the The title to that the frontmost; otherwise and where within the internal touch-screens, or the (optional) displays. You and and buttons, or using the or trackball. The the top of the right-hand and and easy to Its as shortcuts.
Shortcut Function the or Trackball To and the top whilst to its To and its and to its resized clicking and holding corners the arrow appears. You then the to the or that the or Trackball to and them with the the the when the touch that or with their title or You and with the buttons the High Down, and Right the currently selected The isn't Copy of the selected This helpful when to of the once. or rotates through of and the selected within its The options and top, and right and the while rotates through the options the Screen the selected touch-screens and displays. the of the currently selected and its previous switches turn, each to the front. The allows the and of to the Trackball or the buttons). when this Backspace the frontmost Section 4OS
Section 4OS Scrolling Recording High too to the appear the right and of the You pressing or clicking and then the or or clicking the the of the holding the and the Trackball, or to The allow to of to and to that shows the group, and with the playback the and and the the the top of the The and the Directory The Direct- ory You the Directory holding the and the the The Directory and the To the
To the To the Directory Recalling You when the that of the closed. that they instead: High the as them the the Record and of the buttons the Press the together with the the The Quickname and OK the Directory Select the the to that the depressed, otherwise the instead of select- Press the The Quickname and OK You and to them, the spreadsheet of the Directory. With the located the top of the The each their and of the You the the Next the right hand of the while Next the With the Directory the the Directory that the depressed, otherwise only the rather than activating the Directory Select the directory's spreadsheet Select the the Additive Section 4OS
Section 4OS Abstraction High Press the to and The Directory Spreadsheet To the the and the the Press OK to confirm. To the Directory the Directory that the directory's depressed, that buttons within the directory without activating them. Press the directory and then the Click OK to the If to to the action, Don't the You reenable the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. to the 4OS that to about the technicalities of each lighting the of their lighting the 4OS acts as and the lighting abstract
ideas of intensity, and the instructions that the their DMX to The 4OS every as entity. Every assigned that allows users to easily and has. information the 4OS lights, consisting of as of known as intensity. World Units as as rotation while chases beat This and allows of to selected and the assign of to without to about the DMX each to this. 4OS the match the only those of the themselves. than DMX might DMX the intensity, and The 4OS such that to the of the the intensity, and appear as there of from With that DMX the of the of the others, there DMX the of assigning intensity the of the to that this Interchangeable already of type and 4OS as as the to apply to the type. If the than the this as as the High Section 4OS
Section 4OS Tracking HTP and LTP High family tracking which the 4OS records and allowing that recorded and to through recorded that Below of of might C With non-tracking each to recorded each as with such as the the only that really to recorded as shown the below: C only to recorded that the from to On the other hand, and C each the tracking to recorded each the of or the of playback the following terms commonly used: Touched the Tracked assigned The of both and hard-coded playback. The 4OS the of of whether or the played this allows allows the to around and of while the the to Taditional theater that to lights Highest (HTP) This that of the such as and the intensity the highest of the the playback and the
then the If the reduced to then the on-stage the the higher and preced- This non-moving light lights other than higher and lower of higher or than and of higher or than of Working with lights to the (LTP). With this the the they recently assigned. the to would of this the instruction and The effectively of the from the playback. another the playback might back light HTP and LTP other 4OS LTP assign to HTP other LTP); HTP and LTP Matching of to the to of might each type. C=50%, M=50%, Y=0% of with types. Usually, to this manually creating to types. This process, and restricts to the already The matching to choose without these Traditionally, the CMY to each they With the increasing of LED the RGB (Red, becoming These of these they of conveying the information. other the useful of which lighting the HSI Saturation, High This the to the the from red, through yellow, and and finally to red. the wraps around, as with the around the with the top, Section 4OS
Section 4OS The and of White Light High the right, the and the The and the of the of of and of The HSI Saturation: This or the while high specified as (white) and (the Intensity: This of light emitted, from to (the brightest This to the The HSI With these three of information and intensity), every represented. already to the intensity, cessary to the and to White as the with the while and both white light, when them to their The with higher and while cooler light with One of white correct than the other, chosen to the reference the theatrical where white to base. other to white; information the white Matching
The The matching based that the This that of easily assigned to the including to chosen of white. It that calibrated, the that match the from that You choose the to and yellow or and or the on-screen The It to and whenever The and Directories to the allowing lighting to created and then as required. Once created such as of with lights, those instantly, and them of that when the the reference to the rather than the that the If, the then that recorded the This useful the of of and High Selecting and or the the types. You and and to attractive quickly. and to 4OS the DMX each type to light from each You from to without the The through the and rather than to there, as when CMY recorded using and matched through the of the This It strongly recommended that the HSI and CMY within Section 4OS
Section 4OS High lights to light The once to the change, rather than every information, allow intensity, and to recorded as easily building to when classified information with to assign the and then the of the as or the 4OS records reference to the rather than the playback, the to the within the when outputting to the of this referencing, when the and that with the The to referenced the This that allows to to the and rather than to individually. If to that where to the and other recorded with to updated, then With rather than Direct 4OS useful of based the Creating and Automatically Directory to and and they the Typical Directory
A Typical Directory shows typical directory. The of the with buttons, to the group, or as as their and other information: You the selected (with the the You and to At the top of the there four to High To C The Direct The to other Reference The the Highlight Highlight The the Lowlight Highlight The chase. as Chase The active. MIDI The clock that Clock The the template The Template The Activity Restoring Activity Switches to spreadsheet allowing to of the items the directory such as their Spreadsheets and A Typical Directory Spreadsheet Reports. This allows to the of the This allows to aspects of the directory displays information. this depressed, the directory's buttons them. selects the item and the command the recorded the intensity, C Recording with Section 4OS
Section 4OS of Directory Items High Typical Directory Spreadsheet You the of the holding the while directory or directory the the and them third, the recorded location the directory and If then this the recorded location the directory and Copy of Position You the these the of the Preferences The of the Preferences To the Preferences To the Click or the text the type of directory (group, ity, and when the directory item created recording or copying text boxes. type the Alternatively, or the arrow the right of the to of Click the You to the text the to the directory and the location the directory:
The of the Preferences Lowercase once only, when the applied, while the (known as and the of as the to If assign the to &D &N, the assigned to The that this to the to Coding Directory Items Each directory allows of each within the directory. The directory items directory the the directory as Directory Item To directory item High the directory &D: the directory the directory &N: the directory the This when directory item copied; the text the of the item that copied. Section 4OS
Section 4OS Spreadsheets High Directory Item the right the directory to the right Click of the options shown The Preset to assign the directory item this Alternatively, Choose to from wheel or to the Click to the directory the based the recorded the To directory item spreadsheet the and to the selection Click of the to assign the directory item this Alternatively, Choose to from wheel or to the Click to the directory the based the recorded the You buttons or clicking and to assign the to items. to spreadsheets, the 4OS such as the and as spreadsheets.
The Preset of the spreadsheets the 4OS of features: High To the the right-hand of the header. The to arrow. Click and to the To spreasheet Click and the header. To spreadsheet Right-click the header, and choose To Right-click header, and choose the of the from the To the spreadsheet: Right-click header and Sort to the spreadsheet the that Select Sort to the the of the You right-click header and Sub-sort to of the type, and Patch, then the shown together, the of their patch Section 4OS
Section 4OS Compact High To the spreadsheet Double-click the header the top of the spreadsheet. To spreadsheet Click or the You the below the Trackball to which selected. If the To of spreasheet: You or and then of to them Alternatively, the first and and the this to and to the To the of spreadsheet: Click or the and the or the the and This both selected and that when selected. and the selection to allow to the such as the to and information the without to A spreadsheet with and without Compact the that they rather than the of the The the efficiently with such as You and off with the Compact the spreadsheet with and without Compact that spreadsheet that such as the often useful to of the type together; this known as The spreadsheet effectively becomes of
type with headings the each type; A Spreadsheet with Turned On To that the spreadsheet Compact Sections You sections to the that section; Spreadsheet With To section, right the heading and To the section right the section's heading and Expand High the spreadsheet right the and Sort If the isn't right heading and Press to the Select Click OK turned such as the Section 4OS
Section 4OS Priority of Sections High Spreadsheet with Turned On Spreadsheet With You the of section the its priority. section's appear the top of the spreadsheet.
To or priority, right the section's header and then Priority or Priority Sections You sections the located the right of spreadsheet The This each section; clicking the to the section The To the Copy and You and the of selected High Press to the Select Click Apply The turned such as the Right-click, and Copy or from the Copy Record Section 4OS
Section 4OS Editors The High Editors where and the of The the 4OS the which acts as the active when other or active. and Editing the of Selecting and Typical You or the and selecting from its directory Alternatively, the and The of shows the spreadsheet with each Spreadsheets At the top of the there three with buttons: the the and the The following sections the buttons that editors; buttons that to that type of and these the of the The Path, Length, and these buttons to the of information associated with the and Path
The The the following buttons: The The each type of currently the allowing to to the that type of The only appears turned the To to the of to its selected. You to and the and the of the currently If once, the to which the frontmost or to the to High Press this to the of the rather than to Instructions to the or using the and directed to the this to the that appear including those that through from earlier the With State deselected, the actually recorded the displayed. Press to the rather than the Press this to this rather than Press this to and off. Compact fits information the without to the types, Reports. This allows to the of the This allows to aspects of the displays information. the within the selected. This of or You the Select active option the of the that and closed without selection. Section 4OS
Section 4OS and High finished or the to apply this, the or or the The to this when the when the the function; If the the appear. This allows to which recorded, whether should track forwards, and whether should allowed when recording from Tracking and Reference If the without whether to or the or the closing of the The of the shown the Command the The of the item edited appears the title of the The family of of that when the functionality of other and the front to or computers. There the the 4OS Backspace, and to intensity Record information the selected location. Commands of commands that the The found the to the found applications, allowing the to back through the commands the them each the pressed. the 4OS the
back through operations and back the to the which to the (generally, this when the where together the actions of the Pressing the together with the the action. back through repeatedly back to the action. The and other things. If to they The You and of the of the The On the of the and the Clicking of these its the right The shows the and creation and of the as as the of the to the parentheses. If the as then the through and To To To High to the selection the However, the selection as of action. to and other things directly related to to and and the and to the Generally, with the or Trackball than the touchscreen. and while holding the (or the Section 4OS
Section 4OS Creating New Ejecting to CD High Right-click the and from the You to the action. To Right-click the and from the the and You and right-clicking them and selecting Copy or from the You the and to Click the to Click the the and that CD-ROM. You existing right clicking and using the You the CD ejecting, that the selected the Browser. If that its and that the currently To CD: Shows CD The CD of the Select to the and the to CD to to the right-hand You to archive the to the OK to to this. the to to the CD. CD the CD located the front wrist
The CD of the High Press the and then the the CD The the of the writing operation. You and to to the CD that copied, Section 4OS
Section the the Starting the High To and the of IEC VAC and the other the IEC and then the switch the back of the to the that bootable such as bootable USB flash or CDs from the booting as the to to that instead of to the operating the finishing booting the 4OS splash and the 4OS ready operation. leads to of shock and the the and to function properly. that the properly grounded.
ready to the and The built clock which shown the right of the To the and the and to the and To the which the displays the and the Preferences and to the Appearance The the and based which to to the and of the the 4OS or properly shutdown/reboot the switching the switch off/on and the Touch The to calibrated. To the touchscreens Touchscreens the Touch each as appears sequentially; The the You the to the necessary. High Section the
Section the the Brightness the LCD Backlight Timeout High You the while the Touch the of the The Screen You the brightness of the holding the and the Backlight or Right If the graphics the too bright, the to Preferences Appearance. The backlights that the switch off of the You the amount of the backlights switching off the Appearance of the Preferences Preferences Appearance the located the of the the arrows to or the or clicking the and Select OK to apply and Once the displays them It to the as this from within the You three displays to the DVI or VGA
To displays, them and the the of the You to the to the monitors. NOTE: The DVI-D to VGA displays such as those featured the playback and Touch USB the and touchscreen High using or the of and Additionally OS with touchscreen below: High Section the
Section the High Notes VGA AccuTouch ELO ET1229L VGA E432532 AccuTouch ELO ET1215L VGA/DVI E103047 AccuTouch ELO ET1725L VGA E232070 ELO ET1519L VGA- to-DVI with with VGA- to-DVI with with VGA- to-DVI with with
To touchscreen to touschscreen DVI or VGA to of the the back of the to the displays of the and the to the of the and apply. You then prompted to the the restarted the touschscreen USB to of the USB the Once the touchscreen and to calibrated; the Touch You to the the USB Choose and the to the of the connected, the of the High Notes E176026 ELO ET1919L VGA/DVI E107766 ET2201L ELO VS15023 TD2340 VIEWSON- IC VGA VGA- to-DVI with with VGA HDMI HDMI- to-DVI with with Section the
Section the the On-screen Trackball Trackball High You the and Press the of the Preferences You to of the as as and Shortcuts You the on-screen to text when The On-screen prompted to the to touch-screen You the as characters. Press the when finished To the on-screen without instead of The On-screen USB trackballs to the the USB USB trackballs as with and right however of trackballs below) as functional OS trackballs four trackball buttons and the of the trackball both and POS K64325) Trackball K72352US) top and top right buttons) Trackball K72327US)
and Restarting the To properly or the The the right of the ToolbarAfter the the The with the following The to the Access the the front and then the the the access" the of the the the to lock. The the the the of the or to the To the the PIN the the the front or High Down: the off completely. restarting the and turning and to the off and as as closing the The and and to the the command. Section the
Section the High The the To the PIN the the right the to the and to the security the PIN to the and apply.
Security of If the and of the to the and the to to the and DMX To DMX and 240V AC. The DMX the built front To through the front of the DMX the The the of the DMX the top right-hand corner. To assign the High the through the options backwards. Select the option currently highlighted the the through the options forwards. Network to the Network Assign the to and Section the
Section the the IP the DMX the DMX back to High OK to the To assign the Network to the Network Assign the as required. OK to the DMX to DHCP to IP from You this off the IP Network to the IP DHCP On or OK to the to the Network OK to the You to assign or IP the with such as computers. You should to the To assign IP Network to the IP DHCP the IP and as required. OK to the to the Network OK to the the the DP back to factory to
the DMX You the function to the DMX The PIN PIN assigned from Network the Select the DMX the and PIN and OK to apply and the To the DMX locally: To the DMX locally: You and remotely from the DMX each DMX or the DMX and OK to apply and the Selecting the where assign the the backlight off. The the light continually. The the DMX its software reason. and to switched that DMX correctly, to off that restarting High the the PIN to Unlock appear. chosen and right to The the to own. Network the Network found the Select the DMX the Network and to the DMX that of to DMX located from the The DMX without or the the Watchdog and OK Section the
Section the the DMX Checking DMX the DMX of DP8000 DMX High There of and Soft the DMX that it with the to turning off and the DMX You both of from the tion, DMX right clicking its the Network of the Network and selecting The lights the front of DMX its the On Light Not Connected to Connecting Connected to DMX DMX DMX connected USB found USB found USB connected USB and active connected activity light connected activity light Normal activity bootloader active Writing flash memory The DMX of DMX. These the XLR the front of the as as You the XLR to the USB USB to USB of DMX to to of the DMX To manually Network the Network Select the DMX the clicking its and the to the DMX of the DMX the
DMX and USB DMX or to USB of DMX to it to the of the DMX To manually or of connected to If that already connected to connected to from the first Network On the back of 4OS Base-T Ethernet that to of DMX Processors, computers, and other If there than Ethernet the back of the then the should used. The 4PC least Base-T properly and 4PC to cessfully to other of should connected and using least Ethernet switch or router. switches The consists of and DMX connected to the lighting slightly the of with and High To to of DMX associated with and the from the of that appears. the to the Click OK to the The should its DMX Network the Network Select the DMX the clicking its and the to the DMX of the DMX Select the To to of DMX associated with and the from the of that appears. appear with the followed the to the Click OK to the The should its Active DMX OK and TX illuminated. Section the
Section the Network High of the DMX DMX connected together with Ethernet switch. 4PC and DMX Processors, lighting At the top of the the of the the OS. The and while 4PC might than network and the
The Network of the selecting from the the below the the of the or and operation. IP the Network to properly with IP that with other the There three options when IP IP this option to IP of IP using DHCP: this option when the that DHCP such as DHCP router or DHCP High of the connected to and ready to to to other of Disconnected the to to other because the connected to with of UP to with other the If of the the UP then the 4OS and instead as Section the
Section the the DHCP Choosing BOOT ONLY Custom DHCP and 4PC Network DMX High If choose to IP DHCP the and DHCP the then the to of which operation. this should IP Custom IP This option allows to the IP and of the This option commonly where DHCP IP to specified. to DHCP of DHCP themselves. DHCP allows the to IP to other DMX Processors, and the without to manually IP the Included the DHCP options of the the The from the DHCP and to software the DMX You options to (with or without or to both and DHCP both, the to both the DHCP and the where than DHCP specifying DHCP to IP conflicts. DHCP to both the DHCP and the To DHCP the and specify the and the below the to increased security to and based the IP of the the 4OS to other that their and firewalls and security to allow traffic. firewall this might turning off the firewall completely. the front of the DMX to IP that This first selecting Network
the IP and follow the and as outlined Network Typical Network A: and DMX B: The DHCP and other IP from C: DHCP Router High Section the
Section the High D: IP Since shows each the its to lighting each the seperated. connecting to the then the as the the other such as DMX the of as to that
and There that to type and The type to and type while DMX DMX type. Secondly, there the The that further the DMX to the DMX and patch information the DMX Connecting together when the allows users to the of or the of functions You should and to Ethernet switch High Within type each to physical DMX to of the actually while the other DP as the to the to which allows them to another of their chosen and playback This when combined with the functionality cussed the the with the to tracking the Section the
Section the the Network the as High the option the of the the as to three things that would otherwise to as New existing shows from to and of from other the Since that as continuously and of than allows should This of the Network
the as the option the of the checked, the only as to other the the of the and as forced to off the connected the off. the Network or connected to known as allowing of the to without causing of the or Each the the to of the should of the other from or to least performance the that, the the secondary while the first recovered. High The often when with 4OS There three of that The DHCP IP assignments to other and the network through the of (DHCP). to the the which and The DHCP and the of another and to the The to software the DMX Section the
Section the High To Ethernet switch. the option the each the as and the secondary as and then secondary the each connected to the the of the (the that first the the or forced offs. the that the or from the other connected to the the shown below, notifying the that occurred and indicated which of the other as the active
If this first to the physically nected to the then the and to the the that the intentionally off the other connected to the the shown below to that the off and another the as the active this the of the off from the there to troubleshooting. the off to the and once as the the Network Tracking tracking allows or to track each other terms of the chosen the chosen and while the secondary to the as the when shows. This and protects from of should the High Section the
Section the More than One the Network High To Ethernet switch. the option the least of the You choose to the option both to functionality. both to the to and then the secondary to the The each other terms of chosen and playback If to than the to choose each The the the third
and You to assign the of each and to the with. Connecting to Existing Network You the to existing the of the to the Network You to network or to or with Network Network Network within the and the To High You should the DHCP of the to existing otherwise with the of the or to the Click the the or Click the Network the following the to Network the or IP of the the of the shared directory the Username: the to the directory the the to the directory the required) the account of that otherwise this field Section the
Section the Accessing Network Disconnecting Network High that required. the the to with the If this option selected, then this when the booted or the to the to the the with the option. Once mapped, it appear the and the heading as to to. of the the the top right of the Pressing this and the
and and E1.31 known as streaming ACN) the 4OS that allow DMX512 to While each of and they both the to DMX Ethernet This section of the to to properly or 4PC to and E1.31. the The the ethernet 4OS to and/or E1.31 to and DMX that of these The located the of the as as the rear of the DMX the age of DMX the or 4PC the option to which of as the and/or E1.31. To of to as the 4PC from the of the top of the If only then selected and the If the and 4PC and thru and USB DMX connected and assigned to the High Platform ity DMX 4PC It recommended that and or within the This and using 4PC the to assign DMX to creases matches of physically connected USB DMX Section the
Section the the High both and to strongly to or E1.31 from DMX or 4PC, first properly the IP to that To DMX from the DP8000 front Network FixtureNetConfig To from the Network the Network Select the DMX and Select the of the DMX To the or assigned from the Network the Network Select the DMX assigned to (or whichever DMX associated with the internal DMX and Select the of the DMX From these the IP of IP using DHCP: this option when the of the that DHCP such as DHCP router. DHCP, the IP and Gateway The information with them to the DHCP Custom IP This option allows to specify the IP and of the This option commonly where DHCP Once selected to the IP and Gateway this the If IP DHCP the and DHCP the then the to of
the of the DMX E1.31 using the E1.31 of the DMX High Network the Network Select the DMX and Select the of the DMX of the DMX win- Universe: this field which DMX to Broadcast: this to Broadcasting. information to UnicastIP: when the Broadcast field checked, IP of to Unicast the to. to the to this the match the of the DMX Universe: to the Universe to this Only: this to to these to or reduce the of DMX Network the Network Select the DMX and Select the E1.31 of the DMX E1.31 of the DMX Universe: this which DMX to this to Multicasting. E1.31 formation to Destination IP: when the IP to Unicast E1.31 to. Universe: to the E1.31 Universe to this Only: this to only to E1.31 Section the
Section the High of the DMX E1.31 of priority. The first that of the within the The priority, allows assigned to each within that Not E1.31 receivers priority. On those receivers that priority, the when Priority to the the E1.31 that of from to with higher higher priority. Priority the to the Click the to the within that from to Higher higher priority. of that the should these to or reduce the of E1.31 DMX
E1.31 of the DMX E1.31 and patched, the LED the DMX to E1.31 You increase the of physical as as touchscreen attaching Playback High Section the
Section the High Playback with and displays To Apply AC to the wing and the USB and DVI to the the of the The of the with the to of the playback selecting the ID the that playback If than which which the the The the wing flash. that the playback selecting its the included the to the of the and the DVI where the NOTE: The DVI-D to VGA displays such as those featured the playback and
The of the with You increase the of physical to the The USB with wheel, and LED The LED to information to that including Playback Bars. The to the the the playback section. The and front LED match the The of the the the of the Preferences To High Apply AC to the wing and the USB and DVI to the The the already to function this with further the of the The of the with Click the of the the and of the sections to assign to that playback Section the
Section the DMX High The three three and which to the three of the of the If than which which the assigned playback The the flash. that the playback that assigned to the selecting the those playback To the included the to the displays of the and the DVI where the The of the with The of physical the back of the and the DP8000 actually than the of these actually of outputting. Connecting USB to DMX or 4PC the the of DMX or or Universes or or Universes DMX or or 4PC To DMX the USB of the to the USB the DC Assign the to of the of the internal DP8000 selecting the ID the to reach DMX DMX
High If than which which the the Section the
Section New Existing to Network High To the New the the directory where to the and then the The then the to and TIP If the or that the option the If the then another the the To existing the Existing the to the Alternatively the to from existing shows USB or CD. with "ready to existing that archived and to extracted to the to The the slightly lengthen the amount of to the To to already the the to section of the If the and the then the Pressing the the to that If found" the then to to to First the following to the as the the
the Currently If to to Automatically You assign the 4OS to existing At that the launched the assigned The Click to the and the immediately. Click to to the If specified of seconds, the displayed. The High that IP that Select the or to existing Select Choose to Assign which the the launched. Section Shows
Section High the of the and the while the of immediately to the the of the 4OS already the to that of You the The to the of or to and existing shows To the The You assign to when launched. to of such as recalling or assigned the of the Preferences Preferences
of the It that of the or USB and easy to from to another. to archives of should with the following to High Click to location the or to the Click OK of with to its Section
Section Preferences and Light Preferences Touchscreen Backlight Brightness Trackball and Trackball Preferences High You should to that something to or internal the The and the right of the right Clicking the of the shows directory If other with the the shows directory the the with within the Preferences as of the and whenever the launched. You individually the brightness of the and front holding the and the The light brightness the and that located the Appearance of the Preferences The light off of as the the LCD Backlight Timeout to the lights, the light The both and white the white activity and of as the the LCD Backlight Timeout If the to the Appearance of the Preferences You the of each of the touchscreen backlights holding the and the The Trackball and outer The trackball the on-screen while the trackball acts as wheel.
You switch the the top right Trackball To the Trackball to Trackball You the function of the four surrounding the Trackball to the or Right Click, Click, and while Next, Ortho and mapped. The Trackball assigned the Track of the Preferences The Track of the Preferences High The trackball lights and the and of while the trackball whichever function to the Trackball of the Preferences Preferences Trackball Select or from the to the Trackball that Select to the to with the top right Trackball Select OK to apply and connected the Trackball and to the the touchscreens. Section Shows
Section High The Track of the Preferences The following functions switches the Trackball and Ortho switches the Trackball Ortho and Normal. with ortho the Trackball only or both the This Right Click: the as right-click with the This usually to with commands such as and Click: the as left-click with the the that to the front the which the to the when connected to the as the to the Trackball editing.
the following and playback The the Trackball Preferences The which assigned to the wheel the front of the the of the Preferences this as functions as to the wheel functions from of the to the wheel the right of the To from the wheel the function the right of the to highlight the function and then the the front High the active KindKeys/CmdKeys: the function and Next: sub-selects the the selection. Selections sub-selects the the selection. Selections Select selects the currently the Select the and of head to the the from the other of its Changes: the of the the active Next to the the directory. assigns the selection's intensity to Trackball top top right ortho right right Section
Section High selection functions assigned to the the located the of the front Functions that assigned to the only they selection. To the through the functions the to the right of the The action of the to the of the the The of the wheel acts exactly the the The outer of the acts shuttle whereby The the the high the of change.
You the action that when the (located to of each the of the Preferences Function wheel as holding when wheel the of the function assigned to the wheel when the wheel the wheel when to holding and turning wheel to when first wheel to when to when first wheel back to when One and Preferences You the of the Preferences Function this the to this the within this the this as these apply to the physical the front and to the buttons. High when when holding and Section
Section and Exporting Preferences High often shortcut of the associated with the the Beam the Bean directory If to the shortcuts, then the to to You the as that them that To Preferences the Preferences Click the and location to the to. To the Preferences the Preferences Click the to the location of and to allows to the from and another To first the to This known as the The then to from the To to the of the Press to through the process. The The Source Location of the Choose that chosen or the to the and its Once chosen offered tions: and and
The Source Location of the Once selected 4OS the contained within each and of which The of the High Section
Section High The of the expanding tree shows the that match exactly and what their the type the revision. the type the revision. Not the type the the If to the they match the Revision Select the to clicking their boxes. The allows to clear the selection and Press Next to choosing to types, the the shows; The of the If choose to to
The of the There options of of the from the the that from the the and the to the as match from the with the they the type and If match the the with the the and the and that that the If match the to the as High If and then both the and the the from the using that overwrite the the Section Shows
Section Shows High the and and from the The of the The of the and and the following from the the field: of the from the to the with the found the the from the appended. with the found the the the If there clashes, the overwrite the This option when
selecting the which and and to clicking each item displayed the Items highlighted selected to of chosen to other You and and to the shows Each and they their own this and You shows the which to exactly the this and of the of the High the as the This option when with the found the with from the If match found, the to the You the with that that other to To To To and To To and Section
Section Patching, and High To to Patch the Press the the top hand of the The with of the as as that of the currently chosen Library. The currently chosen the of the tion To from another first the the and the archive from USB or CD the the as the tion Each its while such as and You the of to the currently scheduled the clicking the to the top of the Alternatively, type the Search field the top of the to the of the to the type
High The Once the type to or the the and the count to input the of that type to finished OK and these the patch where patch them to outputs. Section and
Section and Patching High Once to the they to patched to the DMX such as lights, DMX to their Generally, these DMX and the first of these (known as the that the DMX that the process. 4OS the information about the the to DMX the and assigns them accordingly, the To Patch this the Select the to patch and then the Patch to the Patch The Patch win- Select DP8000 the the of the If there shown, or to patch to that isn't shown the to and Removing DMX Click or of the DMX shown to to patch The graphical of which already the DMX the free shown below each Click OK or If finished Apply Patch or the to the patch information to the DMX Processors.
The Patch You the to to patch to DMX Universe To patch further to the DMX and the shorthand: To patch the the DMX and finished Apply Patch or the to the patch information to the DMX Processors. Patching Several Once If and patch them, 4OS them to of DMX assigning each patch that follows from the to patch Colors, DMX High Section and
Section and Patching to High the Patch You the as ternative to the Patch Colors to the patch of and that the selected to from and they of types. patch of 4OS the selection account, that patches the with and while patches the with and You patch to DMX this with where to This known as To patch to DMX the and patch it as ternatively, the command patches the to DMX and to DMX patch as to specified of DMX This to patch to of DMX patches the to each and You to patch Once the they without patch, to DMX.
Unused DMX The DP of the You of patched the DP; The DP of the This shows spreadsheet with type and each DMX Additional where there the DMX This useful when patching and to know what of DMX free. To this You the buttons the the top of the to each of four of DMX the DP to the to its and DMX the 4OS patched to DP8000s. The 4OS and connected to to that currently connected to the first the to the High Patch DP the DP the the top of the Patch Patch the Patch The Patch the the top of the Press the below the of DP800s. The DP Section and
Section and with Patch High Assign OK the DP OK the Patch To DP8000 from Patch Patch the Patch The Patch the the top of the Select the DP8000 to from the Press the below the of DP800s. Press OK to and the DP8000. of that together, each with their DMX with which operationally to as light that brightness and that physically consists of and such as the VL5 of the head with its of Patch With such there or DMX which numerically and and DP800s. 4OS this these Patch which the Patch to patch the with (of type shown of Patch Patch the the Patch Select the Patch the from the the top right of the Patch
of Patch the these of than each Patch A with Patch with Patch High Click DMX to the DMX the DMX the the Patch Click DMX to the fourth DMX Select the Patch the from the the DMX the Click Apply Patch or the to the formation to the DP8000s. Section and
Section and Cloning Universes High Cloning patching and associated patch information from DMX to another. selected therefore recurring patch locations To the of to another: Patch DP the DP Select the to clicking the the spreadsheet. The selected highlighted Press Universe. The Universe The Universe DP8000 and You DP8000 to to DP8000 currently to the and specify offset the patch to them the Click OK when finished. Click Apply Patch or the to the formation to the DP8000s. The Universe If cloning overwrite patch information the confirmation. The previous that the of ones; the of the untouched.
Cloning DMX You and associated patch information from DP8000 to another cloning patch. selected then recurring patch locations DP8000s. To the of DP8000 to another: High You patching from to another cloning the patch to the and then the Unpatching Patch DP the DP Select the DP8000 to selecting from the DP8000 Press DP. The DMX The DP Select DP8000 from the section of the Click Unpatch Source to to the DP8000 instead of copying them. Select DP8000 from the section of the If there conflicting the DP8000 choose to only from the DP8000 or to already patched to the You DP8000 to to DP8000 currently connected to the Click the DP Click OK Click Apply Patch or the to the patch formation to the DP8000s. Section and
Section Patching, and Unpatching Unpatching High The DP You to repatch with or to DMX to Unpatching the and There to Unpatching information that patched to or patch leaving other associated with the intact. To information associated with Patch the the clicking then Unpatch the top of the This the the intact. Click Apply Patch or the to the patch formation to the DP8000s. the Patch the
Unpatching DMX To DMX to the to DP.: DP selected, the Unpatch the top of the To the currently selected DMX (highlighted To To of To Click Apply Patch or the to the patch information to the DP8000. To DP8000: Click Apply Patch or the to the patch information to the DP8000. High Click Apply Patch or the to the patch formation to the DP8000s. Patch the DP the to DP. Unpatch Unpatch Unpatch and Click or the to that highlighted Press Unpatch Universe the top of the and that to Select the DP8000 to from the the top of the Press Unpatch DP and that to Section and
Section and Replicating the High You to the function. This of including their To Patch the Select or the clicking its the Press located the the top of the win- and replicating shows the of the and replicating The of the and to every and that the The shows which of. New that follow from the numbers, they patched or to appear to that with existing ones. and replicating It to the type of of where of type another of type, or the to such as To the type: Patch Select the to clicking the numbered the Press the and the type from the
Changed shows the of the and the type. Removing from the To You to confirm. Select OK Creating and 4OS and automatically, based the This of building to with. To the function: High 4OS type while patched. You to patched to repatch them wards. type that already Whilst 4OS including and match the performance of higher with of to that of Patch the Select the to and If of its associated and from the To while its Unpatching Section and
Section and High Patch the Click the (located the the top of the and from the options the The Click The You choose to the If the depressed, the each type. You the the to created. with of If the depressed, the If the depressed, the If the depressed, the If the
The allows to choose the of the ectory The displayed the ectory information and and of that 4OS that the as whole the while that to the To the The High the each wheel that than This that the to that both wheels without the conflicting with each other. that of formation their buttons with selections. Beam If the Beam depressed, the If the the beam each wheel that than This that the to that both without the flicting with each other. Patch Section and
Section and the High The the the type and each To these right-click header, and or The the that to when 4OS each type its own of user numbers, that there might of types. If this the the to the To the Select the To once: Select of or clicking, and then
Notes Notes to to such as its location or To Patch Notes Patch Notes to to its To Patch Inverting and and the to or its and inverting the that when the Trackball facing the to the the Similarly, facing the rather than facing or then the the Trackball and the the This that selected the as the Trackball that other the as to then combinations of and invert or both) To invert High of with the that You renumber the that each irrespective of its type. this to the type when selecting which Selecting Select the [text of the such as the this turned off To right header the and Select the Patch [text of the Section and
Section and Patch High to the and its or Press and choose to invert the To to the and its SwpAxes Press and choose to You to the intensity the to to the intensity that intensity the reduced that with patch of of would as intensity of and of would as You this to the of that assigning the patch to To assign patch: Select the the required. To the to assign the to You assign patch of the that the that of and that proportionally patch its displayed the the to though the the the patch The Col which shows whether the the library. You this to to the when with the with You that to the The
The You type from the the of the The of the then shows the each of that type. The the the top of the to of that type. Pressing the Sort Function the top of the the that the each together the of the type selected the This often the to the as easily or and then to of to assign action the the of the the The Function High Patch Section and
Section and and Custom High The Function to such as or to to when the of of the other to house or the of that assigned ones. To assign Patch Select the of the to as the of and or of from the to assign the The the that the when playbacks or to their when the To Patch Select the of the as
Assign This allows to offset the of which instance to the that from the others that then assign offset that the appeared to from and operating of To as continuously CMY On the other or or The 4OS the displayed the and the or used, the to each or chosen from those the library. To to their when they released. You from to their that they their they assigned to High Patch Select the of the offset to that those Patch the right and the the Press the from the and Patch the Click the the Press the to assign the to or as Section and
Section Selecting and Selecting Selecting Selecting High There three to the command with the selecting and clicking the the or selecting from the directory. To the or other the the of the spreadsheet. To the type the user the and then to If than the the user then first the type as demonstrated below: when the of appear the of the right where 4OS the type of the selected. If, Colors selected then the to Colors type selected. Repeated of the through the types. that throughout this the that assigned that they You than the and selects and selects to
selects to selects to and selects from of the type through to the of the type. selects of the type. that selections building the selection, the selection to action the selected that, selections from nothing, or to or from the selection. Select You the the the ALL the front of the or using the the The Select Inverting the Selection You the selection of that the the that selected become the selection. High To of type, the then type] from the the of the right-hand Colors to the selected. Select the Select The Select the selection Colors to Colors to the Colors and Select the Select The Select Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and Selections Deselecting High Invert the selection Colors and You selections from within the selection, the Next and and the and the Select Select The selects from the active selection the and The and buttons the Select the and from the selection, to the Selection that the selection related to numbers, the selection might Next and The Next and the from within the selection. Repeatedly Next or forwards or backwards through the selection, with the the Selection To or from the selection based user numbers, or the Trackball the Trackball acts as Next This to through selection of assigning their To selected the Backspace when the empty. You the following To the Alternatively, the or clicking its the
Reselecting You the selection Previous the Select Selection The which and to them; and Effects applying or selecting appear than selected The selection and recorded as of recorded or and You the selection of The and buttons the Select and the selection that the first and the first the selection becomes the selection of the selection. the selection becomes the selection to match the the selection becomes High the records the selection as of the and the Next and to each the selection when the group, then through of the they the instead of Select the Select The and found the which and the Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and With the High Once selected within their to the types: Command and selecting intensity. Trackball: and the top-right Trackball to switch the Trackball the and the of selected To the type currently the of the the front Beam Effect and or of the the front that user the front user the directory as as the the directory off. If the of type than there wheels the type to through the Functions assigned to the wheel the using the wheel and shuttle of the Only) that rather than (known as such as the of wheel. This of the The buttons to the and Spreadsheet: You directly spreadsheet Click the type and You assign and the The You assign the of to match from the The assigned from the or the as as the and directly the spreadsheet. To assign the and the
To assign to or The of to its The intensity of proportionally, With the On the and 4PC only: the the of the selected selecting and the wheel relative them, that the amount. and the wheel increased then to and to holding the whilst using the increased or to their and the increased then to and to On the and 4PC only: The and to increase and the intensity amount. The of the the of the Preferences and It increase or the intensity of the assigned amount. instance the to The the to the of the that currently intensity. You the to the command. High assigns to assigns to assigns to assigns to assigns to The the increases the intensity of reduces the intensity of the intensity of to of its the of to of its Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and the Trackball the High To switch the Trackball from the to the top right selection to the Trackball. the Trackball and To the top right Trackball selection the the and of the follows the of the Trackball. Ortho Ortho the positioning of while or The the right of the Command shows when the Trackball with the 'POS', and when Ortho with the 'Ortho'. You assign the that relation to the Trackball. Inverting and and the graphical the Trackball to to as The and appear the the pressed, and as to the Trackball. With lights, there than of and that the beam the the You to the and used, to that the the change. The function the selected through the turn. To this, the or and the the while through the the other the Trackball the top Trackball acts as while positioning
Continuous and Beam and beam (known as or of the and light, which assigned to such as and of the lights, and these assigned to or real-world It to as might to assign or wheel to 4OS allows to such as or when assigning to them. To and beam the Beam of The that appear the than These shown as the and the clicking the the Direct Entry appearing the then the associated the to The Direct Entry High Press the type or Beam or that and beam The shows the and their the Beam of If the selected of the selected type than there the The through the the type or the the the Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and to to Inverting and Beam High The Direct Entry the the and Press to the selected, the of the as that of the first Press and the while turning the wheel. You assign to its Press and the and the wheel clockwise to assign the to its and anticlockwise to the to its of You such that they the the other of the of rotation, this the whilst the To Press and the and the To and beam such as and Press the type or Beam The shows the The Click the and showing the The Select from the The
The Working with that continuously The While 4OS allows to the CMY or RGB of directly, this High CMY: this lights that the three (C), (M) and (Y). that the CMY white light, and then the to the higher that them to To wasting the light intensity of the should least of the CMY the other higher to of 0%C, 0%M, 20%Y tint, while 0%C, 100%M, 0%Y Mixing of the further 50%C, 0%M, 50%Y RGB: this based The three (R), (G) and (B); with the three the light and the higher than of these the the light If the three then the light white (within the of the used). or of the to the and then the other(s) to white). of 0%R, 0%G, 100%B bright, ated while 80%R, 80%G, 100%B bright, tint. 50%R, 100%G, 100%B With both the RGB and CMY to what ation of the With both and the CMY three reduces the light with the RGB often to with the when to and completely The together with used, to match of types. Furthermore, Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and High to matched through the of the 4OS these using third and (HS). the HS the the of from red, through yellow, and and finally to red. the wraps around, as with the tioned around the with the top, the right, the and the intermediate The and the of the of of and of The Colour Saturation: or the tions, while high specified as (white) and (the The with the HS 4OS as HS, and them to CMY or RGB as when DMX to the of this process, the to match the of types; The and of with the as other Continuous and Beam You the and The and The One of the of the HS its to match types. the and of of
them to the (within the of the might DMX to each. Furthermore, they that match through to the to the library; this the If the the Col then that DMX to and of white, of the of used. warmer with higher and while cooler light with One of white correct than the other, there to white to match when the assigned to 4OS allows to the White to or theatrical where white to base. other to white. The You the to graphically and To the There to the the Directory The its to the selection: High Patch Preferences Choose and assigning the of using and Saturation, that selected white the appearance of previously the and HS With selected, the wheel with around the and the Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and The High The selected, the wheel. This the or of that To within this The selection and If the the that chosen, while the that the The to they related. that appear the If selected, the the to the of that of the selected (shown as as as the of that least of the (shown as displayed, connected to of each type. The displays the and that currently the selected. These shown that HS and the appear without You the to matched to Clicking the the and of the selected to that match the selected as closely as You from the and the the the top of the You whether to match
to the as appear or or Source which slightly light There to the the Directory The that the and they shortcuts to the HS match when to than ones. the and the wheel allows of the currently selected that each of the the amount. This to Touching to as that the that assigned to these known as This through they and this allows playbacks to interact to onstage of Tracking to that its or To this Touch High To of the selection the Touch the Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and Touch High To the of the type touches of the lected To the Touch while that wheel slightly. The touched without ation from the wheel. appear the with white backgound. Once touched they recording the as that assigned. They shown with background, indicating that they You without touching them Touch the touched, they recorded as of the of the This useful to the the to them to other to from that to the Touch the and their onstage the without touching them: Copy the to
If the Touch instead of then to or recording. Copying You the of to another. the Command To from the selection: To from specified To from the of to the of another within High Record the of the recorded with with or light background the or while those with white or background If of types, those that the copied. Copy the of the selection to Copy the of to Copy the of the to the Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and the or Copy High You location and to command: Intensity Copy the of to the selection to to of You Copy to the of and Copy the and respectively. the Copy the Copy to appear the This of the of the command. You the Copy and commands: the right-hand or Trackball the the and Copy or from the You the to and selected Copy Record when from to another, the exactly the from to another, including You optionally the from within the referenced to the instead of the the to Copy the Allow the the to the of to to You to with Allow to to
Restoring You to their the or as the the as such as to the using the as such as to and To the of the selection: To the of the selection: To the of the selection: allows to assign that the spaced. intensity, easily to of and that this the of the the and the the while the other proportionally. You including and with that lights the You the that the and the others progressively to and right. The selection when Selection The when to its there the from its the To High Press and the or and turn the wheel. Press and the or and the Press and the or and the Choosing the or base, when as the below or that enough of the the to Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and the With the Command High the and assign the to Press and the whilst the The of the the and with those the To Select of the of Colors to The of the the and with those the You backwards; the of and intensity of You once, both and To from the The of the the and with those the You backwards:
proportionally from the of the selection. You other You the from the follow the currently selected the cleared. The High of and intensity of Normal: the unchanged, while the first and the From The first the selection unchanged, while the the From The the selection unchanged, while the first the To the unchanged, while the first and the the Press and the to the The Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and with High With the command The of the the of that the and the others You as as with the that only with the when the spreadsheet. Grouping allows to the that to You The the of that the repeated. selection of with of three would four (or each with three The the that the selection of with of three would to the to the and
You repeats and to simply. Repeats and selected from the Grouping the The to allow to and or the when selection. The The displays the and and to increase and the and the There shortcuts of and and that grouping and the grouping and formation recorded and the recorded. as assigning to from High grouping and options retained the Clear To grouping and options when Clear pressed, the option Preferences You to or You to the of another playback. To this, to that they of the the LTP HTP and LTP Section Selecting and
Section Selecting and from from Removing from High If to clear the of the Clear To selected from (known as the the to from the from the You from the selected using or Select the type and You from the selected and the or the the Backspace and the Backspace and the type this operation. You the from the currently highlighted the Backspace recording or 4OS only records that or touched the recorded. Tracking and with Tracking treated as when of the three of or yellow), the other touched their from playback, or their
this the that would there where to the to chases with the and 4OS together, and together. You the both and the with High and the from the and off the type buttons; A the with turned Section Selecting and
Section Recording High recording group, the active selection recorded, the currently the To group: the the or Record the Directory Select the location the Directory Alternatively, the and If the location already used, to choose tion: and the selection This and to the the group, and when using the Next and buttons; Selection and Effects 4OS of based the Creating and Automatically You that the Directory the Directory Select the to type the You group, or immediately recording the The Quickname and the and OK.
You the that would One to with the Editing To group's the within the or to the selection and the group. 4OS to choose from and Select to the with the selection. from You the that currently selected the or from recorded group. If selected the or that the group, that containing and to To group: High selects the selects the and their ity to and selects only that both the to Record the the Record the of the right-hand from Click OK to the Section
Section Copying and High from the directory: Press and whilst selecting the to from directory. Release the appear to the Click OK You once: through Click OK to the from the directory: Press and whilst selecting the to from ectory. Release the appear to the Click OK If to to the action, Don't the You reenable the confirm- ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. To of group: Copy the of to to to location: to If the already to choose option: and To from the of to the of another within Copy the of the to the with options:
and recording or copying group, the location already recorded prompted with options of or If group, only the option High Copy the of the to the group. The assigned location the chosen, using necessary. Incorporates the information the group. the information that If that about to record, or to existing or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or Section
Section Recording High There (intensity, effects) which users easy The 4OS which function recorded based things: the specified the of recording and the directory's write If to of from recorded the write the directory Permissions (IPBCE Directories) or from the record; Recording with 4OS records the of the or those of the selected To from selected Record- Selected To record, the or assign the of the as them the Record the Directory choose location the directory. the Record If the location: Record the recorded the location. If the already to choose option: and You that the Directory: the Directory. that the selected, that when its the directory. Select the to its the directory.
the or apply selecting from its directory The to the selection, as as the information the selected Doing assigns the to reference to the that Colors the to therefore apply this immediately to Colors that the selection; of to reference the command of to reference High type the To immediately recording the Quickname the and OK. the Directory the the from the Directory Section
Section Editing with High The You the that when referenced playback the The to editing: the Directory. the Alternatively the Press the the to this as Within the assign and the as the Press editing to the to the information with Editors editing, appear to when recorded This to the with of that to and or types. If and of type that previously the and then the these If to the that to the type from the
that to to the existing To using the from the directory: High the Directory. the Press the the to this as Select the the the to assign the Press to the You the to of type from the to the that recorded and other and the with Creating the location the which once the Click OK to the Press and whilst selecting the to from directory. Release the appear to the Click OK Section
Section Copying and High If to to the action, Don't the You the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. To of location: the directory. that the pressed, that apply when trying to them. Select the that to its the directory. Press the Copy Press the of the location the directory to the to. the Copy the of to Copy that Colour and Similarly, to to location: the of to empty. If the already to choose option: and References to to the its location the directory. If from location to location references to the to its location, to another location
Record and recorded as type, or The three when apply the to the following the recorded: the the appear as Similarly, with them type; A with A with and A with that turned with High the to selected that that containing and to selected that and the to of that type. containing to selected 575s. the to those that both the and selected the containing to that (and then selected). recorded If the to recorded exactly the then the recorded as the recorded Section
Section High with with You the the Record to as Assign the of the as required. Press Record The Record appear the of the right-hand Select Press the to choose the type, The Directory Select the location the Directory Similarly, to force with of each type to recorded as rather than the the the Record Forcing to that than type of that apply to of type included the to red that to both Colors and If the first and then the first and (with and this as and those when recording, then the and Colors, them the as to the
Recording with The 4OS which function recorded based things: the specified the of recording and the directory's write this section using as which function recorded the directory). The Directory which included each indicated intensity, C and of containing types of containing the Record To specify when recording using the Record High Assign the of the as required. Press Record The the options and displays of buttons containing of the and included show.see The Record (If appear then the "Automatically option of the which to include the off the buttons. Press of the to choose type The Directory Section
Section the Command Recording Selected High Select location the directory the Directory The Record recording the choose which and/or user to off with the them the the Record command: Record records the and of the or currently the or recorded. To selected the to the Record On the Record Selected records the the rather than the with software included when recording To when recording the the record; the Record You that information function when recording the to with of seconds: Assign to the functions to
You the Editing Reference reference to the recorded instead of the Similarly, other that the rather than recorded this known as reference and the directory Reference when to to as building which then building from. might that the and further that other the You then with lighting each which each another instead of If the the that focused and the would and with that with the recorded as reference assigned another recorded as If to as reference the Allow option: Direct Normally, when to assign recording or reference to the rather than To instead of and recorded using the they ordinary rather than to High Assign to the functions such as seconds. Record records only the information that the Assign the of the other as required. Press Record The Record appear the of the right-hand Press the Allow Press to choose the type, The Direct- ory Select the location the Directory Section
Section and High You as one-off as or assign to as shown the directory win- To temporarily existing as when it the or the that the should To Assign the as required. Record Direct choose location the To existing to the Directory. the directory to spreadsheet the Select the Direct the to and to the to that to previously the and already recorded to the effected. recording or copying the location already recorded prompted with options of or If the option The assigned free location the chosen, necessary. incorporates the information the If the and both the the overwrites the information that
High If know that about to record, or to existing or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or Section
Section Directory Permissions (IPBCE Directories) High Directory the that allow users to recorded such as effects, and of buttons. Directory and their displayed of this section cover the options directory which function to recorded each of the IPCBE the that directory, to the and function the write shown the top of each directory and which writing that directory shown with background; "L" the
Permissions Coding Each within directory to distinguish from the other the directory. To directory right the the directory and choose from of or choose to the the based the recorded the buttons only). Right Click Coding Coloring the each directory displays around the directory buttons. If that the the background of the directory buttons the to the and the option. The option to the each directory and when directory Coding High Section Directory
Section Directory High each directory displays its buttons using To the played directory the clicking the located the top of the directory the option the option to the directory's buttons three and the option to the and The option each directory to that directory and when directory Option directory both active buttons (buttons that and inactive buttons (buttons with to the inactive the directory. To the inactive directory the to the and the buttons" option. The option to to each directory and when directory
Option Swatch The option only directory and where the within that directory. this option turned buttons the directory that with the of the to recorded that To the option the and the option. The option to the to each directory and when directory Swatch Option High Section Directory
Section Directory Spreadsheet High directory as of touch-sized buttons, however the of directory as spreadsheet clicking the the directory selected and/or the The option to directory to each directory and when directory of Directory
Section High The graphical that allows users to and function the selection thumbnails. To the the and the the or Beam the front selection the the with thumbnails as the (or as gathered the using CITP or Catalyst lighting containing such as and while such as the DL.3 containing 3-D and selections to the active The options thumbnails the when this option the thumbnails the tion the match. this turn"
CITP Thumbnails the The displays thumbnails as the of fetching and thumbnails connected CITP that the this section which CITP the 4OS, to the DP8000 CITP discovery, to to CITP the and finally to the patch to refresh CITP previews. High appear the right that the the selection. Show/hide shows and the of the the Show/hide shows and the of the displayed the the which the the Search input text to the of the Function such as easy Section
Section Supported CITP DP8000 CITP Discovery Patching to CITP High 4OS the following CITP (software or Hippo (software or High (software or High DL.2 (software or High DL.3 (software or High DLV (software or PRG (software or the to properly CITP the the DP8000 properly the the DP8000 that to the CITP Select the of the that the IP and the which the CITP connected. This to the and To connectivity recommended that the IP assigned to the within the sub-network as the CITP receving thumbnails from. Once the and patched to DMX the then patched to CITP the of active DP8000 connected to the Follow these to patch to CITP the patch Select the to with CITP the Press the the top of the patch Select the IP of CITP from the patch win- Press You the IP of the CITP the patch the selected This
Refreshing CITP thumbnails The CITP the of the the might the The of these and to thumbnails from the Follow these to the the CITP DP8000 CITP shows. To CITP DP8000: Catalyst Thumbnails the to CITP and thumbnails, the 4OS of fetching and thumbnails Catalyst connected to the this section to High the with the CITP the as as the CITP IP the If the IP of CITP the to the "patch Selecting from the of CITP the patch the selected from CITP and the to using the thumbnails that type as the library. the patch Select the to refresh the Press the "refresh the top of the patch and white animated refresh appear the top right of the to the right of the search field. The refresh finished when the the the DP8000 Select the CITP of the the and apply Section
Section DP8000 Catalyst Patching Catalyst to Catalyst High Catalyst thumbnail to Catalyst to Catalyst the patch and to the to refresh Catalyst previews. the to properly and Catalyst the the DP8000 properly the the DP8000 that connected to the Catalyst Select the of the that the IP and the which the Catalyst connected. This to the and To connectivity recommended that the IP assigned to the within the sub-network as the Catalyst receving from. Once Catalyst scheduled the and patch to DMX the Catalyst then patched to Catalyst that connected to the of active DP8000 connected to the Follow these to patch Catalyst to Catalyst the Select the Catalyst to with Catalyst the Press the "patch the top of the Select the Catalyst the patch the IP of the Catalyst Press You the IP of the Catalyst the patch the Catalyst selected This the Catalyst with the Catalyst the as as the Catalyst IP the If the IP of Catalyst the to the "patch
Refreshing Catalyst Catalyst the of the the might the Catalyst The of these and to thumbnails from the Catalyst Follow these to the the Catalyst Fetching DP8000 thumbnail fetching shows. To thumbnail fetching DP8000: to OS and OS built with and based thumbnails the the the the follow High IP of the Catalyst of the patch the selected from Catalyst and the to the thumbnails the library. the patch Select the to refresh the Press the "refresh the top of the patch and white animated refresh appear the top right of the to the right of the search field. The refresh finished when the disappears. the the DP8000 Select the Catalyst of the the and apply the patch Select the to with based thumbnails Press the "refresh the top of the Section
and recording, copying or the location already recorded prompted with options of or If copying three options If the option If the when recording 4OS the the whole the If with to the and four This to recorded ones. You renumber within You that displayed the and the Playback High The assigned free ation than the chosen, using necessary. Incorporates the information the If the and both the priority. Overwrites the information that If know that about to record, or to or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or Choose the of the selected Select the type the To immediately recording the This Quickname the and OK. Section and
Section and Record Recording Selected Record, from High Normally, recording records the of the or choose to the currently selected Select the that to record. Record Press Selected the Record Choose records the selected as the the selected You the of the or from recorded might to and the to through Tracking of To that the that to the The that the Record the the Record the of the right-hand the selected from To whole that selected. You this selecting the and the Touch the To the currently chosen Click OK to the Click OK to the
You of Copying and Copying To of the To other than the chosen or to specify the with the To of High If to to the action, Don't the You reenable the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. to Click OK to the To only, that caused the through to without Tracking Copying or only; the to that the If to this rather than the Copy and with State that the to with the currently chosen Copy the of to Copy the of of to of Copy the of to of to Section and
Section and Moving within High If the already to choose option: and To to location: the from to effectively If the already to choose option: and If or to renumber the that they whole numbers. You renumber the More the Choose renumber the the selected and increasing renumber from upwards and increasing renumber through finishing with other Alternatively, the of to renumber as renumber through with The of the the and as renumber through finishing with other spaced that renumbering within the to renumber as You should this Copying and
Section and the with Tracking Recording High Within the and the as the Selecting and Once to the to them, the then to the Editors the that allow to which displayed: Next and The Next and buttons to allow to easily through the the to or them. You to another its to the and the Follow If the Follow the the as the played back. If Next, or to another or the then Follow Follow Next: This to Follow that the played rather than the the played, the first the displayed. as the the through the the Next and while holding the 4OS which Tracking complexity, 4OS functions that with tracking straightforward. about Tracking You the Track when to assign the to the they appeared rather than the recorded. that of with intensity three
If assign three to and with and recording with would these the thing with Track Backwards, would The of to the that the If Track that hasn't the of the the to the first the To with Track Backwards, the the Record that appears the Record from Tracking or existing the forwards the to and that through the High Record Select Track the Record You Track when using Section and
Section and without Tracking High You with and the intensity of the of the You to the that the to their the that the the to tracking): 4OS allows to other without existing tracking To this, the without tracking forwards the the Record that appears the Record Press the Record the Record the the currently chosen This to as recording only as the the recorded and that only tracking off when or when when to the of recording or as only that previously the these This release the back to its (as the this the the that through to to the of the the following
If from through and rather than to the expected and You this the only which that ously through from the the To without tracking the forwards: Blocking earlier the from tracking through to the State You the State the Record that the following High the to Press and the The Record appear. from the Record Release the Section and
Section and Unblocking High to to with Copy State the State the Record that appears when Copy. Select The of when to another location the that actually the on-stage that would the To both and Copy and Copy State that the of Unblocking the as the that the the this the and the the would To the Unblock the Unblock the currently chosen Unblock of
To Unblocking the assigned Preferences and that the previous and with intensity of of the If these the allows the to the the intensity. This allows the to as they to their the executed, only the as other already their to the The to the choose. the when to to There to to High Unblock only through of the the currently chosen Unblock the of of Unblock Unblock Choose Unblocking from to through the whole the of and then If to the then first input the and then To the from the of the Backspace and then Section and
Section and High the New or New option the created with the type. that when New selected recorded the or of the to with or While the of the the the which the the
the and assigned the to and rates their the the below, when its to intensity, of its Then when played the intensity seconds. The from to and from to while the the to the of the the the below, when its to intensity, of its intensity Then when played the intensity seconds. The from to and from to while the First If the first assigned to the the played. recording to the first the the first of that the already and Furthermore, the of assigned to seconds and the other assigned to the as as High with the as as Red, and RGB such as Right Section and
Section and Feedback High The following the of with Actively its of to back the to each the there and
the Directory The Directory and to or Copying and Moving To the Directory: Alternatively: The Directory To The with the command You High from the Directory. Choose the with the to the or to follow the currently chosen Feedback the Directory. Section and
Section and High The that the selected, that when its the directory. Select the type the You when attached to To Click OK to the from the directory: directory. that the selected, that when its the directory. the You to the action. If to to the action, Don't the You reenable the confirm- ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items.
Copying and and within the Directory To the Directory: Copying To of If the already to choose option: and To to location within the Directory: If the already to choose option: and and copying or the location already prompted with options of or If copying three options If the option High To from its rather than completely from the while the Choose button. This the from the from the ory. Copy to to The assigned location the chosen, necessary. Incorporates the information the If the both the of the the the information that Section and
Section and High If know that about to or to existing or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or
Section Recording Recording to the Directory Recording to Physical High You directly to physical playback, or to the Directory. To the the the or Record the Directory Select the location the Directory Alternatively, the and You directly to physical 4OS the location the Directory: the the the or Record Press the Choose the physical You that displayed the Directory the Directory that the selected, that when its the directory. Select the type the To immediately recording the Quickname the and OK.
To You of Copying and To of to to location: If the already to choose option: and High Click OK to the If to to the action, Don't the You the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. to Click OK to the To from its rather than completely, while the Choose button. This the from the from the directory. Copy the of to to effectively Section
Section Editing and High You the of to editing: the Directory. the Alternatively using the command Press the the to this as Within the assign and the as the Selecting and information with the and of when You and the as and Path You assign the recording the or the You assign the of from the to of seconds: You with the the of and recording, copying or the location corded prompted with options of or The assigned location the chosen, necessary. Incorporates the information the If the both the the the information that
If copying three options If only the option High If that about to record, or to existing or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or Section
Section High With 4OS assign each of each of each of this, there as found other 4OS easy to the whole and type (intensity, and as as each You three aspects of the 4OS: The and which the of when played back. and Path The The which played back. and The of The that to from their to their the that played back. You the or and The the to that increasing intensity, while the the to that intensity. The the and to change. with assign or and The the the and to that increasing intensity to while the the the and to that intensity to change. Path: the The straight that smoothly and throughout the that of the the of the The of The from the previous to the Follow-on The from the of the previous to the
shows the of and the playback of 4OS allows to to each of each or to assign the to this and Path and Path You assign and as as to and recorded without assigning information the this the of the Preferences To with other than the To than the of the of seconds: High when from MIDI Clock: real-world and when Clock the the the the currently the assign of seconds. Record the the currently chosen Section
Section and with High of seconds. To the of recorded the the or already the chosen assigns of seconds. You assign and (known as the the the the the currently the of seconds, and of seconds. Record the the currently selected of and to that other and and other 4OS and each Also, with the when the that the from to rather than (as with 4OS) to You with the the of and If to assign or them the clicking its You the and the to assigning the the
Alternatively, the the to assign the Paths Paths the with the path, from its to its steady the of the The shown Path To the You or the or the to the of the the should the [seconds] [hours] [seconds] High Select the and the with the incoming and outgoing of the that the should with the the Select the Path and The Paths Select the type the incoming and outgoing of the Press OK The of the when the asserted. released, the effectively reversed. with the of the of that released path). Choose the of the Click the the or of the and and Section
Section High Path Linear Path seconds and 2s/5s seconds seconds and and seconds and hour, and seconds and hour the from the This Linear and steady the of the the of the the of the The overshoot their and then to The first the to their The the and of the than the The the of the The the of the The follow sawtooth the of the
the and buttons that appear when or to the H, and text the Alternatively, that the seconds, seconds seconds). To assign directly the Selecting Path The of Paths of the the assigned the and when to recording, the to the assign or to the and these then included when and and (optionally) You to High Click the Path the and Choose from the Selecting Path The when increasing the and the when intensity. Press OK Section
Section Assign High the and that only assign that the To or the or Path buttons from the top of the You the of the the or directly You assign to of the or the If and assign then the the To assign and to the of Select the that to assign to, that they Press the The the and together with their The showing the to the and that to the that assigned the the or using the the top of the You to these to however. The showing To assign and to types: Select the that to to, that they Press the The the types. Click or and type; Selecting from the the to assign the
Selecting from the To to the of The showing Paths The Paths Assign with the Command To the of High Select the that to assign to, that they Press the The buttons and The showing Paths Choose to assign to to the when the they to increasing the Choose to to to when the they to intensity the Choose to to to of irrespective of whether their creasing or decreasing. The Paths The Paths Select the from the Paths The of Paths Section
Section Assign High the to assign to, that they assigns the to seconds. To assign and the to to, that they assigns the to seconds and the to seconds. To type: the assigns the of the to seconds. To the the assigns the To assign path, the three the to the path. Select the the the as the they appear the the path. To assign or directly the spreadsheet of the type pressing the or the top of the Click the the or and to of Press and should the [hours] [seconds] [hours] [seconds]
The with selected the and buttons that appear when editing or to the H, and text the Alternatively, To assign directly the spreadsheet of High seconds and 2s/5s seconds seconds and and seconds and hour, and seconds and hour If this as seconds. To the as seconds Press the Path the top of the Click the the or and to of Press Choose from the displayed Selecting Path The when the increasing the and the when the intensity. Press OK Section
Section High Selecting Path The of Paths You as or to the of through and seconds: the of through and seconds. including the wheels and spreadsheet
to manually to the of assigning the The assigned the of the To assign The options High the Select the the and The appear below the The Select option from this. allow the to the the to other the manually to this shown and the created the the specified from the of the or It should confused with the which the the there and the The within the whereas the the of each within the only as the the Follow: the once the previous completed its and You the Follow which termines the the previous completing and the follow The follow displayed the as Follow The follow should confused with the The follow the the of and the of the while the the the of and the of the the when the specified received. MIDI The displayed the Section
Section Learn High the This the the pressed, irrespective of follow or that the because the appears the win- to the that they to the They to recorded the when Learn Clock: the when the specified real-world and reached the 4OS built clock; Clock Learn allows to assign the with the when the learn option selected the If clock assigned to that when learn then the recorded the To Learn with Choose the of the the of the and choose the the The If currently the to the the appear. the Learn the and the when the reaches the that each to appear the each finished, Learn when the the when the reaches each assigned information MIDI To Learn without Choose the of the that selected. Select Learn
when the first the the as when them manually. Clock To assign to and internal clock: High Press the to the first and to the to the appear the each finished, Learn Learn only that currently to that To existing from the and Select from the the Select the the and The appear below the The Clock the Clock Section
Section High the and to assign If the to the Then the Weekly, Monthly, Yearly) with which the to and options the specified Click OK Once clock the the and type the The and shown the of the Clock
To or the clock the Clock the The Clock The Clock shows the and to the 4OS clock, and information about the to To the Clock The Clock its to the High You or the clock functions the or Clock the Clock the touchscreen: You assign the of the and the Appearance of the Preferences The Clock and the Command clock the selected Section
Section and Creating Creating High Normally replayed to this. to to other the or to 4OS as type of rather than of ordinary item the within the without the to the back to the first there to To the the the the (shown the the where the Click the the The the Select the of the the to You the as other type of To to things: that to earlier the the the the and the assigned with or follow 4OS this as A with
with Exiting You when the and with the The options To assign the behaviour: You what when the Action of when High the indefinitely the Count: the the assigned of count of the the Timed: the the assigned the the and Select option from the If selected Count or Timed, count or Section
Section Tracking Through High that, when to the of back, the appear as they played back the they appear the however, might to through rather than creating where the first through the four to and throughout the them to and To this, might Int. Int. Int. Int. to The that the of the brought to each and that these then track through the of the (shown the arrows). However, of the State function, when the back to 4OS as would the The that to as they the first round the To this to Track Through the the Press and the Track Through that Track Through when the back to the of the back the the The Track Through option to the whole when back other the of
Section Effects Effects Effect Effect High Effects to repeating or the of Effects recorded as of and Table to that apply mathematical functions (such as or to Table attributes: and length, bounce, and its and path. There three to apply to selection: of found the ectory that and then The Effects where users and the effects the selection. the Editors: You assign and such as the as with other One of the of the iteself, which mathem- function (such as or to the The and the shown Effect that the the of the of its the the The three of weighted differently, the the high or of the below of of Motion: to and with of Motion: Sawtooth to and with of Can-Can Motion: to to Fly Motion: to to Effect: On to and
Sawtooth On Random Low-weighted Table Effect The appearance of the through of to its attributes: length, bounce, and Effect Rate The the of the increase or the of combining effects, the to where motion the first the second, then the the to of the the The following shows the of assigned to the sawtooth with High Iris Chase: Sawtooth to the You of these of the effects Random High-weighted Section Effects Random Centre-weighted
Section Effects Effect Effect High The which the This the or applying with the of to of it from through to You this the and combining effects, the of the of the and to the of or The following shows the of assigned to the sawtooth with The offset the and each they It to intensity of the of and offset each of this amount. with offset The to this to The following shows the of assigned to the sawtooth with offset The and of the that the function as through the The and edited the or the that the and to the that function as The of the which the function the The of directly to the offset of
The following shows the and of The the of the that active It assigned as The following shows the of assigned to the with This the of that the finishing. the that the indefinitely. Bounce bounce the function through the and then to through the the and to the which through the Direction The of whether the selected to the function or Building Table Effects the Effects To apply High the or the and their These the the the of Section Effects
Section Effects High Equally, intensity of to the of the the Effects and Effect Directory the Effects the the that to apply the Press choose the from the and The Effects Once the assigned, the the the spreadsheet or using the when the Effect selected. You the of type Intensity, Position, or within the top of the Effects To the the spreadsheet: Select the the that to and and the Press the Effect Select the that to the Function of the Effects the Rate and as required.
that the the selected the buttons the Function There buttons types, intensity, and each type. Building Table Effects Editors Effects assigned directly to and their including the This helpful when to without the Effects assigned and edited the whilst the Rate and The selected the top of the or to offset from the onstage Once to appear the of the or with the to the High the and to the the Effects first. You of, of the Effects the information from through that currently Table the the the and Select and of the selected clicking and choose the from the and Select the the the and Select and of the selected clicking and offset and the Section Effects
Section Effects Tracking Table Effects and Table Effects High assigning such as that and the of from through to of offset that the first and the offset through to the reached. You and off, them to track through the of the Effects or the Select the of the which to the off or allow to through, and Select or Track from the or that includes each its and the These the from its to its the or as the or played back. You and path) to the as the or played back. with shows with of
with You the To You and the Effects High the to to, that they assigns the to seconds. the Effect assigns the Section Effects
Section Effects Effect High You apply to the selection using the Effect Directory; The Directory Effects functions the selection the Iris as they To the Directory: Effect The Directory
To apply You the or clicking its the Effect Directory Effects Once effects to the selected the tributes and Length) of the the of the attributes, Effect The shows the assigned each wheel whenever the selected; The showing the Table The showing Effect Recording You of This only that touched the Effect and the To include intensity, beam and information the function: High the and assign intensity Effect assigns Effect Colors to their intensity and the or the and the effects. You this directly or the Effects Record the Effect Directory Select location the directory Select the and the Record Effect from the Record and the that to record: intensity, C and when recording Recording with Select location from the Directory Section Effects
Section Effects Effect Editing Effect High You that displayed the Effect Directory: the Effect Directory. that the selected, that when its the directory. Select the to type the To immediately recording the Quickname the and OK. the or apply selecting from the Effect Directory. The to the selection, that information the selected therefore to that function. Direct Effect the Directory the the from the Directory the Effect You then its the as Building Table Effects Editors To the Effect Directory. [Effect the [Effect You the Table Rate to that the active with its selected. You effects with the command
To the from the Effect Directory: Copying and Moving To of location: to to location: If the already to choose option: and High Effect Click OK to the Press and whilst selecting the to from directory. Release the appear to the Click OK If to to the action, Don't the You the confirm- ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. Copy Effect; the of Effect to Effect Effect; Copy that and Effect Effect; Effect; the of Effect to leaving empty. Section Effects
Section and High of functions The the functions assigned to the with the wheels when the selected and selection the directory and and the and collectivity of the Every function of scheduled of the Intensity, Effects, or The selected front or clicking their respective buttons the directory. The directory holding and then selecting from the the of the right type to through the its matically the and based template established the 4OS. or This why they known as "fixed" Functions that with the within This those to of that and to the of that to wish. function such as to the that functions to function as of that The of the the within completely of whether or they with when to the built the allowing to of functions the directory and using the function the front of the (when the function to To the function and "Command" and The of the function the To the directory the and the the The the LCD Once created, selected the function the front or selecting the from the directory when turned off. If than the
the Directory matically the function the front to You as as Manually Creating To manually user You user the the top of the directory or based of established the 4OS. and of the family as the 4OS therefore that they would user containing CMY and HS To user High TIP: To and the the front the Directory Press Record and then the Directory the Directory Press and and then the of the to the Directory Section and
Section and Copying and High as the the Directory and the the Directory To the Directory Click existing user the Directory, the Copy and then the Directory To user the Directory
the building of both and They specify funtions assigned within displayed the when selection The located below the touchscreen the front from the established the or user formation the function assignments: Preferences Every the of the 4OS to with wheelset of the functions within or of the themselves This section to increase of to the To the or Within each On the of On the right graphical interface showing of of Each of these of High Click existing the Directory, and then the Directory the Directory and existing the Directory Section and
Section and High displayed holding functions and with the the front You that within To assign function to Click and function from the of functions the hand of the to of the To function from Click the function. It highlight yellow. Press The function from the To Click and function from the of functions the of the to the the of the right of To Click anywhere the The highlight yellow. Press The and its functions To function Click and the function to Functions with and containing with
Section Advanced Selecting from What High You from what the to their If to that onstage then of used: selects that with selects that of intensity. You apply to the selection. This allows to that onstage that assigned to or selects that selects that to selects that as selects that that their You the and together to that both and specified selection: selects that the to that selects that that that the the selects the or that intensity such as and selected when the
the with onstage or or that to further There which those and the or You to to the that they currently It that their or that to with of This to that the that which that should through. The located the You to selected the command. to Similarly, apply this to and the to and their that High assigns the to their Section Advanced
Section Advanced High assigned to brought the to type from that to the of the the of assigned to brought the
and Touch and together touches that to that intensity including their This to suck, that the or including those that their The Touch located the to the with intensity of You the to High Touch the of to the the (as suck would): Touch the touched: Section Advanced
Section Advanced Copy to Bring Highlight and Lowlight High You from or such as the using Copy Copy the of of the currently chosen the You chose which or the Copy the from the Pressing the Highlight temporarily the selected to white, with and other their This function when to the of when assigning Highlight the the the or the
or and highlight the highest when the Highlight active the Highlight and the Next and to highlight each the selection. You release each from highlight its the or whilst the as as that subtly lighting of the with the frost and with the the The of that the lighting and to while the of the lighting that rehearsals To this Highlight: Highlight highlight intensity to with and their to assign the highlight each of each This as the highlight what to and Highlight that the and To assign to the highlight right-click the directory and as the highlight The highlight shown the the directory High Select the the Press the Highlight The its the intensity to the to white, the and frost to and the to that the clearly the the and to the as the to the Press the Highlight to release the and frost from Highlight, that they to their The and their the Press and OK to the the You when creating the highlight to that the included; Recording with Section Advanced
Section Advanced Lowlight High the of that selected when highlight their You the of these highlight creating lowlight lowlight that the of to to the highlighted that lowlight affects of the non-selected the playbacks affected. To assign to the lowlight right-click the directory and as the lowlight The lowlight shown the the directory You when creating the lowlight to that the included; Recording with the built from and You the assigning the to know which or contributing which to the the and to the allowing to choose the The
finished the the the currently and the The showing which and contributing to the that choose which to the option to the the or the that to that Once chosen OK to the that the the the the appear; The This allows to which updated, whether should track forwards, and whether should allowed when Recording with from Tracking and Reference The Editing Discreetly It often to to discreetly, or without them appearing rehearsal or performance To this, and If the appear the the High Either the the or the backwards that the the with that Tracking Recording If existing that to choose to the instead of to this these first, and the this to the selected or Track Backwards. If there playback when the appear and the Section Advanced
Section Advanced High the with of seconds, and of the and of the lights to seconds. This the performance. that the the which assign the of the Preferences Preferences Press the to to appear the instantly. To and You trackball and off; Trackball allows to and and without the onstage of The located the Trackball; when the that when off that the or instantly appear To the while to their the assigned or Alternatively, the to turning or off. 4OS to using the the II. to of from and the might to as light, or to light whilst rehearsal or helpful with malfunction, locking its and that as to the allows to the the or other
To To the the and the while Both the and commands the and Editing What You which the and the and and the indicated the The To which the The of the The shown the with text background. the Source selected the displayed. High Select and assign the to Select from the More options of the of the selected the The of the Section Advanced
Section Advanced The The High You and the of the The To the the the that appears when the Within this the as You or to them or or to them. The shown the with background or hatch selected the this wheel background: of the selected the this wheel
Section Physical and to and Copying from High physical playback that and inhibitive attached to playback. Each and Additional physical playback to playback wing or and attached to when them with the Record Choose Recording to to to or Choose the chosen You reference and to from its Copying the its location, and of the to the location. To Press the Choose of the that to the from. Press the Choose of the that to the to. To (and Press the Choose of the that to the from. Copy Press the Choose of the that to the to. To from
that this the or from the directory, from the Playback Once assigned to played back the or the of the Choose and as as The The the as follows: High Choose the from the chosen allows the to chosen or selected. If the LED ated then the chosen and the playback to this If the LED flashing then selected and the wheel to the playback and rates the Section
Section Playback The High The allows selected chosen the inactive onstage. If the already active then the or below). If there then pressing back to the previous the previous the intensity of the of this playback. the appear their intensity. the reduced, the of reduced proportionally. Flash: momentarily the of the of this playback to their as the to You the function of to the of the or Pressing or clicking the to that Choose The playback to the right of the The with the currently chosen You them with another holding the Choose while from the
The Playback The High reasserts of the chosen other the Asserting One the Others Release: releases the chosen of the inactive; Releasing or through the chosen information the appears immediately. the previous the chosen If there then back to the previous the chosen inactive onstage. If the already active then the or Section Playback
Section Playback Releasing Release High You from the that of and effectively the off; this known as releasing the To release Release releases the currently chosen Release Choose the Choose of the with the to release. Pressing released from the To the back to the when released, Release You release playbacks once Release. If other or active when release the then releasing to their the Library; the the Custom If other or active, then of to of them releasing the release and to their they the release and this that with To assign the release Choose the the the selected the and the Alternatively, Choose to the the selected Select the Release
You release created the of the Preferences Release You release options to to their the of or to of other when There Release options You assign release options the of each High the release Preferences If assigned release to and to to the release the to the lease Auto-release this to release the the of the and of the Release the another of the release the rather than the first Choose Select the release option from the Action of Section
Section Release Releasing Another High You the Release options the Action of the of the Preferences Preferences You assign to when released from the first when You assign Release the of each Choose Select Release Alternatively, Release the of the Preferences Preferences to release when another This effectively the the lowest playback priority; playback priority, Priority You Release Other the of each Choose Release Other
Alternatively, Release Other the of the Preferences Choosing and Selecting At of the physical of the chosen. chosen its choose LED the title of the shown the playback with background, and the announced the The chosen the back, and the playback section of the The chosen directly commands from the such as record, and when otherwise specified. There chosen To choose the choose associated with that selected. Selected only to wheel Selected to the and directly commands from the To the choose of while the choose of other selecting the choose to released become the choosen selected choose LED and the title of the shown the playback with background. chosen thru selected and You options that the priority, and other that played back the Playback of each Alternatively, options from the the Choose of the the High Preferences Choose the of the chosen the of the Section Playback
Section Playback and Rate High You the Playback of to the and the Choose The of the Playback You the the Playback of the Preferences Preferences You the function of each of the and Con- Playback You of the the of the the to the of the You that
Notes Function Release Rate what to when reaches the the wrapping the Action of to playback (otherwise known as released as that only from onstage. The release of the the the played. High If assigned release, assert or back to and to to the the to the to of Pressing the reached the to its first release Pressing the reached releases the and it to its first Auto-release The released as as the the completed its and Don't allow The the released or backwards. The which to their when the released; Releasing The which to their termined the when the asserted; Asserting One the Others The which the back to the when the (to first the and then back). of the of of Releases previous tracking as the to the Tracking released using the of the played. Section Playback
Section Action of when Action of when Actions Actions High the with the of the of the using the Action of Notes Action immediately immediately to the first the the the Stop of the whilst and the actively information and the when the back the assigned back and Rate You this action the Action of Notes Action The The to The released, Releasing Release BPM and the FX You to actions the of the Playback The when the from as the Release At The released when the to Releasing You the and actions of the the to the the of the the the to to that when exiting the Allows the to to the to the the of the the the to to that when exiting the
Notes On on/Flash off If to the as Latch The when the as the The released when the Release You without assigning them to physical intensity, the of that the of operation You from the Directory from the or from the from the Directory You from the Directory High You Release to release back as to off to flashing of pressing the the their irrespective of the The of the that flashed to. If and the to the flashed intensity Flashes the of the to the whilst the other (including Masters) to Section
Section Playback to High To that the the Directory deselected. Then the directory, and playback onstage, as physical the the of holding the Choose and then the The buttons the directory coloured to the Red: the of releasing. Grey: active and Teal: active and effects. To from the the Directory that the depressed. the Press the the The on-screen playback appear:
The from to right, the and Release buttons. These function the as their front The from the Command To from the command (and and playback used) the as to which actually To which 4OS the following High to intensity intensity (LTP) therefore the of that appears from the with the highest playback priority; Priority tion, options that Highest (HTP) this that the the highest to of HTP and LTP, HTP and LTP and beam 4OS with and beam (LTP) If the then the from the recently activated the from activated that that release the recently activated to the activated Alternatively assert previously activated that they the recently Section
Section HTP and LTP High activated Asserting One the Others You (LTP) from actions or asser- tions its high priority; Priority The or the with off, and You switch from LTP to HTP, allowing that to their highest rather than the recently activated of chases that to and without the information of the or when touring with to manually the of the to or the of LTP, HTP and LTP To to HTP: Choose Select HTP Alternatively, HTP the of the Preferences Preferences If HTP with the then using Release or Release the To release the of HTP the to releasing Releasing
Asserting One the Others active the of another that that and then the of You to of to without to this as asserting Asserting forces to their the To assert the attached to and the Choose and the The assert the that asserted to their the assert The seconds, assert each Alternatively, the the of the Preferences High Choose Select the the assert to seconds. Preferences If assigned assert to and to to the assert the to the Section
Section Playback Priority High the LTP the action the of this that with higher those with If their then the LTP to which and the and assign the of the of the to and the of that then currently active Conversely, apply the of those To priority: Choose Select the Playback Priority the to Alternatively, assign the Playback Priority the of the Preferences Preferences the that or the LTP applied. 4OS releases when of their other to to when released; this this option activated, the release and active when the released. To Choose Select
Alternatively, assign the of the Preferences with Effects If that when another or the of those the to FX to allow the or to the as as the to allow the other Feedback There which the of the High Preferences Choose the the Playback Select the and FX The of shown the playback and the You to follow the of Section
Section and Feedback The High The of shown the and the of shown the The of the information about the this that flashing that (Red): this that this other than intensity. flashing that its of those other playbacks. (Red): this that this playback intensity. flashing that its of other playbacks. The Playback The located the of the feedback each The Playback each the Playback displays the following information: If the empty, its shown. to while playback numbered to the first to the and The and of the This shown the change; .The and appear the from template The Template The and its the text and the counts If the released, then displayed, with the shown below. The and their If to and the top of the upwards to The as If the below then appears indicating the It the of the physical
the Playback with Playback Whether connected or displayed using the of the You these and them the of to the to cross-referencing the and the physical wing playback If to higher than the of the to stretch to with the of the of the information and Feedback You the of the of the The with High to to the of the which the Matching Whether the chase. If it then its BPM shown; as Chase options the The shown below. The the HTP The to Priority The to Release Other Releasing Another The high priority. Priority The priority. Priority The the as IPCB that this to only. The the as Manually Crossfading Choose the the the from the directory. Section
Section Feedback The High The with The displayed with arrow the of the when the arrow and the displayed; the indicated the completed the the arrow and the displayed. There options selected buttons the top of displays the top of the win- These to the (as arrow the Follow selecting Follow from the top of the the of to the as the played back. Follow Chosen: playback, to Select Follow Chosen from the top of 4OS displays the of the currently chosen If Follow Chosen off, the shown the respective of the chosen the of information or off. The displays the of 4OS from the and other editors, and It of the of when The To the Press and the then from the
The The displays buttons the top of the to information the following Crossfading appear the the following High Select from the the top of the touchscreen. displays the Effects: displays the the applied, with of the Sources: the that currently of the or and as with displays the that supplying the Compact: Compacts the of information the Compact Section
Section The High The displays the of 4OS from the and other and It of the of intensity when The To the Press and the then from the The
The displays buttons the top of the to information the following Crossfading appear the the following Advanced and FX Rates You the and rates of chase) High displays the Source: displays the that currently of intensity, the or and as with the that supplying the choose and the Choose the to the playback and fects rates the selected rates and Section
Section Scaling the of Effects Manually Crossfading High You this the and the Preferences the Rate The located the of the known as the wheel. The wheel allows users to temporary to the playback and rates the chosen and selected To the (playback, the located below the The wheel's displayed the playback the wheel the increase the selected while the wheel the the selected To clear the wheel's the active of the wheel the located the thruster. To permantently the the and the thruster that when the released. You the of the chase) holding choose and the third wheel. to and You the the and the and Preferences You to operated manually, allowing to the from to the manually using the Once option selected, the instead the of from the to the when from finishing when the reached. If when the the to and then from further from manually through the sequentially. To assign function: Choose Select from the
IPCB You the of intensity, or information assigning its as IPCB To assign to the IPCB function: You the of the the IPCB the as Chase You to chase. and each becomes the chase where the To as chase: High indicated the the ted You to when selected the that of and to the manually. the from the the the and that to with the then Record the to the chosen Choose Playback the options the the IPCB from the Choose Chase Section
Section High The Playback displays Chase and the (which to Each to beat, to chase that every the to holding the Choose the chase and the Chase the of the the following chase options appear: Chase the of the chase the amount of each that active as Length: each the to beat. This helpful when then the chase to or Chase Rate with Direction: four through numbers; Down, through numbers; through numbers; and Bounce, then through numbers.
You the following the of the Playback High Section Playback
Section Chase Rate with High the chase indefinitely or released. On the chase the the released or with Release On the chase released when reaches the Stop On the chase and the first If type other than chosen then assign the of the chase the behaviour actioned. Selecting Release Stop releases the chase when because of actioned behaviour or of using the The Playback of holding and the Choose chase manually to beat, such as of using Once 4OS the chase assigned. To the of chase using the Choose of the the chase attached while the repeatedly to the beat. 4OS
learn the of the chase from of this, release the Choose that with chases physical ones. and Tracking You with tracking the of the Playback (shown The of the Playback The options Notes Option Track Through You to of when text instructions the of the commands, High Choose Choose the Select the the and the command, then You of commands the selecting the the and the You to when using the to backwards through this to the without that to its rather than tracking through from the previous whether from the of back to the Through tion. Section Playback
Section Playback GM DBO below the High The the of the including those within the NOT the the and that write the of the playback this and as the rather as the assigned that the holding the GM This allows to the when the The GM LED shows the of the On: flashing: and If the GM with the to the the of the physical to from the If this then when the GM the shown the and the of the physical shown as To rematch the and the with the physical the the as the this the of the the The DBO the the and the the DBO light and restricted to with the of the DBO its light off and the The below the that assigned the to the to to or to whichever the
Inhibitive Inhibitive allow to the of of If the inhibitive then the that the the playbacks, and the inhibitive reduced, the four and that and these inhibitive then the as follows: Pressing the of inhibitive the as its to the inhibitive to when release the To inhibitive the The Playback the the chosen the than the Playback showing the the pressed, the Playback BO The of Inhibitive the Playback High Record containing the Recording the Directory. Select the group. To the the or the the Directory, or and the while selecting the group. Choose the to the Record containing the Choose Section Playback
Section High The of Inhibitive the each and the Assign the to assert the selected seconds. Assign the to the selected with the option to Release already Assign the to rather than intensity Assign the to flash to and to the To the function of each together with associated options: Choose the the the the or The of the and The of the Select the action to from the together with options. Press OK when finished.
The of the High the PIG while pressing of playback release that of the function assigned to that Section Playback
Section High The of the these of the and to the that the The options the shown the following
The and and Notes Function the the to assert the the assert Release the to the the to the first the the command the that and to to that instantly to the instantly to the back The and Notes Function the The manually: the to the to the then to the High Releases the to release the the release the that Select to the when backwards instead of the Select to the when backwards. the currently to own back the the back to to the to the The the Press to the when the Press Release At to release the when the to Section Playback
Section Playback the High The and Notes Function the The the currently the to their the or the This to the to You the function. If this than reduced when the pressed. Press On to the when the pressed. Press Release to release the when the released. Press to the of other to when the pressed. If the action of the the playback the of the and whenever the Choose the that the The ation options the shown the following
The Forwards, Backwards, and and Notes Function the the chosen to assert the assert Releases the chosen to Release release the release the chosen to the the chosen that to the first the the chosen instantly to the the chosen instantly to the previous the chosen back High the currently the chosen to back the back the the command that and to to that the chosen to to the to the Section
Section How Used Creating New High allow to of and inhibitive that they to the playback that each performance to the to the of the One within or or to template to the Selecting that currently and the and then assigned to the the created To the Directory. that selected the Directory, otherwise to this Press the Directory where to the created. the the created. the the physical playback and inhibitive that previously released, and their from the You this behaviour;
the of and/or inhibitive the physical playback You this The shown the the right hand of the Command there three options what to or itive that active: High Press the Next to to the the Directory. To to the and Next the Select the from the Directory that the the directory selected. within trackball to the Trackball You which when Next to the the the Directory. Copying and Moving Release releases and inhibitive the and them with the the If Active: active and inhibitive from the their release them. They then with the that the Background: the and/or inhibitive active the background, and attaches the to the To to the background back to the that On the the built-in themselves to match the Section
Section High You think of using the Background option as to and the to sections of further option, allows to back to where they the the loaded. If the physical then the the and to match the The and other of their to match the appear to the the and the physical of the front Release and selected this the Preferences Preferences The of the Preferences The of the Preferences If to or when the Choose when the The the background to
To release and the or inhibitive that the there Matching Background, the of the physical to to the of the the physical while then to and reduce the physical to and then back to the the the of the and the physical of the when If this or the built-in themselves to match the such as the and that or connected wing that the of the shown the together with showing the physical This known as the To "relock" (rematch) the the the as the this the of the the when High Section
Section Restoring Activity High You to and to when Activity. To this, the as which when the loaded. To activity: the Directory. to the and assign the activity: playback and and Select Activity from the Directory to the activity as the To directly the Directory. Select to to the spreadsheet Select the and the the and of the You of commands the selecting the and the To clear the the Directory. Right the and Clear Activity from the or Activity without the right clicking the and selecting from the appear as that Activity to to the
You or and inhibitive to or them, as as clearing the whole If which or inhibitive assigned to the then that assignment recorded as of the to and inhibitive (such as editing their with that and with the Copying and Inhibitive to to which of the of. to this the To existing to You from to another: You and inhibitive the and Inhibitive to to to the other of that other To existing to You from to another: You and the and Inhibitive from To or inhibitive from High Copy Choose to the selected Choose the Choose of the with the to Copy Choose the Choose of the to the to. Choose to the selected Choose the Choose of the with the to Choose the Choose of the to the to. Choose Section
Section Clearing and Inhibitive from Copying and High that this the item from the the item from the To clear and inhibitive from the the Directory Press Clear Current the Directory. that clearing the items from the the items themselves from the clear the and inhibitive that previously the physical released, and their from the You and the Directory. that the selected, otherwise directory the rather than selecting Copy to the to The of the the directory which when the Next You and that they appear the You then through the performance using Next rather than select- from the directory. To
You of that the or from the The Template The template which appear every without physically to them the containing the commonly of the which the of which this to the Template then appear the of If and template the the the template To the template To off the template right-click the template and Clear Template from the There template assigning template the to The template shown the directory Since the template typically to of template from the Next through with this the template You directly the template the directory or the and inhibitive that appear of they from the template shown the High Click OK to the Click OK to the If to to the action, Don't the You the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. the Directory Right-click the and Template from the Section
Section High with from the Template You turn this off Preferences Highlight Template Playback with from the Template If the template the the Playback including shown The Playback with the Template loaded The Playback with the Template
Section Command Creating Command and Command High Command user-created that existing includ- and Command the commands directory and the function the front of the (when the function to To the function and and The of the function displayed the (KIND CMD). To the directory the and the "Commands" the Command created the of the to assign existing to the commands directory or to function the front (when the function to CMD Please that the actually of to Press the directory or function the front the function to created they the and of the that they to. the or of command the and of the to and Command copied, and using both the commands directory and the function the front (when the function to To Press and then the front or the commands directory. To command Press and then the front or the commands directory; release the command the front or the commands directory.
To command Press and then the front or the commands directory. release the command the front or the commands directory. the Action of Command The action that when the directory spreadsheet and the "Action" Command directory selecting action the action The of actions Command the of the that Command to IPCBE The action "Select" Command to and The actions include and "Flash". The action High the PIG while to or release that or Section Command
Section Command Command Feedback High the function associated with that the following feedback to the of the to the Command to IPCBE LED the selected; LED off the selected Command to LED the onstage; LED off the onstage (released); flashing LED the actively (cross-fading, releasing); LED the Command to LED feedback to as recalled when and The commands directory feedback the of the to the
Section MIDI MIDI MSC the High MIDI (MSC) the family including 4PC. allows to the functionalities of the OS from other MSC or from output such as software. To MSC the of MSC to the MIDI the back of the If USB such as USB or USB to MSC the then the USB of USB to of the USB to the of the If the built input then USB LTC selected as the input If using USB such as USB or USB to MSC the then that from the input Network the Network Select the the the The MIDI of the the MIDI MSC
The MIDI of the MSC from the To MSC from High You selectively MSC input or the MSC option the options the input of MSC to the OUT the back of the If MSC directly to USB such as third then the USB of that USB to of the USB to the of the If using the built MSC then USB LTC and selected as the If MSC directly to connected USB then that from the Network the Network Select the the the the MIDI MSC Section MIDI
Section MIDI MIDI MIDI Notes High You selectively MSC or the MSC option the options 4OS and the following MSC commands: MSC MSC Command 4OS GO STOP RESUME TIMED_GO TIMED_GO GO_OFF Release OPEN_CUE_PATH MIDI and You assign or to MIDI commands: Choose Select MSC the MIDI commands from the Choose Select MSC MSC distinguish and as 4OS there MSC commands to To round this, MSC with CUE_PATH of 4OS the as instead. MIDI Notes of the well-established MIDI that to such as buttons, buttons, Touch Soft and Each of these MIDI to with
MIDI Notes the To MIDI Notes the Assigning MIDI Notes to To MIDI information to playback High MIDI to the MIDI the back of the If USB such as USB or USB to Notes the then the USB nection of USB to of the USB to the of the If the built input to the then USB LTC and selected as the input If USB such as USB or USB to the then that from the input Network the Network Select the the the Select the MIDI Notes and the MIDI Notes Section MIDI
Section MIDI MIDI Notes to High MIDI to MIDI input the or USB MIDI input connected to the Network the Network Select the the the Select the MIDI Notes the the MIDI assignment field, Playback to with the MIDI MIDI information the specified MIDI the following the selected playback and its associated To MIDI information to MIDI to MIDI input the or USB MIDI input connected to the Network the Network Select the the the the MIDI Notes of the the MIDI assignment field, to with the MIDI incoming MIDI information the specified MIDI the following the associated
MIDI Notes to and To assign MIDI information to the and 4PC): incoming MIDI information the specified MIDI the following the associated and 4PC): High MIDI to MIDI input the or USB MIDI input to the Network the Network Select the the the Select the MIDI Notes of the the MIDI assignment field, to with that MIDI Section MIDI
Section MIDI MIDI Notes to Soft High To assign MIDI information to MIDI to MIDI input the or USB MIDI input connected to the Network the Network Select the the the Select the MIDI Notes of the the MIDI assignment field, Soft to with the MIDI MIDI information the specified MIDI the following the associated Soft
MIDI Notes to To MIDI information to High Network the Network Select the the the Select the MIDI Notes the MIDI assignment field, to with the MIDI Section MIDI
Section MIDI High Click the Assign the field to MIDI to the MIDI Notes
to You the front of including the to the 4PC). the 4OS assign- The front hard-coded to the following MIDI brought distributed the and other Connecting To to the High the to the MIDI the If connecting Class USB input then this to the of the If the built input to the then USB LTC and selected Section MIDI
Section MIDI Incoming MIDI from MIDI High as the input If using Class USB the that from the input Network the Network the the the the MIDI as the active You the Network the Network Select such as or Press The If with selected, the with the the The the incoming type, and ation. when the and the to You of the the clicking the TIMECODE the The assigned to to from To as the Choose the to the of the Select from the
To from as manually, learn function to with Learn follow the incoming the forwards or backwards; generally, this behaviour might the rehearsals to of the and the to the to backwards the back- You this using Forwards Only: Editing To the to You to the and then the the amount, to the might of where each the If the the first to increased the the to increased to the 4OS allows to this easily: High that the selected. There the easily and and playback without to the each Choose the Select the the and From the hours, seconds and the then Choose Forwards Choose the Select the the and From the hours, seconds and the then Choose the Click and to the the of to Section MIDI
Section MIDI MIDI High Press the of the first then the selected the amount of or ted from the first You temporarily the using the To Press the the and input that Press the to the to from the clock as displayed that TIP the the to To the the "TIMECODE" the hand of the appear with of allowing to the
Section Sound Introduction to OSC OSC High Sound (OSC) based that to of OSC OSC input the family including 4PC. properly OSC to OSC such as synthesizers, tion software, and phone such as OSC to the functions of the 4OS. To OSC the OSC to physical that attached to the as the Network the network Right the and the the Sound OSC and assign the input to match the of OSC the IP to the right of the to the of other OSC
The OSC of the OSC To OSC from the High OSC to physical that to the as the Network the Right the and the the Sound OSC and assign the to match the input of OSC You the IP to to as as which to OSC Section Sound
Section Sound OSC High The OSC of the 4OS the following OSC and commands and Playback OSC Command Path 4OS playback playback Release lease playback playback playback Release lease playback Release lease
4OS the following OSC and commands input: the 4OS as OSC Command Path 4OS velocity velocity then On treated as off) velocity off 4OS the following OSC and commands and 4PC): the below the OSC hog/hardware/button as the front that the the front trying to to the the front the OSC playback High Section Sound
Section Sound High OSC Command Path 4OS choose Choose Rate wheel ton off, Trackball POS X,Y trackball Trackball tion three button four Arrow Arrow Arrow right Arrow Right
OSC Command Path 4OS button back- backspace tion mainback Choose choose 4OS outputs OSC the LED of front buttons that The OSC feedback to LED feedback the "clear" OSC to LED to clear High Section Sound
Section Linear (LTC) LTC High Linear (LTC) of SMPTE The 4OS to LTC the LTC directly the back of the or the LTC DP8000 through attached USB LTC To LTC the through the the LTC to the LTC IN the using XLR to USB LTC to the LTC inputs) Network the Network the right the DP8000 that associated with built this typically DP8000 the DP8000 to NOTE: You DP8000 the to LTC input the as LTC input the DP8000 process. Select from the right the the the to the built-in LTC (or USB LTC to
LTC DMX To LTC the DMX High USB LTC to of the USB the of the DMX to USB LTC the DP8000; each LTC input to "Index") the LTC to the LTC XLR Network the Network the the DP8000 that connected the LTC to the Section Linear (LTC)
Section Linear (LTC) Incoming LTC High the the to the LTC to You the LTC DP8000 the the associated with that DP8000: Network the Network Select the DP8000 the that to incoming LTC LTC directly this to the DP8000 that internally that the Click the associated with the LTC to
If with assigned the options that then the with the the From to right the displays the of the the that the type, the the clock and the of the the the to when the incoming or The from LTC assigned to to LTC To LTC To from as manually, learn function to with Learn follow the incoming the forwards or backwards; generally, this behaviour might the rehearsals to of the and the to the to backwards the back- wards. You this Only: High Choose the to the of the Playback Select LTC from the Each and Once chosen the that the selected. There the easily and and playback without to the Playback each Choose the Select the the and From the hours, seconds and the then Section Linear (LTC)
Section Linear (LTC) Editing LTC High Choose Select To the to Choose the Select the the and From the hours, seconds and the hh/mm/ss.ff then You to the and then the the amount, to the might of where each the If the the first to increased the the to increased to the 4OS allows to this easily: Choose the Click and to the the of to Press the of the first then the selected the amount of or ted from the first You temporarily the LTC from the To Press the the and input that LTC Press the GO located to the right of the to
High TIP the the to clicking the and then clicking of the buttons. To the the "TIMECODE" the of the appear with of allowing to the Section Linear (LTC)
Section to High There of to the the of and other to activity the allow of and to recorded playback. You to the such Asserting, Releasing and Masters. Asserting and Releasing Asserting and Releasing to these launched; loaded; Restoring Activity or plays; text commands that type or the the each
Notes GM1/3 GM2>7 of HM1,3:HM2>7 or AM1:AM2>7 or RM1:RM2>7 or Release RA RA to Release lease. RO RO Releases Release Others the with the FM2/50 to FGM10 the to CM1 Choose Notes GL1.5, GL2/5 If the the HL1,6 AL10 RL4,7,9 Release Notes GS12 HS4 AS1 RS6,20 Release High Section the chosen If the the
Section High and Notes CP3 CP+ CP+ Next CP- CP- Previous RV2 Notes ET2 the ted DT2 OTh1 MIDI MIDI The and its The MIDI Hex. Network Devices Notes RNH3 Notes GK GK GK HK HK HK RK RK RK You and from of commands the selecting the and the the selected such as DMX the type, the following DMX and to the the Directory, the template and to the previous the Directory, the plate and DP8000 specified as the type then required;
Commands To Alternatively: that command, then the to when Additional commands such as fading the of the seconds: within command, with or with right You them with You commands to specified to to to to DMX and IOP to to High Select the and Select from the the information the such as the Press to or another and If further command, the automatically. Select the and the manually the Press to finish. RS6,20 HM2>7 HM1,3:HM2>7 GM1H2 RND3 DMX Section
Section Recording High of and that to the executed, the recorded and actions manually or and recorded interactively and recorded the directory. To recording Record the Directory choose location the directory the Record If the location: Record The recorded the location. If the already offer options: the recording, the LED and the right of the to that recording commenced. and recorded the specified The the previous and recorded. recorded the allow to another while recorded. To the recording of The LED flashing and the from the to that the recording. To the recording of The LED flashing and the from the to that the recording.
You that displayed the Directory Playback Every recorded, the of the the of the recording. This that when that the the At the of playback, the with that of the If the the from the information. playback, become or with the playback. instance, information the command as the the the command become that items that to or the where and operations then this The then from the directory, and the replayed. the the operations whatever below the of items. appear the which used. This that the when the recorded, there that the right with the replayed. recording with of The and of buttons touched, then recording the to the other and the replayed, the the other the touch the High the Directory that the selected, that active when its the directory. Select the type the To immediately recording the to Quickname the and OK to select. While users with increased functionality, they causing the to Section
Section from the Directory High It to that than the with. This to as when replaying the Increasing the amount of the of the this The of the the of things the trying to once, and the complexity of the initiated the To the playback of Release Alternatively, You from the Directory OR To that the the Directory deselected. Then the directory, and playback. playback, the LED and The buttons the directory to the Red: the recording. the appear to the right of the
from the from the Command To from the playback, the LED and appear to the right of the High the Directory that the depressed. the Press the the The on-screen playback appear: The from to right, the and Stop buttons. playback, the LED and appear to the right of the the LED to Section
Section Editing High within or using information. You the of to editing: the Directory. the Alternatively, the command The The that each of the The the the of the and the to The of the Command: of this Command The that to the selected command. The type of command selected the type of Duration: The amount of the command to applied. This inform- ation and field. of the edited selecting the and Command and Command selections. Command Selection
Command Selection To To from the directory: High Press and whilst selecting the to from the Release the appear to the Click OK Click OK Press and whilst selecting the to from the Directory Click OK Section
Section Copying and Moving Steps, and High advanced to of the first of The first and the clears the If to to the action, Don't the You reenable the ation to Preferences and selecting Confirm directory items. To of location: the Directory. that the apply when trying to them. Select the that to its the directory. Press and the Copy Press the of the location the directory to the to. using the Copy the of to Similarly, to to location: the of to leaving empty. If the already to choose option: or recording or copying the location already recorded prompted with options of Steps, or If the option the The assigned free location the chosen, necessary. Steps: the from the the information to the of the overwrites the information that
High If know that about to record, or to existing or from the Record This appears the Record, Copy or Section
Section Direct of DMX Manually specifying DMX DMX to Source High the DMX the DP8000 patched as the to these with manually DMX or with streaming the from third such as another Both of these accomplished the DMX output following the instructions outlined this chapter. DMX To or of to the DMX the SETUP the front and the DMX the the the top of the DMX to the DP8000 and the the the spreadsheet (or highlight of and thru Press to (the To or of to based
DMX to To or of back to High the DMX the SETUP the front and the DMX the the the top of the DMX to the DP8000 and the Select the the spreadsheet (or highlight of Press the to the top (the played red) the the DP8000 and the its input and to to the and such as IP and as to when the input and to the Select the the DMX spreadsheet (or highlight of Press the to the top of the (the DMX the with the and through off/on as as through Section Direct of DMX
Section The With the Creating, Editing and High The users the to their The should when and there to High Generally that to properly built The only recommended advanced with lighting and Software knowledge. Knowledge of the DMX to creating library. This roughly the of the to creating to to properly built and the software. The allow to of built High and therefore should only Please that become of the they created built from or from existing within the (when V4 existing copied, of the of the factory created with the The exactly the of. You and the Patch the Select option from the buttons the top of the
The options High New: from scratch. Creating New From Scratch Copy based existing within library. Creating New Existing the user-created selected the To existing Created from the Section The
Section The Creating New From Scratch High the New the New Custom The New Custom The New Custom Within this the Author, and Notes. You choose to or from existing from within this the Count the of DMX the the DMX to to with DMX to type). the patched the patch to this DMX as the each within this (the as the first patch patch
currently allowed. Select OK to the information and the building process; Building the Creating New Existing the Copy From the New Custom The New Custom The New Custom Within this the Author, and Notes. The currently within the displayed. Select and to the existing to the Select OK to the information and the building process; Building the High Section The
Section The Building the Information High Once from or from the DMX the The the DMX to the as to the library. The and their the assigned to this library. Author: the author of the library. the of the to this library. Notes: the author. DMX Footprint: of DMX this of patch and their location this this to the information about this library. This the DMX the Several DMX each with or features. Typically each DMX or DMX DMX the DMX the New DMX Entry to the currently selected DMX and the DMX Entry to
DMX functionality combining DMX with the function and Select DMX and type the DMX to combined from the to DMX and to DMX functionality, the and Combined to Function This the function or to this function as the when the of intensity, Functions selected from that the following Unused, Intensity, and as of function. function and features. within function other each behaviour of the function and features the Each its DMX or of The function type the function what features the selecting function choice of features including: functions features that (Intensity, building library, as of function and it with DMX or function might each and Each of these should to the DMX to the DMX DMX functions and features, each with their DMX or of DMX This to the DMX or of the function and of the DMX this field DMX or of with the the would DMX DMX inverted to match the they to. If function as DMX function, then DMX and and If DMX of the allowable DMX the or matically of become World This field the or that displayed the when the function and used. The selected function and the type of within this field. function displayed as High Section The
Section The Created to High while or and You or of the the The World directly to the DMX that DMX then to the throughout the the World function/feature, the and the type this appear as as as to the type. World of the of the the or of become features allow to used. the rotating This directly to the DMX the DMX then the of would to DMX of to higher DMX and would to DMX Decimals with World the of features as or become when the World selected. This allow to the or from of appear the Additionally offset the the the of the This offset the the function when the wheel. Leaving this field the used. Additional function/feature selections World selections instance, function and allow World of or closed. Once built within the they within the You then these to the as existing within the selected library: the the to the Created and to
Once created, the as built-in High and the as existing You from to another the function. You the to and further created You and to and from user created You should containing to they to built-in Section The
Section The the New High This through the of building fictitious Follow the to library. Fictitious to to to to to to to to To the Patch the Press the Click OK the Press the New The New Custom to wheel to to Linear to Random to Shutdown Douse
the Author, and Notes clicking each and The displayed: High the Author. the count to match Click OK to this and the creation. Section The
Section The High
High Select the Function and appear with of function Intensity the to of function Select as the function. The and intensity assigned as the function and that the with Intensity. Select the DMX and the DMX the intensity and the World and the World to displayed and Section The
Section The and High and Select the and to that and to Select the and to that and to the and and Select the function the first and appear with of function the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function and the with Select the DMX and the DMX the intensity and
High Select the World and the World to displayed and This the of the DMX the of the to that instead then this would than existing as the would DMX of the the of the the Select the function and appear with of function Select the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function and the with Section The
Section The High the DMX and the DMX the and that the DMX inverted the shows and Select the World and the World to and the and Since the DMX DMX or the of DMX to increased this Select the Press the New DMX Entry to DMX the there this
each DMX High Section The
Section The High Select the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select Beam the to of Beam function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function and the with
each DMX High Select the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the first and Select the World this DMX Entry and of Select and the the other DMX each the Section The
Section The High Select the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select Beam the to of Beam function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function and the with Select this and Choose from the Select the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the to the DMX and Select the World this DMX Entry and the World to displayed RPM and the the of the using other DMX
Strobe/Control The of DMX to increased this each DMX High Select the Press the New DMX Entry to DMX the there this Section The
Section The High Select the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function the with the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the to the DMX and Select the World this DMX Entry and of options. Select the option and the the closed of the the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function the with Select this and Choose Rate from the Select the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the Linear to the DMX and Select the World this DMX Entry and the World to displayed and the of the commands from Select the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the function the with this and Choose from the Select the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the to the DMX and the the shutdown of the that World allowed
commands from that World allowed the should to the below: High Select the function DMX Entry of and appear with of function Select the to of function Select as the function. The and assigned as the the with Select this and Choose Douse from the Select the DMX this DMX Entry and the DMX the to the DMX and the the of the Section The
Section The High To the Press the to the library. If found the corrections and of library:
the the to To the the each the High the and to the Created Select and the of to the Press OK and patch the and as Section The
Section The Custom High with the from the bear the following: and DMX, appear as (and DMX and function properly to the DMX inverted from the World The appear the The and functions appear the The of that and Notice each appears as although they the DMX
Section Commands High The the to or of the commands. The following its with and buttons, and with other
with and with DP patches the selected from the currently highlighted Backspace the or to their the assigned or the playback options the Choose the selected the of the currently selected Copy to to to Releases the or the to the rather Next the than the the to the rather Next than the the the the the intensity the (below the I- the Backspace the rather than the Directory. selected rather than them. the currently selected Record Releases Release the and off only). through the the the Un-touches and Touch rather than touching them. the action. High rather than to their to through its through the the to without Section Commands
Section Commands High with and the selected or directory items with the arrow spreadsheets and the of the when ectory Acts as to type when text with the with the with the rather than when the them. of the increased or tion to their rather than the amount. and the wheel increased then to and to the wheel with allows of the that each of the wheel the amount,
Section Connectivity the Connectivity Application High 4OS of directly to the Currently ESP WYSIWYG, MSD, and Light Converse supported. The Connectivity the this connectivity to function. This section the information to the Connectivity as as the of the please the You the Connectivity from the High www.highend.com or or to the when 4PC. The following instructions the connectivity installation. To the connectivity the to the The operating and and then the Press Next to the process.
High The displays Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity High the terms the Next to The shows which features of the to and which location. to the location as to to the installation directory and this option to of the to properly. Press Next to
High This Ready to with instructions or the installation. Press to Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity High the shown:
High Completing the installation: when the to the Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity Connecting the to the Configuring the Network High The connectivity DMX the of and/or the information. to information of DMX input the selecting the input and to the connectivity. the the DP the right of
the when this If the the DP to and double-clicking the the the the field to Network then to Loading and finally to The and Info network information. The DP to DMX You assign and the this The field to the as the The field the and to the the right DMX Assign the to that other the Press Apply the Universes the DP the Patch to the Patch this of the DMX within to DMX and from to assign to to the DMX from of DMX DP# Universe the Press OK completing the High Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity the Connecting to WYSIWYG the Network High Once the the the and the should You the DP and the as as the the The Connectivity WYSIWYG to the of WYSIWYG WYSIWYG information. WYSIWYG launched, the DP launched and the right of
the when this If the the DP to and double-clicking the the the the field to Network then to Loading and finally to The and Info information. The DP to DMX You assign and the this The to the as the The field the and to the the right DMX Assign the to that other the WYSIWYG To WYSIWYG: High WYSIWYG the Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity High Click New to Select III DP as the The the DMX this or and The
High the field the DP when the Click OK to this the to the WYSIWYG the WYSI- WYG instructions. Once the bound, to the DP. the each DMX Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity Additional WYSIWYG Edition the Connectivity with WYSIWYG High of Edition (CE) WYSIWYG to directly to of If of CE to to specify which active within the WYSIWYG With the WYSIWYG to the and Universes The Universe Selection This the currently within this to the to from the Once the the connectivity the and WYSIWYG should You the DP and the connectivity as as the the WYSIWYG information back to to allow lights to to location rather than individually positioning the the to the WYSIWYG further the WYSIWYG selecting and WYSIWYG the You the functions WYSIWYG to the intensity, and CMY the active or the
that the that the or Troubleshooting or appears. or ME the The DP when the launched. The DP Locating The DP displays while trying to The Wholehog DP displays Couldnt while trying to The DP displays while trying to the WYSIWYG displays Could the following DP WYSIWYG appear to function. High The located. the Download and the from Microsoft and the Connectivity the the matches the the Ethernet that there DHCP the the both the and the the that another the the You to the Connectivity Application. www.flyingpig.com the that the the to assert the of the that the DP connected to the and that the the WYSIWYG matches the DMX and that another already connected to that Section Connectivity
Section Connectivity High that the or library. with the WYSIWYG ESP www.espvision.com WYSIWYG/Cast: www.castlighting.com MSD: www.martin.com www.capturesweden.com Light www.lightconverse.net
Section Software Software High software using from the Flying 4PC using 4PC 4PC To software 4PC): Download the FPSPKG from the Flying (once the where the the software Copy the to USB the USB containing the USB the to the and the Software located the of the to the USB and the containing the software to and OK 4OS with the without further interaction. typically than seconds otherwise noted the release the the boxes the splash to the the software You the as You to of the 4OS Performing completely and the OS operating isn't recommended with the specified the release or to software, that backed the To
Creating Bootable USB The following to bootbale USB to 4OS using Computer: High First that the backed CD or USB Download the of .ISO from the Flyinpig the .ISO to CD as as recommended right the ISO and as If to USB to please sections and instructions to bootable USB or CD-ROM the and Alternatively the USB created of the USB the the appears the built-in to the If Unetbootin to the USB this and the automatically) and If the the the front this the front HID To the front HID the while holding the and The three The front HID Pressing front the To the front to the or the while holding the and The without further interaction. that to Download and "USB to PC. USB of USB and USB (USB flash least 2GB) of USB the USB of USB ISO/IMG/ZIP and the 4OS .ISO that from the 4OS Section Software
Section Software Creating Bootable USB High of the USB and Select "Format the Click the of the USB that USB flash Click USB finished USB and to as outlined section The following to bootbale USB to 4OS using Computer: Download and Unetbootin If know to type the spotlight search field and as the first the search Click the to the USB to of the USB Computer. least 2GB and formated as the type: and You should of the USB this and type where the of USB and prompted type and (You such as MBR the and the and The should active". write the and to that type "Y" and and You the Unetbootin. Unetbootin Select the option and "ISO" selected from the USB and selected Unetbootin. the Unetbootin (the the with three and the .ISO that from the 4OS
the DMX Software Normally, the software the software of connected If necessary, the software manually: If the and software and the or the the the force the to its software the DP: DMX The the front of the DMX However as the information Once the DMX booted, the the following options to force of the DMX the and buttons four seconds. Once the I/O Disconnected the DMX to the DMX board firmware from the front as the Once the the DP8000 Bootloader the about the firmware reloaded. CPU and to to the CPU firmware the and as the The DMX High Click and Unetbootin to USB Unetbootin finished USB flash and to to as outlined section Network the Network The of connected DMX who's softwae match the software heading titled Right the DP to and Turn off the to the network that the DP connected to the and that the DHCP and options the network of the the three buttons the front and apply The should "Forcing software The its software from the and The and back to Section Software
Section Software High then its firmware from the Once the the Forcing Software the
Section 4PC Software High 4PC software that the 4OS based computers. You the charge www.flyingpig.com The software as offline or through the of USB DMX or DMX Processors. 4PC XP SP2 or to functionality. the 4OS of TCP/IP the 4PC from with each other. Not the of XP SP2 or of or active and/or firewall 4PC These typically the Splash to repeatedly Scanning its To 4PC: Download the the of 4PC from the Flying (once the where the the software the to the The 4PC operating and and then the
High USB (such as or nected from and the Next to The displays the terms the the Next to Section 4PC
Section 4PC High You choose which features of 4PC to The options which already Select and Next to
High the software the Files\Flying directory. You the to to another location the selecting location and to Next to The offer to the If to touchscreens with 4PC then recommended the the browser, and and the touchscreen from the the 4PC installation. Click Next to the installation. Section 4PC
Section 4PC High This Ready to with instructions or the installation. Click to
High the finished, confirms that the installed. Click You then prompted to Section 4PC
Section 4PC High It that this to 4PC to the with to the 4PC and shortcut to the 4PC appear to the 4PC the 4PC the 4PC and to the Warning the XP firewall or firewall products, the firewall TCP/IP tions the 4PC or that IP and IP that both to the to the with firewall further
Software You the 4PC from the found the 4PC should only the 4PC software Unpacking If USB DMX or should received: If USB should received: If I/O should received: High the then Select 4PC the of and Change/Remove. Select Next and follow the on-screen instructions to the of 4PC software. USB supply USB 4PC software CD USB Protective cover the USB supply with IEC LED with protective USB I/O USB Section 4PC
Section 4PC USB DMX High 4PC to of DMX USB DMX You of USB DMX or USB DMX or USB DMX to DMX of DMX outputs when DMX Processors. Connecting and DMX to 4PC those to through and DMX directly to or to To Network the Network Select the DMX the clicking its Network and the to the DMX of the DMX win- the The 4PC each of the DMX the DMX the To to output of DMX the associated with the and the from the of that appears. appear with the Click Apply or OK to the selection. The that nected should their Active, DMX OK and TX minated. appear with This that the USB DMX with 4PC and USB DMX You which connected to the selecting the to the right of the The connected to that its lights seconds.
of the DMX USB The USB and with or without the If without, the and internal USB function, and LED other The USB wing and the internal active (with supply connected), operates as It therefore to high-power USB to the internal such as the USB DMX or another USB USB when without supply, and should connected to USB the supply connected. the to Flying USB to should and the This seconds, should input from If this the the follow- section troubleshooting. High Section 4PC
Section 4PC the 4PC Interface 4PC The Interface High 4PC the with the splash Once or the 4PC displayed. The front of 4PC and to the front of the Click to the You and to the or when right the trackball, allowing to then and the trackball to the and of the selected To and another selection, and when the as holding this (and You then another or to further
Right Click right clicking of the 4PC the following options played: 4PC only 4PC shown. the 4PC software the of three or four To these that the the of retained of the that launched. High Workspaces: sub-selection allowing of the front to displayed. 4PC to their location the the to the 4PC the the on/off. 4PC to their previous the 4PC 4PC the 4PC and the title displays the the 4PC the of the The of the the and (which to the displays the Select OK Section 4PC
Section 4PC USB DMX High The of the USB DMX only with 2PC. These USB DMX to to with 4PC. Please High and purchasing, to and ID Once the purchased, each USB DMX This software, and authorization only with the specified follow these to USB DMX 4PC from the included CD-ROM. USB DMX that match the the cluded authorization the 4PC from the 4PC
High that the properly connected and the LED Next Select ID to from the To the selected the to the the If the displays DMX found!, USB Press Next to to the the authorization the selected and Next The thorization with the 3PC If the incorrect displayed. Click OK to the and the authorization each USB DMX and function they match the expected and ID The seconds to Section 4PC
Section 4PC High Once the You to another or or to the the of displayed. Please High further to to
Section Cheat Shortcuts High You to of the This using 4PC. You shortcuts and off using the or Break the shortcuts (known as the to the shortcuts; when text the The shown the Command the Command 4OS the shortcuts when expected or clicking the text completed, the shortcuts shortcuts when shortcuts the shortcut to the functional to allow from the the Command The following to 4OS when using US
Function Function or or GO or Break Shortcuts or CTRL ESC or or F11 Intensity Release F2 ALT Release F3 F4 Beam or Next F7 Effects or F5 or F1 or F12 or F9 or F10 or F8 or F6 ALT Choose Record TAB GO Backspace CTRL Copy CTRL or CTRL CTRL C Copy CTRL CTRL Select backspace Backspace and or GM Highlight ALT Choose TAB F1 F12 Right C Clear F1 F12 Top Next ALT F1 F12 Top Right High Section Cheat
Section Cheat Commands High The the to or of the commands. The following its with and buttons, and with other
with and Acts as right click. with DP the selected from the currently highlighted Backspace the or the playback options the the Choose selected the of the currently selected Copy to pressing the to the previous rather than Next the the the to the rather than Next the the the the I- the intensity the (below the I- the Backspace the rather than the ectory. selected rather than them. the currently selected Record Releases Release the and off through the the the Con- Un-touches specified and rather Touch than touching them. the action. the selected or directory items with the arrow spreadsheets and the of the when directory Acts as to type characters. when text with the on-screen High leaving to their the assigned or rather than to their to through its through the the to without Section Cheat
Section Cheat High with and with the with the rather than them. when the of the the options ESC when the increased or to their rather than the amount. and the wheel increased then to and to the with allows of the that each of the the amount,
section of the front High Section Cheat
Section Cheat High section of the front
Section Troubleshooting The appears to crashed or isn't to DMX High If with the the troubleshooting covered this chapter. If rectify the or think that the as should, please If software the where to properly, or immediately to the shutdown necessary; 4OS as of that and individually. when the appears to crashed or only that causing the while the of the normally. or the crash, while normally. restarting the therefore, should the restarting the process: Backspace the The that right clicking them and selecting the right clicking and selecting the which when the or that the the DMX shows Active. If then it the of the or connecting, or crashed. crashed, the and reconnecting the The light the DMX the
The Launched as expected The Unexpectedly should when while to front least inches from the the of within of the the front firmware causing temporary of of the and seconds. this the lights as seconds the front and functionality restored. If the the further from the High the The DMX and both to the the The DMX and both to the Network the software. The DMX and both to the of the software; the DMX Software that the to functions to their ones. Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting to to Reporting with the High reporting with the (known as that the information as clear and as to that the fixed. Please follow the below. Please to: phone Please include the following information The of that exhibited the including the of the software used. The actions that the the first including whether the repeatable the The of the The of The type and of DMX and Processors. What of routers/hubs used. Other or (such as Servers, and that the Once reported often the Flying to of the and information. Typically this with of the of the should to PC where to The of the software found the Info of the
Reporting with 4PC the of with 4PC, to as information as other and reporting please the following information: If 4PC crashes or the directory, Files\Flying the location when 4PC). Please this with to Reporting with the Please include the following information High 4PC software and of displays Connected USB Other of the including instructions to and the of reported the software The of the information. Incorrect information. Unclear or information. to information the The section where the The of the and PDF editions, this the title the of the The within the shows the the to this clicking home the of Section Troubleshooting
Section Troubleshooting About Software About Software High The software of four the the the release and the the the the release, and the releases of 4OS developed, High input from users. If learning about the High Software Testing please www.flyingpig.com
Section Service the High family serviced service technician. The information this section to only. and the removing the front easily replaced: With the LCD the the screws rounding the the front and Soft Only). With the LCD the (upright) the the back of the assembly the back (This Only) With the back the screws the back of the LCD assembly the from the front of the while this. (This Only) the from the and the from with assembly previous and the the front or easily replaced: off the off the that to
Cleaning often when they clean: the Trackball To the Trackball: High the four screws front screws with the screws the the and off the front from the to Gently the from the Unscrew the front screws from the top of the front and the the that completely the PCB. the to the board. To follow the the top crosshead screw (furthest from the lead) screwdriver. the top the whole mechanical assembly from the other, the assembly from the tracks and wipers with assembly. mechanical assembly. top and and screw. the cleaned and the the front Section Service
Section Service High the four front screws with the screws the the and the front from the to and service the front and the that Trackball to the PCB. this Unscrew the screws that the Trackball to the front You should to the trackball from the with trackball assembly and reassemble this
Section Information Protection Protection Shock High this to branch protection of A. If this without the to the following earth the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the which coloured and yellow ted to the the which with the or the earth or coloured or and yellow. the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured the which coloured connected to the which with the or coloured red. Class This earthed. locations only. this to or Disconnect servicing. servicing to serviceable
Informations Protection Incendies Protection Chocs High protection surcharges phase I. Section Information
Section Information High I. Servicearbeiten Fachpersonal A. usted o
VIGTIGT! LEDEREN MED GUL/GROEN ISOLATION MAA KUN TILSLUTTES KLEMME MAERKET High I. Non L' I. ELLER Section Information
Section Information High Earth Class
Section Technical Specifications and and and High From right to when the from the back: Musical Interface input, and thru MIDI in,out,thru: XLR Linear LTC DVI-I DVI Ethercon; Ethernet Universal rear, front USB: XLR Isolated DMX QWERTY 300W with Screen high Down: with Screen high From right to when the from the back: IEC (5A/250V rated supplied) 90-250V, 2A 5A
IEC (5A/250V rated supplied) 100-240V, 5A DVI-D DVI rear) USB: Universal top) Ethercon; Ethernet XLR Linear LTC Musical Interface input, and thru MIDI in,out,thru: XLR DMX Not included Class USB Supported) and 500W high and From right to when the from the back: DVI VGA rear, front) USB: Universal rear) Ethercon; base-TX Ethernet XLR DMX included Class USB Supported) High Section Technical Specifications locking IEC (5A/250V rated supplied) 100-240V, 5A
Section Technical Specifications and and and DMX and High 500W high From right to when the from the back: DC (5.5A/12V) 100-240V, 1.5A USB USB: Universal rear) XLR DMX (when DMX DMX 5W high locking IEC 100-240V, 4A XLR DMX Isolated, DMX512 EtherCon Ethernet USB-A High
and 200W 1U, inch Playback and with IEC 100-240V, 1.5A DVI-D USB input USB: USB-A High and 75W high Performance active TFT LCD Native (H), (V) (typical) (typical) (typical) (typical) Brightness: High Section Technical Specifications
Section Technical Specifications and and Performance 4PC High with IEC 100-240V, 1.5A DVI-D USB input USB: USB-A High 75W high active TFT LCD Native (H), (V) (typical) (typical) (typical) (typical) Brightness: Core CPU or Supported 2GB Memory: GB of free or higher-resolution Microsoft XP only),
shows, Please that using the graphics High Section Technical Specifications
C High Base-T of Ethernet that second) than the Base-T If to other that only this then this, and their Ethernet this Base-T Base-T of Ethernet that rates of to second. this of and with 100Base-T should with the Base-T abstraction 4OS the from the of such as of rotation, rather than DMX to earlier from through to tracking that the Also operated clicking with the or trackball or touching the this the buttons the front spreadsheet, containing spreadsheet chase of that automatically, connected with and attributes. CITP Interface the OS to supply the with thumbnail of nected User-created that existing
of information the using the and the that the relationship the plotted and the DMX to the or Conversion or other and should fused with paths. Conversion of the while the property of the other. achieved through the of recorded as of or and such as and of that consecutively, or taneously. These to chase, or manually from which the This assigned the Library, and the of touched tracking The the lights that intensity as 4OS. lights to as DHCP to to assign IP when existing this and 4OS this You should to the of the to to to IP directory which displays or DMX Short DMX DMX the monly to lighting to and High
High DMX and that of Each or of the first of the of DMX that DMX DMX with known as DMX each with and DMX DMX inch, mounted that DMX There DMX within lighting editing the of or The 4OS the to The whilst allowing effects to created. wheel ethernet of connecting together. It of Base-T Base-T IP which the of incoming, of assigning to spaced of to assign the of to operation. the of functions that collectivity of the There Intensity, Effects, and The front and that of that 4OS the and what The of the abstraction abstraction function
The of that of producing. type its within the of the Also known as graphical of information, and allowing the to with GUI with and selections, with selection information the directory. allow the selection of and, ordinary selections, and of GUI graphical interface The of of and those that the while those that tracked through from previous tracking HTP Highest this of operation, the highest assigned the that and the highest of the the HTP to where the of highest LTP The of notation. The the right of the to intensity. The of the of the incoming that increasing this inhibitive that of If the then the the IP On Ethernet each IP to You usually the High
High connecting to existing to specify to physical the front The the "button" that appear of functions the directory and and the of from the that they recorded LTP this of operation, the instruction to assign the of the that of another HTP The State the with where back of incorrect lighting of selecting information that to or group, when recording, selections, or Typical the intensity, and of and Choose buttons, as as One permanently and the directory. accessory that increases the of physical the graphic interface that displays of the selection CITP
MIDI Musical Interface. Allows of and and other such as lighting MIDI of MIDI the industry integrated of sound and that with other or buttons, to the that has. the or that to to each other 4OS this which that to other of and with them. show-critical should its The that the when operating as of Network items of connected to the Con- DMX and 4PC DMX The of the specifically, the that sound computers, sound synthesizers, and (OSC) other that The of the of the outgoing that this of the allowing to such as or of or type the directory High
High property of the light intensity. and and beam and wheel that the of once from the library, allocated logically to the patch The assignment of DMX to DMX patch The of information that where patched, including DMX DMX and DMX DMX DMX DMX of the that You assign that the to its the of the Paths should confused with the of while the property of The and with other to their function. where to ones, rather than them. 4OS assigned to that from the previous closed. playback wing accessory that increases the of physical who's initially whole numbers, whole and On the type of traffic. the of each the its that and to where and created or edited. The commands to the The which recorded chases, and fects played. recorded chases beats recorded and effects represnted when the of of
Rate The the of the and 4PC playback and Used selecting or of to The amount of the directory that to to that back or to back directly from physical or selection The which the selects the or 4OS this and apply or to the The recorded as of and The that owns Other the the that created the the such as the of SMPTE of that to the of synchronising lighting to playback. Soft The Soft the of and below the touchscreens. They the function of the of the where the incoming and outgoing causing or Also spreadsheet of 4OS spreadsheet to function that that playback from the selected active switch to than together, then of to allow them to Ethernet or Switch. High
High TCP/IP or that to to each other 4OS this which that connected to other of and with them. show-critical should the its thin with of buttons, that the top or of the this to Soft The LCD the which and allow the to information from them. touched that assigned or edited the which touched their tracking of synchronising the with other playback such as or 4OS MIDI, Linear and MIDI SMPTE that and path. The of of and those that the while those that tracked through from tracking of with that information it from the previous This allows to the without them with each other. touched UDP or that to to each other Ethernet. 4OS this which that connected to other of and with them. show-critical should the its built the allowing to of functions
USB Universal of peripherals such as and USB to playback wing of that with from the of without attached to physical the that allows the to their lighting to the The the previous and the automatically. Not to confused with the the building of both and that funtions assigned within the when selection white of white light to match the of with types, such as and that allows the of to the or PC USB. from input to DMX USB Allows the of to whilst its High