SUBWOOFERS GLX10D4 GLX12D4
GLADIATOR SERIES CAR AUDIO SUBWOOFERS Congratulations purchase of the Hifonics GLADIATOR The GLX subwoofers specifically with and mounting depth. their fool as these GLADIATORS punch! This includes of the information to GLADIATORS pounding the DVC High On Injection Surround With Leads Injection Shallow Mount Compact Installations Ridged with high products, professional authorised Hifonics knowledge and free and integrated installation. If choose to the yourself, please the of products, and technical www.youtube.com/maxxsonicsusainc
SUBWOOFER INSTALLATION AND WIRING DIRECTIONS Typically, or MDF Board) MDF recommended. Connecting to and to and high and to the Bracing recommended to and to strengthen the The the should to the There Corner Bracing: These the from heavy and MDF Bracing: These internal the top to the as front to back This the from or outwards. with that and screwed. or the the and to the below
of Terms The of (ratio of to or ratio of reactive to resistive of Mechanical Q. of to from the Cms Mechanical of of assembly. The of of the The of of DC VC inductance. input of the efficiency of closed or sealed of The of closed or sealed The of F3 The half-power of The of both and mechanical QL The of from DV of LV of Width.
to the backplate, allow the subwoofer when GLX10D4 GLX12D4 C C
the of MB Crunch and Hifonics products, USA Inc. Warrants to the purchaser the to from and workmanship from of purchase. other and of the warrantied to from and workmanship from of purchase. or option and free of charge the warranty that and workmanship and service that the to the authorized from where purchased. of the the purchase the and of the authorized to the as of incorrect installation, of or or because or of factory or authorized service and thing that should covered. This warranty to and specifically or connected therewith. This warranty to as Warranty and freight charges the responsibility of USA Inc. Warranty as of or covered this warranty and such as the of the owner. Warranty
PART#F1211