USERS MANUAL BATTERY POWERED SMOKE ALARM FG225 FG250 IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND SAVE. LISTED TO UL This information about operation. If this others, this of with the FG225 FG250 M08-0199-001 Printed INTRODUCTION choosing BRK Inc. You purchased state-of-the-art to with early warning of fire. (FG250 Only) Cover Allows fast, easy and Lighted and LED that the properly connected and supplying of what initiated the cover to of battery. Perfect or applications. RV Recreational One both features. Battery when replacing. BRK Inc., Corporation (NYSE: JAH) Street Road, IL rights Consumer Affairs: www.brkelectronics.com www.firstalert.com Family to including UL217 and to of combustion. of and fires. than photoelectric which to amounts fires, which and Sources of these fires include burning or grease fire the Photoelectric than which to amounts fires, which hours bursting Sources of these fires include burning or protection, both of each and every of home. FIRE SAFETY TIPS Follow and properly. matches or from and fireplaces and grease- and cooking the heaters and candles, from Dont clean, and them immediately they properly. that to fire. least fire extinguisher every and the fire or other of from BEFORE YOU INSTALL THIS SMOKE ALARM IMPORTANT! Recommended Locations and Locations to This the and when reaches its chamber, It to fire This ONLY early warning of fires installed, and located where reach and where hear as this This heat, or It or extinguish fires. The of Battery or of protection. About Where To Professionals least every of and every or Recommended Locations and Locations To What Can and Cant to fire, to It only sound once reaches the of Building This to typical single-family home. It houses, or Considerations This hearing impaired It that which flashing lights to hearing impaired this to other or It that to other Connecting to this from properly. Unit without battery The the the (Match to and to This which from closing This the without battery. this around boxes from reaching the chambers and the from AC boxes. too to the when the sounding. It to to the horn hearing. the the to the chambers and the from operating properly. HOW TO INSTALL THIS SMOKE ALARM THE PARTS OF THIS SMOKE ALARM FOLLOW THESE SIMPLE STEPS! OPEN HERE Power/alarm Cover or (FG250 only) Battery Mounting 9V This to mounted the or the necessary. with flathead screwdriver LOCKING FEATURE To the cover to the base: or knife, locking from back of base. locking the located the front of the as shown the to and battery. WEEKLY TESTING NEVER of to this You might or fire to the or to home. The built-in switch the as Inc. (UL). If the to properly, immediately. Products warranty to the Warranty DO NOT to the when the sounding. to hearing. testing, when sounding. It to this every to properly. the the recommended to this Press and the the cover of the the sounds (the to seconds release the If the and If immediately. testing hear repeating and the LED REGULAR MAINTENANCE This to as as there things to properly. the below. The properly with other batteries. rechargeable they charge. least once Clean the least once month; the of the using household the cleaners or they the If the becomes and/or and cleaned to the immediately. the sounds Locations to the becomes the about once (the warning). This should should the immediately to protection. If locking section instructions. Choosing battery: 9V battery. The following as #MN1604, #MX1604; Eveready You Lithium the U9VL-J service These stores. service the and the which installed. the specified this of the life, MUST the immediately once the (the warning). IF THIS SMOKE ALARM SOUNDS RESPONDING TO AN ALARM hear repeating horn and the LED If the and testing the of that NEVER the or death. the from operated to (caused cooking the and protection. or the from the The automatically. If the everyone of the house immediately. WHAT TO DO IN CASE OF FIRE Dont Follow family of the house as as Dont to or with the back of them. If cool, slowly. Dont and closed, through them. and mouth with cloth (preferably breaths. Continued... firmly and cover OPEN HERE. This the cover. The cover from the too This the unitthe cover hinge back easily. the the (or and the of each of the mounting with the where covered with when the mounting through each the screw anchors the with screws) the the screw anchors with necessary, they with the or the screws (provided) the screw anchors, then them the the screw heads as shown. cover. If the the the and re-tighten the screws. the battery. With the cover and the the terminals the match the the Match to and to the securely and If the snapped completely, the The when the batterythis Once the the light the button) once to the the cover the the WHAT TO DO IN CASE OF FIRE, and head count to the as as from then back burning building reason. ideas of IF YOU SUSPECT PROBLEM properly of or batteries, build-up of or grease the cover, or location. Clean the as and fresh battery, then the If to properly when the or the the immediately. If hear once the battery. If those caused cooking relocating the If the sounds when cleaning or relocating the The If the sound testing, battery, and snapped securely. try fixing the this warranty! If the operating properly, and warranty, please to Warranty Service below. RECOMMENDED LOCATIONS FOR SMOKE ALARMS The National Protection Association (NFPA), recommends and every the AC and interconnected. Agency coverage, recommended that areas, finished attics, and where normally (4C) and (38C). or other obstruction from reaching the More specifically, On every of including finished and every people with the partly or completely closed. the If areas, each. If than each At the top of the first-to-second stairway, and of the stairway. from to and from to with It recommended AC or AC/DC interconnected protection. INSTALLING SMOKE ALARMS IN MOBILE HOMES RVS security as to each as security, each those built or insulation. If insulated, or of the amount of insulation, to only. should where normally C) and C). WARNING: the vehicle and once while to as protection. AGENCY PLACEMENT RECOMMENDATIONS NFPA (National Chapter information, the National Protection Association's reads as follows: and Two-Family Units. Detection. Where or the specified and as follows: existing and two-family of each of the On each of the including existing and family A.11.8.3 More The of might early protection those from the protected the this reason, recommended that the the of those increased protection. The include the and protected the The of (finished or unfinished), or normally recommended, as these locations that operation. California State (CSFM) Early warning achieved the of fire and of the household as follows: each the vicinity, and Heat or the finished attics, and and attached LOCATIONS TO AVOID FOR SMOKE ALARMS performance, recommended AVOID these areas: Where combustion produced. Combustion when something burns. to include poorly and least from the of combustion heater, heater) where 20-foot or homes, recommended the as from these as The to these reasonable from and reduce Unwanted directly to these as as streams cooking the chamber of near the or steamy areas, or directly bathrooms with showers. least from showers, dishwashers, the below C) or C), including unheated or unfinished or dirty, or greasy areas. directly the or of or Near fresh or areas. from the from reaching the chamber. insect infested areas. Insects to the chamber and than inches from lights. with the from reaching the from reaching the To follow the installation below. On as to the of the as If this the least inches from the or corner. mounting allowed building the top of should inches and inches from the wall/ceiling below typical On or cathedral the first within feet of the of the measured horizontally. Additional the length, of the to NFPA or ceilings. ABOUT SMOKE ALARMS Battery (DC) operated protection when electricity the and correctly Units easy to and professional installation. they interconnected functionality. AC Can interconnected They electricity AC with (DC) back-up: electricity the fresh and correctly AC and AC/DC Wireless Interconnected the interconnected functionality as with without wires. Units easy to and professional installation. They protection when electricity the fresh and correctly installed. or and AC should operated with or this with battery-powered UPS supply) products or or wave the If about or UPS type, please with the to the hearing impaired: should the hearing impaired. They include and horn, and the of the Americans With Act. Can interconnected to with the and found that these to early of fires located, and as the and reaches them. If which type of to to Chapter of the National Protection Association (NFPA) (National and NFPA National Protection Association, One Batterymarch Quincy, MA building or of the SPECIAL COMPLIANCE CONSIDERATIONS This fire housing health homes, or of they once single-family homes. It fire warehouses, and which fire and the building this to protection these The following information to four building below: building the of AC or AC/DC only. existing AC, AC/DC, or DC as specified building to NFPA (National and NFPA building or fire protection buildings as households. family townhouse. It recommended every of the every and each Continued... SPECIAL COMPLIANCE CONSIDERATIONS, or building, This or fire already to fire or porches. this warning to or fire protection ordinances/regulations. long-term health This fire already to fire or porches. this warning to or fire protection ordinances/regulations. and houses and This fire already to fire or porches. this warning to or fire protection ordinances/regulations. LIMITATIONS OF SMOKE ALARMS played reducing deaths from fires warning they properly located, and and reaches them. They foolproof. the least that everyone from to Allow to fire and fire when they If or others readily to the sound of the or there or family with that assigned to them fire and the of emergency. It recommended that fire while family to their to the sound of the while and to whether they the of emergency. without Battery operated the or the type of used, or the correctly. AC the AC off reason or or station, fire that burns the wires, If concerned about the of or AC both of fires the reach the from fires or walls, or the other of reach the chamber and off the That why should each or or closed the them. fire another or of the the from fire the fire This enough to That why recommended protection least every and every every of with every stand-alone as protection as interconnected the fire interconnected AC with About or professional fire Interconnected earlier warning than stand-alone when heard. Though the this or heard the located closed or closed recently or the from TV, traffic, or other hearing impaired or sound those with and should hearing impaired to the fire or death, from fires reach the immediately. of this include with matches, or fires caused from foolproof. of that wear or You the to protection. or extinguish fires. They property or life. The should immediately operating properly. You should years from of purchase. the purchase the back of LIMITED WARRANTY BRK Inc., ("BRK") the of BRK and First products warrants that the following from and workmanship: FG225 and FG250 of years from the of purchase. BRK, its option, or this or of the found to the warranty with or or If the with of or This warranty. This warranty the purchaser from the of purchase and the of purchase to warranty performance. BRK service or BRK products the right to or the terms and of this warranty. This warranty cover wear of or from of the following: or of the or to the operating instructions, disassembly, or other than BRK or authorized service the warranty Acts of such as fire, hurricanes and or that included with this BRK or caused the breach of or warranty. to the hibited warranty of merchantability or to the of the warranty. states, or allow the or of or or warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights that from to or to to Warranty Service Service: If service required, the to to warranty service, the Consumer AM PM through To please the and of purchase when calling. Warranty Service to: TX Battery: BRK Inc. warranty, or implied, written or including that of merchantability or with to battery. Family of BRK Inc. BRK of BRK Inc. First of the Printed M08-0199-001