HS HS HS HS----2805 March
Declaration Declaration Declaration Declaration Precautions Precautions Precautions Precautions features features operations operations operations operations On/Off to Interface Interface Interface Interface Interface Interface Record Record Record Record Record Interface HS-2805
Text Stop Watch and as Advanced Info. Select Font Format Memory Format Card FAQ FAQ FAQ FAQ Factory Factory Factory Factory Specification Specification HS-2805
Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and hope using Please www.hipstreetonline.com Please that and the information within this instruction to using It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of Declaration The information this written The Company, copied, transmitted, distributed, or Although and the of the there that this free from or The the or that might the The the right to and this without the or indirect, related to or or or indirect Precautions the and performance of the the the as as strictly follow the instructions the violently. with chemicals such as thinner to field, field from or heating or the the and the and motorcycle to higher which hearing products and of them properly. HS-2805
features TFT playback: MP3, WMA, and WAV playback: MPG/MPEG, AVI, MOV, RM/ RMVB, and 3GP JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG, and TIFF TXT recorder: recording to MP3, WAV, or WMA Browser: and function Stopwatch, English, Spanish and SD memory rechargeable USB2.0 high-speed operation HS-2805
operations ON/OFF HOLD: switch, switch round or to to factory Earphone USB SD SD memory On/Off the switch to the ON/OFF and or off. HS-2805
The off when reaches the power-off the this function ineffective when the connected to Navigation or the or to and the item to or select. At round to or to Charging the the of the USB to the and the other to USB the the option the and to the hours to charge. OS: Microsoft and OS CPU: 1GHZ or Memory: 512MB of least 1GB of least Others: USB and CD/DVD to the of the USB to the and the other to USB the Select the option the or to the The the and the automatically, as operating HS-2805
The as and NO NAME To the to the or Computer NO NAME the Supported type MP3, WMA, WAV MPG/MPEG, AVI, MOV, RM/ RMVB, 3GP JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG, TIFF TXT should the should MUSIC Interface HS-2805
the with to interface. HS-2805
Select or previously played the now-playing the to and to It shows Music; the Directory the players internal memory. the the unknown title of artist with the unknown appear of this Interface to the the of the the unknown title as unknown HS-2805
the of the the as Directory Memory, Memory; Memory the player; Memory the and this Record FM and of the rating correspondingly. The to the the to Search: search to the directory from subdirectory; or to from directory. HS-2805
Interface Play/Pause: to switch and the seconds and re-appear once the where displayed. to switch or art to switch to switch to the previous or HS-2805 Battery AB to the
AB shown, indicating the of confirmed; shown, indicating confirmed. Then A-B If pressed, the back to which AB to switch or other Interface from to the and its to then to interface. You the the which appears; and to or Information: information of the rating the played (rating to or to the directory from subdirectory. and touch the to from right to to to HS-2805 and
to to to and then to the the to the and the the to than from the as The from from the EQ: the to the SRS SRS 3D Definition (ON/OFF). Advanced: replay replay In/Out HS-2805
Select <Music-Now Interface to the function and operation the as that of the as that of Directory the as that of <Music-Directory the as that of <Music>. HS-2805 Switch and
the of options include Thumbnail, and which shown as follows. and directory the HS-2805
manually, the and operation shown as below: the HS-2805
options effects: the as that of Information: Created options include and to the previous/next interface. the the right of the to in/out the when the up/down/left/right correspondingly; to selected options include seconds. options include Effect> <Information>, switch and the the as the Interface and options rotation: clockwise. the or HS-2805
Select Interface to the function the as that of <Music-Now the function the as that of Directory the as that of <Music-Directory the as that of <Music-Tag Search: search HS-2805
Interface Previous Touch playback interface, and appear to information the now-playing with buttons operation. They operation within three seconds. the to forward/fast playback or Interface <Scan and <Information>. the as that of <Music> to switch and to switch to the or to includes HS-2805 Next
Playback the as that of <Music-Add Screen from the which exited. the as that of Information the information of the Record Record Interface Interface to Record Interface HS-2805 sound
Switch touching Touch to Record to recording. Record Touch <Record Path> Record Format the of Record options include Mic Recording Path options include Memory, Card It shows Memory recording, Stop Record choosing to recording. If chosen, the the to Music-Record automatically. of sound Record Quality: High Stop to recording or Record the options:1~5. Stop items includes <Record Format> HS-2805 or
Select <Music> Interface to Reading the as that of <Music> Directory the as that of <Music> with to directory or the as that of Search, the as that of <Music>. HS-2805
Text Browser to to the or Down, and the 3s, 6s, 9s, 12s, and 15s. with this and the to automatically. to supported. to the Touch include <Select <Effect <Select to The text options include White, Grey, Black. to Interface Text interface to which options HS-2805
turning effects; options include Wave the as that <Music>. Select Watch, and Stop Watch Touch Stopwatch Touch to to counts and to to clear the records. Interface to featuring Stop HS-2805
the HS-2805
Touch to switch to the or Month. HS-2805
Select If shows Memory only, which includes EBOOK, FLASH, MUSIC, PICTURES, RECORD, SYSTEM, VIDEO and other Select the to and touching the Operations of the as Memory. Interface to the Switch Memory and to HS-2805
Select the Once selected, the the Touch to the Select Touch Touch to the to copied, and then to the selected or to to the to the Interface to the HS-2805
0S 60s; 5s. If backlight as the automatically; as the operation the backlight Backlight the The as otherwise, the operation the the shutdown the and including Month, and the three or and including AM/PM, the three or to choose, and to and to and HS-2805
Supported supported: English, Spanish and Select Tone The off tone or choose his four tones as on/off function. the Advanced Info information the players: Card Card Music, Select Font with the SYSTEM-FONTS the the user with touching touching HS-2805 and
Touch and the and The whether to recover factory of each recovered to factory selected. Format Memory The players memory formatted; to the formatting. Format Card Card to the formatting. Confirm or HS-2805
FAQ the hear the earphone. Serious Clobber Ineffective operation: the Normal shutdown the batterys capacity. USB or charger and to the whether to whether earphone the earphone whether earphone clean. to whether the other to serious and whether the correctly. whether the whether the PC and the player correct. whether the memory whether USB HS-2805
Factory rating Not classified EQ Normal Playback 3S Record Format WAV 87.5MHZ USA 6S Brightness unknown Memory 512M or Battery 4.2V lithium Operation >3.45V S/N ratio FM WQVGA TFT HS-2805
HS HS HS HS----2805
Table Table Table Marche/arrt Interface Interface Interface Interface Interface Sous-menu Sous-menu Interface Sous-menu Interface Sous-menu HS-2805
Sous-menu Affichage charge Information Formater Formater HS-2805
MP3 Nous informations, www.hipstreetonline.com Nous Linformation tous tout indirecte, tout HS-2805
TFT MP3, WMA WAV MPG/MPEG, AVI, MOV, RM/RMVB 3GP. JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG TIFF cyberlivres TXT MP3, WAV WMA charge Affichage SD rechargeable USB HS-2805
ON/OFF HOLD blocage bouton USB SD Marche/arrt ON/OFF ON marche) OFF marche fonction sactive HS-2805
Navigation tout appuyer touche bouton Charge fiche USB USB charge charge Microsoft OS RAM USB CD/DVD fiche USB USB Sous SANS NOM HS-2805
SANS NOM charge MP3, WMA WAV MPG/MPEG, AVI, MOV, RM/RMVB 3GP JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG TIFF TXT type. MUSIQUE. Interface HS-2805
HS-2805
Toute fournit toutes fournit information). chose artiste fournit tous HS-2805
tous fournit tous FM Mon fournit tous HS-2805
Interface Affichage Affichage Sortir HS-2805 AB
AB fonction AB offerts: Sous-menu Sortir Sous-menu interface (fin A-B HS-2805
Information afficher informations SRS SRS 3D basses (MARCHE/ARRT). HS-2805
interface photo, fonction tous fonction fonction fonction HS-2805 Affichage
HS-2805
Sous-menu photo, HS-2805
information, fonction Information afficher Format options options interfaces Rotation options HS-2805
tous fonction fonction fichiers interface HS-2805 Affichage
Interface informations relatives fichier Tout marche Sous-menu interface options fonction HS-2805
daffichage, information. fonction Format Information informations interface interface HS-2805
Interface touchant Affichage HS-2805 microphone
Sous-menu options Format WAV, MP3 WMA. options offertes, microphone. chemin options offertes, offerte interface HS-2805 Affichage
cyberlivre fonction afficher tous fonction HS-2805
Sous-menu options charge fonction options options offertes interface HS-2805
tout HS-2805
HS-2805
HS-2805
options CYBERLIVRE, FLASH, MUSIQUE, IMAGES, ENREGISTREMENT, SYSTME, VIDEO touchant tous interface HS-2805
tous rouge fonction tous. interface HS-2805
Affichage 0S 0S, options offertes option fonction fonction activera HS-2805
charge charge touches offertes, options Information afficher linformation tous tous tous tous touchant confirmer touchant HS-2805
Un Formater Formater toutes marche USB, marche. touche USB touche HS-2805
Non Normal Format WAV .-U. lithium Tension S/N FM TFT, WQVGA HS-2805