Instruction purchase of this Street MP3 player and hope using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. The contained this only, Please and the information with this instruction to using It this instruction reference. sincerely hope this high offers hours of the that cold, or the The Please charge the when of the following A. B. The continuously off C. The become inactive D. Cant the the while formatting or uploading/downloading as this the warranty. Specifications to and without While formatting the player, please the as FAT32. this of this with or Function 4GB memory MP3 WMA Works as memory (USB MicroSD memory USB EQ Classic, DBB Normal, Rechargeable HS-636-4GBBK MP3
to ON OFF: Switch (II): On/Off once) (M): once), to option and back to or back to (I): Next item or (To and (I): Previous item or (To and (USB): USB Function the the appear the From the pressing (I) or (I) to through each function (Music, To the function to highlight the function to Music) and (M) once to selection. Earphone
(II) to and to Press (I) to to the Press (I) to back Press or to the playback, (M) to the Option At and to and to previous Option options this You the switch the and option (I) or (I) to through items and then (M) to or At and to and to previous this the the the and (I) or (I) to through items and then (M) to or At and to and to and Select and (M) to to the field and (I) or (I) to then (M) to this and Press (I) or (I) to through text and then (II) to
text Press (I) to Press (I) to Press (M) to the option where and easy to this to think of the MP3 as to USB memory to MP3 and WMA to the from The MP3 displayed as You the to MP3 the the to to and the to (or Computer) and the containing that Left-click the MP3 or WMA and to the the the MP3 from Charging the the to USB. and the connected hours to charge the battery. The light flash Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right and the
MP3 Nous informations, www.hipstreetonline.com. Nous tomber FAT32. tout corps tombe A. charge B. C. touches D. marche. HS-636-4GBBK MP3
MP3 WMA USB) MicroSD USB amplification tous, rechargeable ON OFF (II) marche/arrt (M) option (I) (I) marche marche (USB) USB USB
marche, touches (I) (I) fonction touche (M) confirmer (II) (I) (I) or touche (M) options tout appuyer touche options options options touches (I) (I) touche (M) tout appuyer options touches (I) (I) touche (M) tout appuyer touche touche (M) touche touches (I) (I) touche (M) tout.
touches (I) (I) touche (II) (I) (I) touche (M) options MP3 tout USB. Tout fichiers MP3 WMA MP3 MP3. MP3 Mon bouton MP3 WMA bouton fichiers. toute MP3 Charge MP3 USB marche charger www.hipstreetonline.com section Nous fournir Service 1-888-4KOBIAN HNE Nous