WSR1000 instructions GB
WSR1000 reciprocating It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other WSR1000 operating Switch interlock switch information Technical Preparation and and Warranty Troubleshooting Declaration of conformity cover information these operating instructions, this of to The tions these to the of serious high The to the The tions found the fold-out cover these while the operating tions. these operating instructions, the to which these operating instructions apply to as the tool. Gearing section The WSR1000 electrically plastics and It professional The following items supplied: operat- instructions, The following when the The connected to supply with the information the type The only. The where the rounding of
of the Class II protection insulated) (as EN protection) Mechanical clutch protection) inversion Infinitely preselection with switch The the following Applications of Cutting Cutting and Cutting with and screws Cutting to thick insulation Cutting and Rip of Cutting to and to Cutting of to to Cutting of to to and to insulation Demolition Cutting through and through trays, and Cutting and through Cutting Technical WSR rating input of (A) Typical (weighted) action The offered Please to the information the type plate the and input of Right of technical
the following to the of injury, shock and fire Please and the instructions below the protective Wear ear protection Wear Wear protective Wear clothing. Dont wear clothing, or as become caught of the Wear the which should from the that the other the of the the influences of the surrounding account. Dont the to or and the of or the each Check the of the the supply and Dont or the operated correctly. ther of the or other that should to that properly and its function. or free of of mounting and oth- that its operation. or other that should properly repaired or authorized service oth- indicated this instruction switches authorized service facility. the the switch and off. the that the with the to the the and that they tion correctly the the recommended and Wear protection when the the the which force or to the of heavy to tree or Apply the both when To efficiency and when the of the the of length. To back, the of the least the throughout the It the and which The become unexpectedly. Switch off the distracted from the the supply from the to the rear. the the supply cord. Dont the the supply cord. Dont the to heat, or If the supply becomes while the immediately. or front of the when with the to and Concealed or and serious while Accordingly, the which and earthed grounded such as or of the become when inadvertently. Dont the with the switch while connected to the supply. that the switched off to the supply. the of the when the and when the and Follow the and instructions and the when or should high or of reach of or the of the and to and of shock. Repairs to the autho-
to this to the or of Accordingly, the repaired service or authorised wear protective and protective when as or or to the It than and frees both to the the of to that and wrenches from the switching Preparation It that the these operating instructions and The supply to the infor- mation the type If cords used: of type the and of section used. to this reduced performance of the and overheating of the cord. cords replaced. The recommended cross-sections and cords and Proceed and the when the the with the supply from the to that the of the clean. that the clean. Conductor cross-section Turn the locking counter- clockwise the the and the locking Release the locking heard to that securely the If the the the locking the the and then release the locking Removing the the from the to Turn the locking and the Wear protective The of the The recommended turning the wheel to the the operating switch the then the The and information concern- the choice of found the information with these products and the of selection high Recommended with finishing Non-ferrous The to performance. The from these the used, the supply and the employed. of the increased the the supply from the to of the the of and and Correct of the that the of the optimally and corners.
The should and when the action switched off. to to the the while the and without first with with the of the or the the with the front of the the and switch Press the firm- the and the reducing the of the to the the through the the the (the of the and then the and with The to shown the to as together with Accordingly, highest performance and when this with of and The this shown the of the of the found the Should included the please the or offers of professional and them or to the Please the instructions and of the following section. to that their the to the supply caused the of the The Corporation of this or and of the The outer casing of the from impact-resis- plastic. the shield and the protective from Clean the of the slightly cloth. Dont cleaning or cleaning. This the of the the of the free from and grease. Dont cleaning which the when the Clean the Dont to the of the Clean off and and from them from to with the clean and lightly greased. of the and that lessly. Dont the when or when the function faultlessly. repaired service Repairs to the sections of the trained specialists. Warranty warrants that the of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the Instructions, warranty within months from the of the and the technical This that only and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of only. or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. Additional excluded, such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the warranties of or specifically excluded. or and/or related immediately of the to the of the This with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning warranties.
of the from which The rectly they countries, already back recycling. Please service or further information. Should to the to facility recycling, as follows: the as as without the to and to the grease that This should of rectly. On account should grease allowed to the or to its the ground. The should as follows: assembly Recycling casing Gear housing Switch and and sheath Gearing Screws, Troubleshooting Symptom The the another and whether Defective or and Switch and Cross-section of the of sectional section Preparation to to switch Press the switch as as turned Turn locking as as from the as as and
WSR1000 EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG 98/37/EWG EC of conformity Reciprocating Designation: WSR1000 of responsibility, that this with the following and EN EN EN EN to the of the 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG 98/37/EWG CE WSR1000 Nous EN EN EN EN 73/23/CEE, 89/336/CEE 98/37/CEE. CE WSR1000 EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG, 98/37/EWG WSR1000 EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG, 98/37/EWG Corporation Andreas
Corporation Headquarters FL-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O. 325932/A