Corporation FL-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O. C WSR900 WSR900-PE WSR1250-PE WSR1400-PE instructions
WSR WSR 900-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR900 WSR900-PE This UL and CSA to US and UL CSA Producto as C US C US WSR1250-PE WSR1400-PE UL to US and UL Producto as C US WSR 900-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 900-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1400-PE WSR 1400-PE
WSR900 WSR900-PE WSR1250-PE WSR1400-PE reciprocating It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other and action switch WSR 900-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE) WSR WSR 900-PE WSR 1400-PE) switch plate Gearing section (hand the information and Functional Assembly and and Troubleshooting Warranty information and their meaning -WARNING- The WARNING to to tially which to or death. -CAUTION- Used to to tion which to or to the or other property. -NOTE- Used to to instruction or other information. Pictograms Warning Warning: Warning: warning electricity Wear protection These to the tions. The found the fold-out cover these while studying the instructions. these operating instructions, the WSR WSR PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE reciprocating to as "the of the The type and found the rating the of this operating instructions and to it when to or service Wear ear protection Wear protective Wear breathing protection the operating instructions
WARNING! and instructions. to follow instructions below shock, fire and/or serious injury. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Work and and pheres, such as the of or which the or children and while operating Distractions to Insulated with than the other.) This only If the the the If to the Insulation the the three grounded and grounded supply Applicable only to Class II with grounded such as and There increased of shock grounded. Dont to or tions. Water increase the of shock. the cord. the to the or the from from heat, or cords immediately. cords increase the of shock. operating W-A or W. These cords rated and reduce the of shock. what and when operating while or the influence of or medication. of while operating serious properly. wear clothing or cloth- and from clothes, or caught switch off Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrenches turning the wrench or that attached to rotating of the injury. overreach. footing and ance footing and of the ations. wear tion. shoes, or hearing protection and or other to and the to the or and to of force tool. the The the and the which it the switch or off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the or the reduce the of the of reach of children and other the of users. with and clean. Properly with to and to or of of and other that the operation. If the serviced caused poorly only that recommended the Accessories that
become when another Service service only Service or of injury. and information concerning to the information to each of the sections of these operating instructions, the following strictly -WARNING- and instructions! to the following and tions to shock, fire and/or serious injury. the to the that the ventilated. the which should from the the to the and below the free of Wear clothing. Wear other to touch the or the cord. Work from and To and when the supply and to the rear. Concealed or and serious while Accordingly, the which Unknown should examined to or the of or the right the there clearance the The the to first that the Empty the necessary. The or proof. the shock received. the that higher than the servicing only Follow instructions the section of this of unauthorized or to follow Instructions of shock or To and operation, the of the the the its and from and grease. the securely, with both the to the and tion and they or the of the or Switch the brought where the to the with the the cutting, the from the Switch the off allow the to to from the front of or the the Protective and that should operation and tionality further of the or other that found to or repaired properly autho- workshop otherwise indicated the operating instructions. of length. To while the least the the Mechanical that the with the and that they and the
Protect shock. with earthed grounded and the of the supply The supply should trained found. the of cords and these found. the supply the of while Disconnect the supply from the supply. The should repaired trained service using to this of to the the supply which the the supply cord. the of the the supply cord. the supply to heat, or cords and correspondingly as cords with and the of nected to cord. the when or or the of the to and, to Accordingly, the service insulated when where the or its cord. with of the and shock the Thermal The become You should therefore wear protective when the (accessory), when apply and to overheating the The when cuttings, Wear protective clothing. Wear protection when the the of the the with officially tion with regulations with the warning: This or to chemicals known to the State of California to and (or other to The professional The operated, serviced and repaired authorized, trained This of that and to the and the protective The and other the vicinity wear protection. Ear protection and protective should as warrant. They wear breathing protection used. Wear protection Protective the without the fitted. the insulated Wear ear protection Wear protective Wear breathing protection
Functional of the WSR WSR 900-PE as directed Typical include services, authorities, and forestry, struction, and struction, heating air-conditioning workshops and The and plastics. The The supply with the information the type The two-handed operation. the and the instructions. the to or the within its performance and with of the or reciprocating with containing of the WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE as directed Typical include struction, and struction, heating air-conditioning Technical WSR WSR 900-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE rating input of (L H) services, authorities, and forestry, workshops and The plastics, and The The supply with the information the type The two-handed operation. the and the instructions. the to or the within its performance and with of the or reciprocating with Cutting containing The items Reciprocating and instructions and the of operating and
with with with with with with with action off WSR900-PE WSR1250-PE WSR1400-PE) insulated Protection II insulated) Right of technical Assembly -NOTE- The comply with the infor- mation the type The of the The of of Wear protective If cords used: of type the and of section. to this reduced performance and the to overheat. cords. correspondingly and Recommended sections and Conductor section AWG the the supply from the that the of the clean. The should clean. with Turn the locking counter- clockwise and this the the Release the locking and allow to back. It should heard to that the the the the supply from the Turn the locking counter- clockwise and it this -CAUTION- the of the the front of the Release the locking the The to of the and to corners. the supply from the the Press the and this the or back the Release the the to that the (accessory) the supply from the the Press the and this the from the the front. the the from the front the Release the the to that the screw to the the around the locking the to the fitting. -NOTE- The should the (accessory) the supply from the the the around the front section from and the the the from the front. the turning the screw the Positioning the (accessory) the supply from the the screw the Bring the the the turning the screw the
The of the The of Wear protective The and the The and to the and Wear protective and breath- protection. of the the hear- Wear ear protection. -NOTE- To performance and ease the the only that the -WARNING- the from the the from the once the to the the to The becomes when There of burning the touched. Wear protective -CAUTION- -WARNING- -WARNING- -CAUTION- Switching on/off the supply the Press the and then the switch. the The recommended selected turn- the the switch the tool then to the The The recommended and information concerning the choice of found the infor- mation and the of Recommended rates high to Recommended with finishing, Non-ferrous The to performance. These apply when the (accessory) used. The from these tions the used, the and the used. the the to wear and the action WSR900-PE WSR 1250-PE WSR 1400-PE) of the action increase such as The action switched or off the action switch as as each the switch only when the action off action action off action
The should and when the action switched off. to to the the while the and without first only with with the of the or the the with the front of the the and the supply from the of Clean off and and from them from to with of the the clean. The when ufactured. of heavy that the inspected This increase the of the and Repairs to the section of the trained The outer casing of the from impact-resis- plastic. Sections of the from tomer the when the Clean the using and Press the and then the switch. Press the the and the reducing the of the to the It to that the the brought with the The otherwise or Once the through the the the (the of the and then the to the of the Clean the of the using slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the the of the free from and grease. cleaning which of the and that faultlessly. the or when the function faultlessly. If necessary, should repaired Repairs to the section of the trained specialists. and and that the and and that they function lessly.
Troubleshooting The supply. another and whether or The should and, switch The switch should and, The with with section used. section. "Assembly".) selected. the to the recommended the to section "Assembly"). switch Press the switch as as action action switch the action switch to to The action (only WSR900-PE WSR PE when WSR 1400-PE). turned as as Turn the locking as as from the and the or the and then the frome the pressed. Press the and the of the from which The correctly they countries, already back recycling. Please service or further information. Should to the to facility recycling, as follows: Dismantle the as as without the to and to grease that This should of correctly. On account should or grease allowed to the or to its the ground. The should as follows: assembly Plastics recycling Gear housing Plastics recycling housing Plastics recycling cover Plastics recycling Plastics recycling and and Gearing Screws,
Warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the Instructions, warranty within months from the of the and the technical tained. This that and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of only. or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the specifically the of merchantability and or and/or related immediately of the to the of the This with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning warranties.