instructions SID/SIW 14-A/18-A
ETL to US and ETL Producto as
STOP
ORIGINAL OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS SID SID SIW SIW driver/wrench It that the operating tions the the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other information Technical instructions and Troubleshooting warranty information and their DANGER to that to serious or fatality. WARNING to that to serious or fatality. CAUTION to that to or to the or other property. These to the tions. The found the fold-out cover these while studying the operating instructions. these operating instructions, the the to the SIW A, SIW A, SID or SID wrench screwdriver with fitted. and SIW SID Light switch (with switch switch SID/W release SID/W release Charge and battery) (optional) NOTE to instruction or other information. Explanation of the pictograms and other information Warning Warning: Warning: warning electricity
Wear Wear Wear ear Wear protection hat protection protective Wear breathing protection the operating instructions Rated of the as directed The SID 14-A, SIW 14-A, SID 18-A and SIW 18-A screwdrivers/wrenches. They and screws and and and releasing and to the health the as other of the or with its To the of and The should that that or where only permitted, there of and to the screw or these of with to the information the operating instructions concerning operation, and The professional and operated, serviced and trained, authorized This of that encountered. The and its ancillary when incorrectly or when as directed. The as follows: or recycling. Direct RPM Location of the The type found the type plate and the the of the housing. of this operating instructions and to when to or service
Nationally regulations The items instructions The items include instructions Additional items operating the ion, ion, or with C C ACS or C ACS TPS charge light constantly Charge C C LED C LED LED C C LED LED C Short S-BH C ACS Charger Charger C Battery Battery Battery Battery Hex. with wrench
Technical Right of technical SID SIW SID SIW Rated (including and (L H) Rated Rated II Rated III Three Three Three Three M8 M16 M8 M16 M8 M16 M8 M16 screws M6 M12 M6 M12 M6 M12 M6 M12 High-strength screws with locking with ball-notch and with locking with locking with ball-notch and with locking of the switch of the switch switch with interlock to switching while switch with interlock to switching while protection NOTE The switch to three II III SID SIW SIW of the switch of the switch switch with to switching while switch with to switching while
Position II III SID SIW SIW Battery Rated Battery ity Wh Wh Wh Wh Wh Lithium-ion Lithium-ion Lithium-ion Lithium-ion Lithium-ion of of instructions NOTE The section which, with the to the operating instructions. Accordingly, of the to this WARNING and instructions. to follow the and instructions shock, fire and/or serious and instructions reference. The the to mains-operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) Work clean and or spheres, such as the of or which the or children and while Distractions to match the the with earthed (grounded) and matching outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or increase the of shock. operating of
reduces the of shock. If operating location (RCD) protected supply. of RCD reduces the of shock. what and when operating while or the of or medication. of while operating serious protective wear protection. Protective such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off connecting to and/or or carrying the Carrying with the switch or that the switch or wrench turning the wrench or to rotating of the injury. overreach. footing and ance This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of reduce dust-related and force the the The the and the which the the switch turn and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the tool. the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions account the and the to of the operations from those Battery and only with the charger specified the charger that type of of fire when with another only with specifically nated of other of and fire. from other screws or other that from to another. Shorting the together burns or fire. from the battery, If with If from the tion or burns.
Service serviced using This that the of the maintained. Additional insulated when where the fas- tacting of the and the shock. Wear ear protectors. to hearing with the of Breathing protection the without that the relaxing and touching rotating Switch the the Touching rotating rotating to injury. the switch the or porting the Children instructed to with the The or those who instruction or WARNING: created and known to infertility or other or and or other injury. of these chemicals from lead-based from and other products and and from chemically- treated from these often this type of To reduce to these chemicals, the and should with such as protection the type of and to and from the and prolonged with Wear protective clothing and with and Allowing to mouth, or to absorption of chemicals. and the or to the The securely than and both to the that the with the and that they the correctly. and withstand the of the tool. or the and possibly to and the switch the off the the that switched to high or fire. This of or and them to 80C. of fire, or through with otherwise of of burning or fire. other than those with the or ance. of other or of the which of fire and the instructions to the and of the or the short-circuiting the battery. that the terminals the and the
from the the Short the terminals of fire, and burns. charge or to with cracks, or pushed-in and/or pulled-out If the too to this that faulty. the location where there of causing fire least from where observation and allowed to cool. Service the allowed to cool. the to that or and Battery and NOTE Battery performance the charging the battery. This that to as as performance noticed. the that it ready the cool, the where to sunlight or of heat, heaters or vehicle that reached the of their of and correctly to of the become when This serious of shock. Work that the that the ventilated. to poorly to the health. protective The and other the vicinity wear ANSI protection, hat, ear protection, protective and breathing protection while the Charging the battery DANGER the specified and chargers which Charging battery the first Charge the the first Charging that the outer of the and the
the operating instructions the charger further information about the charging Lithium-ion ready to when charged. Charging indicated the LED charger operating instructions). the CAUTION the battery, that the switched off and that the (forward/reverse switch the only the with this CAUTION that the terminals the and the from the the the the from the as as and heard to with click. CAUTION Wear protective when as the that the of the clean. Clean the necessary. with the SID 14-A and SID 18-A NOTE The with with locking the screwdriving the switch to the or the from the CAUTION If securely, the while with the CAUTION of to or others. the that the securely to the the Press or both release buttons. the of the the rear. and of the of the and the firstlatching If from the or that the of the short-circuited. such as screws, screw wires or from the or or these from with the and international tions when road, or the the as as NOTE Alternatively, the the securely this and then the the as as releasing the the screwdriving the switch to the or the from the tool. the locking the and this the screwdriving of the and then release the locking
with the SIW 14-A and SIW 18-A NOTE The with with ball-notch or with locking the the switch to the or the from the the the of the with the the the the Removing the the switch to the or the from the Through the round the of the the the the off the or NOTE The switch to the of of the interlock switching while the The switch when the switch the the switch to the right (as the rotation. the switch to the (as the rotation. NOTE The light of the switch The switch to the to of three Technical section). the switch to the Switching off The of the smoothly (increased from to the switch screws and the the switch to the or the from the the the Screwdriving WARNING and withstand the of the or the fas- and possibly to injury. the switch to the of rotation. the switch to the Reading the charge LED NOTE The charge indicated while the operation. Indication (LED only when the or when too 80C). The charge LED The charge indicated the the charging (please to the section charge the its charge indicated the four the of three seconds of the release buttons. CAUTION that the securely The allows the to to the The to the other of the the of the the mounting plate the provided. the with the screws.
and CAUTION cleaning, the from the to of Clean off and to the and them from the from to with of the CAUTION the its and free from and grease. cleaning which The casing of the from plastic. Sections of the from the when the Clean the using to the of the Clean the of the with slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the WARNING Repairs to the section of the trained of the and that faultlessly. the or when the function faultlessly. If necessary, the should repaired Service. of the of Charge the the first to life, charging the as as performance noticed. NOTE If of the further the Charge the with the with NOTE charge (as with or necessary. of the charging ative life. Charging with life. There memory (as with or should cool charging the to high as this and increases the of If the reaches charge, to or It to with this should Checking the and carrying and the that protective and and that they function faultlessly.
Troubleshooting The The or The heard to incorrectly. with or, tively, to charged. the from the and Service. The off switch cant pressed, the switch locked. The the and recharge considerably. the battery. The Battery than Service or with battery. The The the Clean the and with click. dirty. that the securely. Service the The or the Switch the off become diately, the and Service. The exceeded). CAUTION of the serious The burning of toxic which health or to high causing burns, burns or and of the This serious injury, to third and of the CAUTION of without them of reach of to or and of them CAUTION of the with or them to The switch the the switch to the or right. the right the heavy
of the from which or The correctly they countries, already back or recycling. Please service or further information. warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the Instructions, and the technical This that and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of the of the or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. Additional areexcluded, tional such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the warranties of merchantability or specifically excluded. or the or related immediately discovery of the to the of the provided. This with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning warranties.
Corporation LI-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed C Right of technical and S. E. O.