hiti640.book Monday, PM DL
warranty of with to this including, to, the of merchantability and Reproduction, or translation of this prohibited without written of as allowed the copyright rights The information this to without Copyright DL hiti640.book PM or or with the furnishing, performance, or of this Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS and of Microsoft Corporations. U.S. of Corporation. U.S. of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice (written Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese), or and other countries of and or of their respective and of Incorporated. of Newsoft Corporation.
DL We're that choose to the service, Inc. full-year of free service If or reach representatives or hiti640.book PM Customer Service hours the continuously the the of software or More templates to what to that this user free one-year service from the purchased the To and to If products normally, to the following Customer You the procedures to the If from to them directly You the hosted the You this troubleshooting www.hi-ti.com
The of You choosing DL Click The of the while the The the PC The of the Edition using The of PC About the To and service, please the following information of DL hiti640.book PM Inc. 3F, County FAX: City, Information www.hi-ti.com
DL Customer Service Information Customer hiti640.book PM Introduction Chapter Unpacking or Ribbon Cartridges Loading Chapter to Flow Application Edition Edition Chapter www.hi-ti.com
Editing Choosing and Amounts to Pricing Customer DL hiti640.book PM Introducing Assigning Templates Colors Texts Rotating Chapter Troubleshootings LED Lights Chapter Specification, and Warranty Specifications Chapter
DL Uninstalling Warranty Instructions FCC Information PM
DL hiti640.book Monday, PM www.hi-ti.com
the and than seconds, than to customers. What the Edition software, the software to DL seamlessly with and allowing to ease of to and the With DL business Thanks purchasing DL the business. You the of service to customers. The software graphic user interface as Introduction Chapter hiti640.book Monday, PM Capacity to Prints business) D2T2 Continuous-Tone High-Speed to www.hi-ti.com Heavy-Duty sheets and Detection
the clean and free of that the through the quality, light the DL To the cloth to the If cleaning required, the cloth with then the with cloth. hiti640.book Monday, PM sealed High of the the and photo the and information about using clean to the the instruction the Clean If the If there or scratches the outputs, the Clean to or the and photo of Ribbon Cartridge and the the www.hi-ti.com
Chapter This chapter the following topics or Ribbon Cartridges hiti640.book PM Unpacking Loading
Unpacking DL to the following items: Unpacking hiti640.book Monday, PM software CD USB
DL information, or Ribbon Cartridges the the of the the to using the USB cord. the to the hiti640.book PM to the information to the Loading of the The New appears the software copying to information about of to the and becomes seconds. the switch, the Turn the switch The light software to of the
DL or Cartridges DL the of or to three only. To other serious to or Ribbon Cartridges hiti640.book Monday, PM the as the illustrated. to the arrow the of the If the and The purchased Warning: the to the top cover of the from the the the completely the top cover.
Loading DL DL allows to photo other photo of and to and hiti640.book Monday, PM Loading to while the that purchase the accessory item when purchase the Although the photo and The the to with the from the the cover of the The purchased from Warning: www.hi-ti.com
DL Loading of the The allows to sheets the the the with the the with the the of the hiti640.book PM coating to the to of than once. The the to the or tear off perforated the and of or the the of the with the the the perforated the fits to the of the This the to feed the correctly. the back the www.hi-ti.com
DL to first to the to the with which the connected. hiti640.book PM to off the to the the first CD found the that shipped with the "Software CD" CD-ROM The Software The Welcome appears the Choose DL software. The appears the Click to the or to the process. On the to as the www.hi-ti.com
DL three to the section this hiti640.book Monday, PM www.hi-ti.com
With creating with right where or cards. The ease-of-use interface easily the sharpness, brightness or of the and the from anymore. to Chapter hiti640.book Monday, PM this section, learn operations using including: Edition Edition Choosing and Amounts Editing to Customer Pricing
Flow DL The following flows of software to hiti640.book PM Flow Choose Apply templates ImagEnhancer) type amounts
DL the to or higher, and the to the or hiti640.book Monday, PM from the The Select from then appeared the Choose High from the Colors the to or higher. Then OK To the www.hi-ti.com
Application DL and and Customer Choose and hiti640.book Monday, PM Application edited. The editing the that and high, ID that and amounts the connected. to of www.hi-ti.com
Edition DL CD found the that shipped with the "Software CD" CD-ROM The Software the where Edition hiti640.book Monday, PM to from the CD-ROM to the to the Edition" to the On the that the to this option. To this the Edition successfully. The appears the Choose Edition www.hi-ti.com
DL Edition The of the Select from Edition hiti640.book PM
DL the If there this Select Choose this when to the Include selection On the that the image(s) to hiti640.book PM Click the this to the Select Choose this to this to the the Click OK The appear the of the To the www.hi-ti.com
DL Editing To photo the the following: Double-click the to The the PM Editing displays the which the should Once the the to three and High information about pricing, Pricing Introducing the the ImagEnhancer. Click OK The edited the the right of the www.hi-ti.com
Choosing and Amounts DL and specify the amounts to each You choose to type. The Choosing and Amounts hiti640.book Monday, PM inch photo The and appears. the to specify. To choose type: inch ID photo inch ID Specify the amount of this allows to the another To while Select the to the right the Choose from the pull-down
DL Select the of the to Card Selected hiti640.book PM Click the Index If to the while clicking other to them. Click to the to Click the
DL to DL to efficientlly allowing to to the the the what type the and the right to the with At four connected to the If of the disconnected, warning shown the the to the to hiti640.book PM www.hi-ti.com
to DL and The the to the of from those One of the that the to business its Monday, PM Pricing includes built-in allowing to easily The the to business. www.hi-ti.com
DL Once selected and edited the these should right To the the located the of the hiti640.book PM inch ID photo inch ID photo photo amount without with
DL which or You the of charge or ID those or of instance, assign assign Low/Middle/High hiti640.book Monday, PM Click the to the You the of of when the of to from the the specified processing. To To or ID the and the or To to and the The that match the the ID or
DL Click the OK to apply the and the Click the button. hiti640.book Monday, PM The options To the Normal the without Click OK to apply the and the the with the to change. www.hi-ti.com
DL Customer customers information his/her telephone You or customers from the and You or his first/last Customer hiti640.book Monday, PM the options clicking the buttons. Click OK when with the Click the to the The information of the displays.
The the where the ImagEnhancer. The functions Introducing Chapter hiti640.book Monday, PM Templates Colors Rotating Texts www.hi-ti.com
DL Templates the that to with The the template that to assign to the hiti640.book PM Templates To the another template to the the from the If Click then and to the the Click the button. www.hi-ti.com
Colors DL the of to the selecting of the items. with and the to the where tones. hiti640.book PM Colors You to the and the would to choose and to the On the the Click the to apply the to Items
DL Texts the to which to The then appears, type the to the Click the Text Icon. the Text hiti640.book PM Texts to the the the from the If to the the text from the with the Select the of the text or text Click the to apply the Select typeface and Select the of the text www.hi-ti.com
DL Click the to the The then the to which to hiti640.book Monday, PM Click the to apply the to the and the On the should the following Specify the of of the Select the and month of the to apply Specify the of the If with the and to to the the the the editing.
DL the the of the rotation. You the to the rotation the from the hiti640.book PM Click the to apply the to the and the www.hi-ti.com
DL its Then, the ImagEnhancer the which to the Choose to the the or height of the the manually the choose to manually the hiti640.book Monday, PM Click the to apply the and the
DL hiti640.book PM www.hi-ti.com
This section to that If the listed, the updated or service Frequently Chapter Table hiti640.book PM LED Lights tions. type Ribbon The LED light Memory Ribbon of of off the and The the If this the www.hi-ti.com the or correctly. The or feeding correctly. the correctly. The correctly. the of processing.
Then turn the back The Turn off the and the cover of the to the Table the the that to the the cover of as as the DL and the The While from the hiti640.book PM the shipped with the Turn the The off. USB The USB and the might "Unknown ified. USB tion properly. already connected the the USB from the to the From testing, the first of the USB The USB other the the USB The of the USB www.hi-ti.com
DL correctly or chipset Motherboard, to the from or the to You the "Inf and "chipset chipset software: Table USB The USB Moth- rectly. hiti640.book PM Uninstall the and the Moth- chipset Then correctly. operation to 98/ME or The operating chipset the USB and the instead of USB www.hi-ti.com
the operating to or 98/ME. Table USB The operating of or DL "New appears the the and PC though the USB to connected. hiti640.book PM the USB shipped with the The USB the USB and back seconds. Static electricity or choose the "USB host" and "USB The USB function The USB shorter than USB securely connected. USB nected properly. "Unknown and the USB appears the the Clean to the Table or White the There might the thermal head,
DL This rarely to If of the downloaded from the the and then The The the The the incorrect. the Clean to the the thermal head of There might the scratch the hiti640.book PM the the to the or the with The of the or the the to the or the The twisted or curled. the the tear of the photo while the photo another The AC The (the the of the or You directly the the ribbon. found the www.hi-ti.com
to memory insufficiency while the Word and the and The USB connected, causing DL The the and Yellow hiti640.book Monday, PM If too to to or to height" the ImagEnhancer. photo only. While assign to the to and other the higher to or The too The ImagEnhancer to the The photo correctly www.hi-ti.com
DL software (including tection that while The software conflicts with another software Uninstall the software. protection The software conflicts with The software rectly. Software Related hiti640.book Monday, PM the peripheral or the software. or properly. peripheral connected to The software conflicts with the
DL hiti640.book PM www.hi-ti.com
Troubleshootings Chapter This chapter that and properly. the would to that should: that the operating that secured; or hiti640.book PM If to the the section the to known from where purchase the or service information to Customer this www.hi-ti.com
The LED lights the front of the to when there something with the If the operating and LED light or the following to what the LED Lights DL hiti640.book PM LED Lights Light or Normal ready Normal Stable Reason that the Light The of the the Normal OFF The of the to of the photo ON Reason Indicate the of the photo supply.
DL LED Lights Indicate and users the the top cover of the Ribbon Reason hiti640.book PM Light off the and then about The the If cant the automatically. the with the to the the the type choosing 640DL type Choose as type using the type The Ribbon to closed. www.hi-ti.com
LED Lights DL assigning to the too If other to release memory If the the Reason hiti640.book PM motherboard). You and the of the INF. USB tinguish USB and the USB or chipset software: Clean the directory The directory and and Turn off the and PC and them If the chipset
DL the properly, the as recorded the following section. hiti640.book PM the Turn off the and then The should the service If the to the the The of software from the successfully. nected correctly. If they the from the the and the USB and then them back off-line or
DL correctly the incorrectly the the the hiti640.book Monday, PM Please the Thermal Head cool The automatically. the correctly. The correctly. the correctly. incorrectly the Ribbon Cartridge This caused (about Thermal Head Overheated including and Memory Allocating Memory the cover of the The cover to
DL the memory of PC to MB RAM or Memory Creating DC to or higher. than to hiti640.book Monday, PM the The of Too If the the right to To the ID with rights to You to 2000/XP If the the right to To the ID with rights to You to temporary www.hi-ti.com
DL Monday, PM www.hi-ti.com
DL Specification, and Warranty Chapter USB I/O Interface PM DL Specifications (W) (H) (L) to Thermal Continuous-tone each YMCO inches with boundary Ribbon Cartridge inches www.hi-ti.com
DL PC to 98/ME/2000/XP 98/ME/2000/XP MB or greater hiti640.book PM MB DRAM or USB www.hi-ti.com
Warranty DL October revised Warranty warranty products Monday, PM free from and workmanship the which warrants to the that the products specified the of purchase the customer. Customer of of purchase. warranty covers those which as of of the and apply to software products, warranty to to instructions. warrant that the of or free. The other concerned with software warranties, please to of A. of Warranty Software, interfacing, ribbons, or other or software or Their warranties and services should the or or www.hi-ti.com
DL Warranty products, the of or photo or its and charges to service the the of which covered warranty, the If the If the warranty of software, or warranty of which covered warranty, or the option. and of the services. the specifications. as the to hiti640.book Monday, PM TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, NEITHER NOR ITS THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. If to or as which covered warranty, within reasonable of the the purchase the B. of Warranty To the allowed the this Warranty the customer's and C. of
To the the obligations specifically forth this warranty whether based tort, or other theory and whether of the of such or its third indirect, or Warranty DL hiti640.book PM D. To the that this Warranty with this Warranty to with such such and of this Warranty apply to the customer. these instructions these instructions reference. Follow and instructions the Instructions this or The causing serious to the the and the to operation of the and to overheating, these or covered. the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this near
DL Warranty or other should the Theirs products should or or heat or built-in If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of products the outlet the This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or Monday, PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to and with the instruction, interference to there interference to or reception, which interference or of the following installation. This and and, that interference If these of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference The Interference includes the following to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service FCC Information or the www.hi-ti.com
Warranty DL The users should or this without written from this authority to this or that fire or shock. of the of these products through as they the outlet from that to which the connected. Increase the the and receiver. hiti640.book PM www.hi-ti.com
This information and to expectation, including and The topics covered this hiti640.book Monday, PM Uninstalling
DL the first as Although there three the straight-forward and easy to follow. The three hiti640.book Monday, PM then the USB (Recommended) the USB cord, then using the www.hi-ti.com
DL If CD-ROM automatically, initiate or double-clicking the double-clicking the CD-ROM from Please the "Software CD" the CD-ROM then USB (Recommended) hiti640.book PM to as the the Click otherwise, NO the to The appears. Click to the process. Select 640DL from the The to the If to
DL the USB to the USB of the and the USB cord, then the hiti640.book PM The New appears and the From Select the to CD-ROM Click OK to switch off the The displays. Select DL as the Click Next Once the switched To this the of the the USB connected the the following Choose as the with the that the should "connected." Click Next www.hi-ti.com
DL Choose Select to the as the from this Click hiti640.book PM The
DL The Click Next to the process. Choose from Double-click the the hiti640.book PM Choose the or connected to to Click Next LAN. Choose the
DL to them from the CD-ROM. Usually, If cant them the type "D:\" CD-ROM the and of the Click Next Choose and DL as the If the the choose existing Click Next hiti640.book PM www.hi-ti.com
DL this Click Select to the as the Choose that Choose as the with the that the should "connected." Click Next hiti640.book PM The
DL If CD-ROM automatically, initiate or double-clicking the double-clicking the CD-ROM from the "Software CD" the CD-ROM hiti640.book Monday, PM The appears. Click to the process. Select DL from the
DL Not Found." Click The warning to the process. Then, the USB to the and Switch the of the The the automatically. The to from the CD-ROM. OK Monday, PM The www.hi-ti.com
DL If to from Click to the hiti640.book PM
DL To first the choosing from from the The Property Click the USB and right-click displays the hiti640.book PM The property the following About www.hi-ti.com
DL This information, or You choose what to when from this Click to the properly. hiti640.book PM Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to www.hi-ti.com
DL The information about the and or connected to this selecting this You from the to the category. Click to the The time-out included this this hiti640.book Monday, PM Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to www.hi-ti.com
DL Choose Choose to allow to to specify to The allows to choose associated with the Monday, PM Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to
DL Microsoft function the connected with the This that the located LAN and it as The ONLY when hiti640.book Monday, PM Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the Assign the and this You assign this necessary. information, to
DL The the choices of specifying each type. the necessary. The Select type from the scroll-down and photo, and hiti640.book Monday, PM the to the of the the as or the as Select the of to or to as ID photo. or The to the to the the Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to Function information. www.hi-ti.com
DL the The function allows to the and the You the hiti640.book PM The options Function with the the or "inches;" and sharpness. the to the brightness, and Click to the the to to the without and the Click Click to Click to the the information, to the to specified www.hi-ti.com
DL According to the of specify that fits to the hiti640.book PM from of pre-toned from the This option of tone the photo. selection Preference AREA C. You the of and to the and matching conducted clicking If to the the selection. apply the and the Click Apply to apply the OK to information, to selections.
DL information, Click OK to apply the and the to software this The This section shows the copyright information of the reference. hiti640.book Monday, PM About www.hi-ti.com
DL Click the USB and right-click from the The To the first the choosing from Property displays the hiti640.book PM when the that this section, to with those only what
DL This information, or You or the location and of the Click Preference to options Preferences Click to the properly. hiti640.book Monday, PM Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to
DL options this to the of the Choose Preference from the section. To the Preference hiti640.book Monday, PM Preferences Click Apply to apply the OK to apply the and the information, to www.hi-ti.com
DL apply the and the Click Apply to apply the OK to through the USB when the The the USB DL and the Connected. hiti640.book Monday, PM information, to www.hi-ti.com
Uninstalling DL with of or to You should the to the from Uninstalling hiti640.book Monday, PM Choose Uninstall USB 640DL from Click the The to related to to the installation. Click OK Click to the software from the www.hi-ti.com
DL Uninstalling Choose Uninstall USB Choose from Click to the software from the hiti640.book Monday, PM You to to The the