Bluetooth MODEL:HB200M
Table of Thank You Introducing the HB200M What Specifications GETTING STARTEd Turning On OFF with Wear It You It or Right Ear Wearing the as charging Sound and Waiting and What the lights Mean the HB200M with Phones Troubleshooting of Thank purchasing the HB200M Bluetooth This instruction and ready to the of WARNING! of sounds and high pitched tones. to such sounds hearing or The based such as the phone its reception and and the Please the below to this to this follow these the the to its lowest the headset and then the to the of this the the lowest and the headset where to the If increased necessary, the
slowly, and or ears, immediately and physician. With high ears become accustomed to the sound which to hearing without noticeable the headset while operating vehicle, watercraft or and while headset when activity that While such activity, the headset from ear or turning off headset from distracted, as to or of reach of The the and its wrapped toys The themselves or the they to the yourself. of the internal or repaired users. authorized or service the If of reason, including wear and tear or the to or other of the to and the where there of of The with The the other the with and from such as Introducing the HB200M Microphone (MFB) and to headset Press to headset and lights Press and to headset off and lights and then Press to or light charging
Ear What Can HB200S the following: Specifications to to hours with charging option from supply or to and hands-free Bluetooth Bluetooth Specification GETTING STARTED The HB200M easy to Turning headset and off To headset and the MFB seconds. Release the when the lights (both and lights) once. light that the headset connected to the headset connected to Bluetooth the indiction light flashing.
To off and the MFB seconds. Release when the lights once (both and lights) and then off together with tone The MFB function the headset functions with or other using HB200M, to with that the headset turned off the MFB seconds the and light alternatively, that the headset Bluetooth function of the to search Bluetooth (please to the Bluetooth to the HB200M. follow instruction This to or Bluetooth phone and selecting the option to or Bluetooth from typical the HB200M. phone then to with or OK the phone and with the or PIN phone when of to Wear It It or Right Ear The HB200M ready to wear right ear. If the the ear and to ear.
the Ear The in-ear assembled You ear according. the in-ear clockwise or counter clockwise about to the ear then with ear Wearing the as the the headset using the around the charging easily to the of the charging The and the headset tight. with the or other that the headset to STRoNG MAGNET! It to wearers and others with clear! and other To such as memory credit and Charging that HB200S headset first the to charge from or charge directly from with the provided. headset to the or connecting to the The light and then red, headset charging the turn from to charging
to Press the MFB headset to Press the MFB to active from the to phone to If phone allow this the MFB to the to the Press the MFB seconds when the phone to incoming phone the who to or hear Press the MFB once. the and then announce the to the through Please information about this Press the MFB when the headset and Sound and the the the headset to reduce the of the HB200M. Waiting and This and Press the MFB to the active and the Press the MFB to switch the Press the MFB to the active Functions with phone these features. further information.
What the lights Mean the HB200M with Phones What What this about headset headset connected to charger light flashes and then continuously charging completed headset connected to charger and light flashes light flashes connected or light flashes or light flashes charging HB200M of connected to the headset the This the freedom of only headset to both and the operation of the tions the headset functions as to Turn off Bluetooth function of the first connected phone temporarily the (the as the first the the paired, off the Bluetooth then the first paired Bluetooth function. the The headset to both automatically. the from the outgoing of the and the function the paired
Troubleshooting hear crackling the wear headset the of the as hear anything headset Increase the the that the headset paired with the that the connected to the headset from the Bluetooth or the MFB, follow the though otherwise You headset Follow the instructions the HB200M with other Bluetooth The HB200M to with Bluetooth It with other Bluetooth that with Bluetooth and headset and/or of the HB200M with the off and protected. including sunlight or below This and operation. High performance. the HB200M to or other Bluetooth The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and of such Other and those of their respective owners. Bluetooth that such as and without wires or cords information www.bluetooth.com. Bluetooth the that Bluetooth with other
Bluetooth the headset the hands-free or both. to features within the software. and encrypted Bluetooth and them with each other. Bluetooth the paired successfully. or PIN that phone to with HB200M. This phone and the HB200M each other and together. when the HB200M the headset of the to and regulations or