WSJ instructions
WSJ 750-ET WSJ 850-ET WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-EB
III II
WSJ 750-ET WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-ET WSJ 850-EB action and WSJ-DRS It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other and On off switch WSJ 750-ET and WSJ 850-ET) thumbwheel action locking screw release Low-friction cover information and Technical and Troubleshooting Warranty EC of conformity information and their -CAUTION- Used to to tion which to or to the or other property. -NOTE- Used to to instruction or other information. Pictograms Warning Warning: warning electricity Wear protection the operating instructions These to the tions. The found the fold-out cover these while studying the instructions. these operating instructions, the WSJ 750-ET WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-ET WSJ 850-EB action to as the Location of the The type and found the rating the of this operating instructions and to when to or service Wear ear protection Wear protective Warning: Wear breathing protection
Correct The electrically-powered action plastic, and It professional The or other and the include tion, or of the containing and W-CS WSJ-DRS W-ASJ SS W-ASJ AS Low-friction cover W-ASJ GL Hex. wrench 5-W-A SW5 W-ASJ AH WSJ-DRS information Location of the The type and found the rating plate the of this operating instructions and to when to or service WSJ-DRS as directed The WSJ-DRS only with the WSJ 850-ET and WSJ 850-EB. of the WSJ DRS containing or and of the WSJ-DRS or the the and/or the WSJ- DRS that the pulled cally This that breathing protection when the The only supply and with the its rating The items instructions, low-friction cover, wrench, Technical WSJ-DRS the WSJ 850-ET and WSJ 850-EB input Suction performance -NOTE- The front of the when the Attaching the the supply from the the the the the the from below the the and the heard to the the supply from the Press the buttons the each and them this the from the and the the rear. Release the from the the and of the
Emptying the released the when emptying the to the tory Wear breathing protection. -NOTE- the that the upwards. the supply from the Press the the each WSJ 750-ET WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-ET WSJ 850-EB rating of tool to to to to to to to to to to to to right) of action hose insulated with EN rotection II insulated) Vibration-absorbing Interference immunity with EN and interference with EN and information (measured with EN Typical A-weighted sound (L (A) WSJ-EB (A) WSJ-ET Typical A-weighted sound (L (A) WSJ-EB (A) WSJ-ET Wear ear protection! WSJ-EB WSJ-ET Typical weighted the Right of technical -CAUTION- the from the Empty the of the light- or, alternatively, to the (wear breathing protection). and of and cloth cleaning the grease or cleaning and cleaning the the becomes or that cleaning to thorough cleaning. or the should cleaned thoroughly to of suction the Clean the or cleaner.
information concerning to the information to each of the sections of these operating instructions, the following strictly -ATTENTION- and instructions! to the following and tions to shock, fire and/or serious the information the operating tions concerning operation, and Nevertheless, the and its when incorrectly or when of incorrect the the or the type of cleaner). To the of only the to the to to health. of the the tree branches or the to the that the that the ventilated. the which should from the the to the and below the of the or to the securely It then and both holding and operating the Wear protective Wear breathing protection the Wear clothing. wear clothing, or as these become caught Wear other the of the other to the or the cord. Work from and the that connected and correctly. To and when the supply cord, and hose to the rear. Concealed or and serious while Accordingly, the which and earthed grounded such as or of the become when inadvertently. the right the the which the as directed and when the and the operating instructions. of or items of other than those the operating instructions of the influences of surroundings account. the to or and or the where there of fire or the its clean and from and grease. the It efficiently and within the performance which the securely, with both the Switch the brought where the to The should when should high or where they of reach of the with the on/off switch. that the off switch the off the supply the Disconnect the supply from the when the and Switch the off of You to efficiently and the and clean. instructions and and
that and that they function properly without sticking. correctly and of the to operation. front of or the the Protective and that should and tionality further of the tool. or other that found to or repaired properly autho- workshop otherwise indicated the operating instructions. Mechanical that wrenches from the switching the instructions concerning and and of that the with the and that they and the The the ted to with the or the the Protect shock. with earthed grounded and the of the supply The supply should trained found. the of cords and these found. the of the the found to or its operated faultlessly. the supply the of while the from the switches service the switched off and properly. The should repaired trained service using to this of to the the supply which the the supply cord. the of the the supply cord. the supply to heat, or cords and correspondingly as the of Switch off and the tool. cords with and the of nected to cord. the when or or the of the to and, to shocks. Accordingly, the service Thermal Warning: Wear protective The become You should therefore wear protective when Wear protection when the the of the the with officially tion with regulations with the to users The operated, serviced and repaired only authorized, trained This of that the Proceed and the the protective The user and other the wear protection, ear protection and protective They wear protection used. Wear protection Protective the without the protective Wear ear protection Wear protective Wear breathing protection
The of the The of injury. Wear protective cords If cords used: only of type the and of section. to this reduced performance and the to overheat. cords. correspondingly and cords Recommended sections and Conductor section cords and correspondingly as the the supply from the Press the release and this the the the the and then allow the release to to its that the securely and the -NOTE- the the such that or the as ejected. the supply from the Press the release to the as as The then released and ejected. using -NOTE- of reduces to increases the -CAUTION- of the and to the greatly reducing the amount of and the the with the when or other that The when the with Connecting the the supply from the the the the the the from below the hose to the Disconnecting the the supply from the the hose from the the and of the the the from the the the from the front the the supply from the the slightly and from the the front. The blower the of and directing of the the action The four action and of to to the action to the to of the four action Please the following The the action the and clean- the The action I: action II: action High action
Please to the information with the of the the thumbwheel to tion and (fast). Please to the information with the of the the the supply from the the Release the screw. the slightly the front of the the baseplate to the to the the Tighten the screw. the the supply from the Release the screw. the to the the back to its the of the Tighten the screw. The of the The of injury. Wear protective The operation and the The and to the and Wear protective and breath- protection. -CAUTION- -CAUTION- the To to the repositioned as follows: the supply from the Release the screw. the back as as Tighten the screw. -NOTE- The with of offset of the splintering of the when the supply from the Press the the from below. Low-friction baseplate cover -NOTE- the low-friction cover to scratching the supply from the the the front of the baseplate. Press the cover the -NOTE- To performance and ease the the that the -CAUTION- with the from the the from the only the to -CAUTION- of the the hear- Wear ear protection.
the the to The becomes of There of burning the touched. Wear protective Switching off On off switch (WSJ 750-ET WSJ 850-ET) the supply the Switch the the off switch. Switching Press the off switch. Switching off: Release the off switch. operation: Press the off switch and then the switch Switching off: Press the off switch and then release and the supply from the of Used should cleaned to resin as higher performance. the of fin or resin of the The when ufactured. of heavy that the inspected and serviced This increase the of the and Repairs to the section of the only trained The outer casing of the from impact-resis- plastic. Sections of the from tomer (WSJ 850-ET/-EB). the when the Clean the using to the of the Clean the of the slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the -CAUTION- On off switch (WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-EB) the supply the Switch the off of the switch. -NOTE- the only should used. the supply the the action to the tion. Bring the front of the with the the securely and the off switch. Press the the and the reducing the the baseplate and the Once the the the the (with the baseplate with the the the of the from and grease. cleaning which of the and that faultlessly. the or when the function faultlessly. If necessary, should repaired Repairs to the section of the trained specialists. and and that protective and that they function faultlessly.
Troubleshooting The The correctly. the to that the and the the The Clean the dirty. The The Clean the dirty. The The supply that the supply switched The switch or dirty. Clean the of the switch with cloth or the switch trained The switch The switch or dirty. Clean the of the switch with the cloth or the switch (WSJ 750-ET and trained 850-ET) The action The dirty. Clean and from the the action action. The dirty. the of the action and or The action the to the to the The thumb- Clean the of the thumbwheel or or the trained too high or too The the the thumbwheel) and accordingly. with the The fitted. that the or and that the and fitted. The the and or Clean the the or or The The screw the screw and release released or the Clean the the the and the dirty. and the accessory The of to the base- Clean the of to the base- (WSJ 850-ET/-EB) plate or the accessory and whether used. sory used. The The correctly attached that the correctly function. to the attached to the tool. The Clean the or The straight. The the the recommended The or The and force too the and apply overheats. high. The when and overheats the and The Empty the the carrying
of the from which The correctly they countries, already back recycling. Please service or further information. Should to the to facility recycling, as follows: the as as without the to and to grease that This should of correctly. On account should or grease allowed to the or to its the ground. The should as follows: assembly Recycling Plastics recycling Gear housing with Plastics recycling housing Plastics recycling Plastics recycling and and Gearing switch, (WSJ 750-EB/- ET) (WSJ 850-EB/-ET) and cover Plastics recycling Plastics recycling Plastics recycling Screws, instructions recycling Warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the operating instructions, warranty with- months other regulations from the of the and the technical tained. This that and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of only. or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. Additional excluded, such indirect, or or nection with, or reason of, the of, or to the of merchantability or specifically excluded. the and/or related immediately covery of to the tion or This obligation with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning warranties.
EC of conformity Designation: action WSJ 750-ET WSJ 750-EB WSJ 850-ET WSJ 850-EB of responsibility, that this with the following and 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG, 98/37/EG, EN EN EN EN EN EN Corporation Head of BU and Head of BA Light March March and WSJ-DRS
Corporation FL-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O.