Sport Bluetooth MODEL:HB420S
Table of Thank You Introducing the HB420S What Can Specifications STARTED Charging Turning and off with phone Wearing HB420S headset to Sound and Microphone to What the lights and Sounds Troubleshooting of Thank purchasing the HB420S Bluetooth hope This instruction and ready to the of The HB420S Bluetooth to with PC with Bluetooth PDA or other with Bluetooth The HB420S the following A2DP: Advanced Distribution Profile AVRCP: Remote Profile HSP: Profile HFP: Profile the of the AVRCP that allows to the from the headset buttons, to the of the this WARNING of this headset with both ears covered while
WARNING! of sounds and high pitched tones. to such sounds hearing The based such as the phone its reception and and the Please the below to using this to using this follow these the the to its the headset and then the to the of this the the lowest and the headset where to the If increased necessary, the slowly; and or ears, immediately and physician. With high ears become accustomed to the sound which to hearing without noticeable the headset while operating vehicle, motorcycle, watercraft or and while headset when activity that While such activity, the headset from ear or turning off headset from distracted, as to or injury. of reach of The the and its wrapped toys The themselves or the they ingested. try to the yourself. of the internal or repaired users. authorized or service the If of reason, including wear and tear or the to or other of the to and regulations. the where there of of
Introducing the HB420S Next Track I)/ Previous Track (MFB) (oN/oFF End/Reject lights Charging Microphone Ear Phones What headset HB420S this phone the function): the HB420S headset to to the following and to Next Track to Previous Track
Specifications to hours to to hours to hours Rechargeable with charging option from AC supply or PC USB operating to A2DP, AVCRP, and Bluetooth Bluetooth GETTING STARTED Charging that HB420S headset hours first the AC to charge from or charge directly from PC with the USB to the AC or USB the lights red, headset the lights turn off the headset Turning On and To headset Press and the MFB seconds. Release the when the lights four together with To off and the MFB seconds. Release when the lights four together with tone with or Other HB420S, to with phone or other with Bluetooth headset that Bluetooth headset turned off and The MFB seconds the and lights alternatively, that the headset Bluetooth function of the or the to search Bluetooth (please to the
Bluetooth to the HB420S Follow instruction This usually to or Bluetooth phone and selecting the option to cover or Bluetooth from typical phone the HB420S phone then to with or the phone and with the or PIN when of to Wearing HB420S HB420S to comfortably with the head. The microphone integrated the right wearing the to the headset both to wear or off the headset to the MFB headset to the MFB to active from the to phone to If allow this and seconds the MFB to the to the
Press the MFB seconds when the phone to incoming the who to or hear Press the MFB seconds. Whit the and then announce the to the through Please information about this Press the MFB when the headset and used. Sound and or the the or to the Microphone This the microphone the other hear Press the MFB to the microphone. Press the MFB to the microphone. Functions with these features. further information. to HB420 headset its when connected to Bluetooth The buttons the right-hand of HB420 They when the connected to the Bluetooth (AVRCP) the the Press the I) to Stop the the when Music* Press the MFB to the and the connected. The the the this Press the Next to back Press the to backward.
Notice: while the to the of to the to the headset to choose the sound through Bluetooth the of interface, and then choose HB420 the What the lights and Tones Mean connected to charger connected to charger What What this about headset Charging off Charging completed and light light seconds. (paired, connected with the Bluetooth light seconds. (connected with the Bluetooth light every second. light once every seconds. Conversation to
What hear What this about headset Microphone muted tones seconds Short tone every seconds Troubleshooting hear crackling Bluetooth which to the headset and the It the headset and the connected to within of each other, with the (walls, hear the headset Increase the the that the headset paired to that connected to the headset the or the MFB. You the Follow the instructions streaming from another (PC, MP3-player the other Bluetooth or and that the Advanced Distribution Profile (A2DP) active, or Please the other to to hear the buttons The connected the Bluetooth AVRCP, to the buttons to or These the of phone to hands-free Please to to phone with the HB420? to to Bluetooth of the currently the corded headset that the as of the HB420S with the off and protected. 45C/113F including sunlight or below -10C/14F). This and
operation. High performance. the HB420S to or other Bluetooth The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth Inc. and of such other and those of their respective owners. Bluetooth that such as and without wires or cords information www.bluetooth.com. Bluetooth the that Bluetooth with other Bluetooth the headset the hands-free or both. to within the software. and encrypted Bluetooth and them with each other. Bluetooth the paired successfuly. or PIN that phone to with HB420S. This phone and the HB420S each other and together. when the HB420S the headset A2DP (Advanced Distribution Bluetooth that sound. Both the headset and the to A2DP to hear A2DP sound the AVRCP Bluetooth that of the that the headset connected to. Both the headset and the to AVRCP AVRCP to of the to and regulations or