TM the High Inc. Texas U.S.A.
High Inc. Rights Information and Specifications this to without High Inc. responsibility or or that appear this or without the written of High strictly this DATAFLASH, Lightwave Research, and the Lightwave Research and High and the High of High Inc. Other and this to to the claiming the and or their products. High and other than its own. February, the DATAFLASH AF1000 P/N A1 Printed the U.S.A. M.D.T.
Introduction Congratulations and thanks selecting the the DATAFLASH AF1000 from Lightwave Research. About This This the to and This the following Introduction to this the specifications, and technical information. and to the Chapter to and back Troubleshooting and troubleshooting and of Warranty Information information the DATAFLASH AF1000 warranty. the of the existing Text Throughout this of to to its reference to the STANDBY reference to DIP switch DIP switch reference to the LED and Warning The following international appear throughout this to highlight and This appears to these to Warning: This appears to High Warning these serious injury. Introduction
Instructions and throughout this and the that AF1000 Servicing conducted the or other service There serviceable The the DATAFLASH AF1000 that to of AF1000 through of USITT DMX-512 The intensity of the edited of the AF1000 to to of AF1000 Lightning synchronization and warranty Specifications Width: Depth: VAC VAC to of to
High Service should or operation. Currently, service hours to through The or Introduction
Reference and Rear of the
STANDBY of when connected to intensity seconds and seconds arrow to and to the Rate intensity to the to the the or LED when beat LED that the of the beat, and the of the the intensity and of the DIP switches selects the of XLR that DMX to the 1/4-inch input AC Introduction
You the the following and instructions AF1000 the the back of the to that the location. the the with the AF1000 as actions the DATAFLASH with this This to DATAFLASH AF1000 only. and the of the AF1000 to the AF1000 further information. and This section covers the of the the of the The specifically to right, right to operation. AF1000 Switch the to properly the AF1000 the Personality and DIP switches the AF1000 information these switches, to AF1000 The Personality switches each the intensity/duty to Table while together, the causing the then they Personality Switch On Architectural
Next, each DMX This accomplished Personality switches and to the On (switch the off Finally, the switches to to Table the Table DMX Switch DMX Switches On Notes: DMX the and Rate causing the to erratically. The than AF1000 with other existing Chapter and
Switch The DIP switches the properly the the to the of If already to the the C DIP switch The DIP switches located the front of the the right-hand corner. to To the DIP switches, turn the switch that to the of AF1000 switch to the On and other switches the or DIP switches to the On the highest DIP switch and 19-inch or it If about XLR constructed, and to installation. the the terminals each of to that there or the DIP Switch Location XLR DIP switches
XLR to the of the and to the first AF1000 the of together. to termination required. AF1000 AF1000 AF1000 IN OUT IN OUT IN OUT If using the synchronization, 1/4-inch or 1/4-inch phone to the input the of the to Cabling Chapter and
the other of the to to Connecting the from to the input the and this action Warranty! The should from to of to built the and right together. Apply to the and AF1000 and If to If the yourself, High Technical Support.
this chapter learn to the learn to the learn about the learn to the Intensity, and to to This Chapter covers the of the and the functions of the There four of the EPROM the Function and Rate and to to Also, synchronization to the of the AF1000 Complete and included the of this the The information this Chapter. to the Intensity, and to If the to that when they The operating of the based The of instruction to the which which to the of the and the of the of The to to another to Chapter
from the first to the Then the back to the first and this first to the or when the The when the LED the STANDBY to allow the to located without other reached the to the topic found this Chapter), the STANDBY to and the to the the STANDBY of the the to AF1000 seconds or seconds The repeatedly or the which the to flash, the they finished their cooling that currently with the of the Lightning to this Chapter. Press the to (the to when the LED the The and the arrow allow to the Function and Lightning
allows another to selected without affecting the initiated holding the and the arrow to another The (LED the the to this active. The the released. Select seconds the Intensity, or the to to the The of the the of that to Table Table of of Chapter
Function Immediately following the three Function This of the of assigned Function annotated and the This of the following flash only and to Intensity. Following the Function the The Advance annotated through the from the to the the Rate of and the Rate of Lightning The of the These specifically to ground to and lighting They annotated through the The from the You and Lighting three the to the and release the to the the STANDBY the off to the and the to and the and to the of the Lightning found this Chapter further to the the of the Lightning
The intensity the of the AF1000 There three of and Function Advance. There Intensity These annotated the through with the and the brightest. Function Following the there Function to Table and the the of each Function. Table Functions of Function and Randomchanges every of the then the of then the then Function The Function Advance. Function annotated the this selected, Function and of of the Chapter
Rate The allows to the Rate which the within every There three of Rate Function Advance. There These annotated the through with the Rate and the Function Following the there Function to Table and the the of each Function. of Rate Function and then then four One fast, Function The Rate Function Advance. Function annotated the this selected Function or Rate of of the Table Rate Functions
The allows and synchronization of the AF1000 Press the and the arrow to through the of the following selected, to with actions of these through Function Rate and Function Rate or There of to and the of (off) four every beat The the and Rate or functions One the or intensity functions to the following section). with every four Three with beat. to seconds. through the of Rate of function through the of Rate of function
Rate or Within each there functions Rate and These functions annotated as through the to and the the of these Table Rate or Functions Function of Rate or beat four beat beat otherwise Rate beat otherwise Rate beat, then beat, then and beat beat, otherwise to first beat Function when with
Troubleshooting and This troubleshooting that occurred from or of the and the AF1000 technical follow the recommended procedures this to of the If the this and to please the with the information outlined the this Technical with service the the following information when Customer Country, other than U.S.A. and The ROM found this ROM of and the troubleshooting procedures that to The type of XLR that they purchased or built? Troubleshooting and A-1
and the following Table to to apply internal blown High service instructions DIP to switches of responding to internal blown High Technical service instructions to to apply to responding to XLR XLR with leads each both and as to to Table to properly displays C DIP to the switches of DIP switches and to to Rate DMX DMX the used, the the (about seconds) Personality switches than others DMX and to the On A-2 Table A.1: Trouble Shooting Personality switches DMX and to the On off to the of DIP switches
or to light properly connected, to the and light with or light to the too reduce constantly The the and the DIP switch to the and to the On when the and ROM To the ROM the switch to the and The ROM appear the and Cleaning You should and and malfunctions. precautionary the cleaning. To the outer with cloth or or to the built-up and blower, as this force the submerse There serviceable Servicing should conducted technician. A.1: Trouble Shooting Troubleshooting and A-3 High Technical
A-4
Warranty Information Warranty otherwise stated, covered and warranty. If the warranty with this and or to High Inc., and received within of the and warranty of years. and Lithopatterns or scratches to coating. It the owner's responsibility to furnish or of purchase, and or If purchase of to warranty Returning Item Warranty It to Authorization (RA#) from of purchase BEFORE The the as to whether or the covered warranty. covered the warranty. Product or to High to the protection of such Product or and such clearly and prominently to that the Product or and with Authorization (RA#) Product or with written of the or malfunction. Please shipped factory boxes and the purchaser. Items warranty the the United States. freight shipments accepted. include expediting such as airfreight. Airfreight the United States. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS WARRANTY IS THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF THE CONSUMER. HIGH END SYSTEMS, INC. MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCT, AND HIGH END SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HIGH END SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, SUSTAINED OR INCURRED IN Warranty Information B-1
B-2 CONNECTION WITH ANY PRODUCT OR CAUSED BY PRODUCT DEFECTS OR THE PARTIAL OR TOTAL FAILURE OF ANY PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN. Warranty the or unauthorized repairs or This warranty rights, and other rights which from to
This with of the that This information the the the following sections the location of and of the This section reference to the of based the of connected AF1000 Table ADM.1: One and and and ADM-1 ADM
ADM-2 ADM.2: chase chase and with incrementing and with incrementing and with and and with of
Table ADM.3: Three chase chase chase chase and with incrementing and with incrementing and with incrementing and with incrementing to and inverted and and with background inverted and with background and with of bounce bounce and latch, bounce, slightly Rate (than ADM-3 ADM
ADM-4 Table ADM.4: chase chase chase chase and with incrementing of and with incrementing and with incrementing and with incrementing and and and with background inverted and with background and with of bounce bounce bounce Rate (than
Table ADM.5: chase chase chase chase and with incrementing of and with incrementing and with incrementing and with incrementing and and chase chase and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, bounce slightly, (than ADM-5 ADM
ADM-6 ADM.6: chase chase chase chase and and and with incrementing and incrementing and and chase, chase, and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, slightly (than
Table ADM.7: chase chase chase chase and and and incrementing and with and and and chase, chase, and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and slightly Rate (than ADM-7 ADM
ADM-8 Table ADM.8: chase chase chase chase and and and incrementing and incrementing and and three chase, three chase, and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, intensity bounce, slightly (than
ADM.9: chase chase chase chase and and and incrementing and with incrementing and and and three chase, three chase, and with background and with background, and bounce slightly Rate (than ADM-9 ADM
ADM-10 Table ADM.10: chase chase chase chase and and and Intensity incrementing and incrementing and and four chase four chase, and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, bounce, slightly (than
ADM.11: chase chase chase chase and and and incrementing and incrementing and and three chase three chase and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, bounce slightly Rate (than ADM-11 ADM
ADM-12 ADM.12: chase chase chase chase and and and incrementing and incrementing and and three chase three chase and with background and with background, and bounce bounce and latch, bounce slightly Rate (than
Function Lightning Table ADM.13: Random Functions Intensity and to (sequentially) ADM.14: selected. A1 the that the and the that the Table ADM.15: Lightning top, heatlow to pealground to high activity, focused three overhead, to high activity activity, activity, back to back flashes of ADM-13 ADM
the following the of the through the Table ADM.16: Rate the following the through the Table ADM.17: Rate ADM-14 the intensity and the brightest and randomchanges every then the then the then selects F and of of the the Rate and the and then then four fast, every selects F and of of the
the following the of the through the Table ADM.18: beat four advanced beat beat otherwise Rate beat beat beat Intensity, beat beat Intensity, beat and beat beat intensity, otherwise intensity beat to to the first four beats every four beats, beat every four four advanced beat four beat otherwise Rate every four beats, beat beat four beat Intensity, beat every four beat Intensity, beat four and beat four beat Intensity, otherwise ADM-15 ADM
ADM-16 every four beats, beat to to the first every beat beat, beat every beat, four advanced beat every beat, beat otherwise Rate beat, beat beat every beat, beat Intensity, beat every beat, beat Intensity, beat every beat, and beat every beat, beat intensity, otherwise every beat, beat to to the first selected seconds