HS HS HS HS----3245 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3 Instruction Instruction Instruction Instruction
Thank purchase of this Street MP3 with and Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information within this instruction to using It that this instruction reference. sincerely that this high offers hours of Precautions the earphones follow these when using player. This reduce the of and or the yourself. servicing to of the heat to the from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the or Clean with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other the with earphones while vehicle or To the too high while Its that the earphones high as this hearing OS: XP 2K ME 98SE OSX CPU: or Memory: 256MB 100MB USB Instruction
Product and Battery This built-in lithium and should of household and recycling, please authorities. The recycling and of towards the FCC WARNING: This with the Class to of the FCC and the ICES-003. to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. Instruction
of of of of of of Table of of ON OFF Unlocking the to PC and Charging and Interface Interface FM Recording Interface Interface.......................................................................................................... Interface PC Applications Applications Applications Applications Stopwatch Instruction
Information Other Conversion Conversion Conversion Conversion What What recorded Software Conversion Recording and Notices Instruction
8GB memory high LCD player: with MP3, WMA, APE and FLAC with AVI 3MP PC FM browser: JPEG, BMP, GIF, PNG and TIFF TXT Compatible with MicroSD memory Instruction
ON OFF This ON OFF switch and The switch the ON to the the button. the switch to ON or OFF to the or off. the switched and the to the At and the to off the the to off the or the to to the Unlocking the If there the amount of the and displayed the the to the player. Please to further the locking to PC and the to PC with the USB and the USB the Hardware (or the to the USB charging interface. this the to the interface. Instruction
Charging This built-in high lithium battery. To charge the to USB the then off and automatically. the this and charge the of should the should MUSIC and recorded should the RECORD otherwise the the type of and to directory to or to operation interface Instruction
This operation. The interface shown the below: Click the to the function. Instruction
MM From the interface, the to Interface of the played of to back to previous and to rewind. to to the and Instruction the to where to or the to the
Interface of the the of the interface to the function. to the directory, directory, ID3 and to choose SRS WOW, WOWHD, USER USER to the or the options to each OK to the EQ to EQ interface, or the to sound and OK to Instruction
The with *.LRC and with lyrics. The of the the as that of the this function to there the lyrics with the of the played the directory, the lyrics of the displayed the interface. the to the playlist and playlist. the This to back to this through the information Instruction to to
From the interface, the to the the to the selected the and the appear anywhere the the directory, directory and Directly the and to and the the the to to interface Touch and to the Touch and the Instruction
From the interface, the to the the to the and the buttons appear the of the to the Instruction
From the interface, the to If earphones used, the to earphones. The earphones acts as the players and directory and directory: directory to the players memory or directory to within the memory directory. Choose slideshow from seconds. Previous Next to the interface Instruction
to search: to the search the to manually search Where theres clear found the muted. search: to the search searched and the search completed, the the the search, the to to higher to and FM recording interface. Select and US. Instruction or to search. or
FM Recording Interface the to recording. recording. the recorded recorded Record Recording WAV &MP3 Quality: High, Instruction to the FM recording interface. to
From the interface, the to the Select (TXT) to the interface. the top of the to the or towards the of the to the You the and the of the Instruction
the and to the and to or the to the to and the to which the to to. the to to Instruction to from the or
From the interface, the to the Select of Record and PC TXT directory to the memory or directory to within the memory directory. Previous Next Instruction
Interface to the this the to the top and to the Switch to of that Self-timer seconds or off. The off. to the interface. White The Brightness: to The The white, The off. path: The memory). Choosing to the memory (MicroSD included). sound: off, sound or The sound off, or and off. switch: to choose this to or the top of the Instruction
Interface this the to the top and to the to and of effects: Black white, off to the interface. Brightness: to The path: The (internal memory). Choosing to the memory (MicroSD included). switch: to choose this to and recording or the top of the While recording, the to the the recording and recording. Instruction
PC Select PC function to PC and the USB connected. With the the CD this as PC PC to and Please to the chapter to the to this From the interface, the to the Memory (internal memory) and Card Memory displayed memory and displayed referencing. Instruction
Applications Applications Applications Applications From the interface, the Applications to the Application to the interface. The the as that of the FM interface. Please to this chapter further information. Instruction
Stopwatch Stopwatch counting to initiate the Next to to the count. Clear to the the using Instruction
(English only) characters using the displayed. From the interface, the to the Instruction
Information read-only information). or off. and the Choose the the function using the seconds, and If there the the amount of the and the the to the Brightness There (The brightest the the the to the or of to the this function. this or the of to Instruction or to or icons. There
the off. There and The off. this function to back to factory when first purchased. The warning to confirm. Please that only the of the The and intact. Other Format or to formatting, and the selected item highlighted The to below PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WILL DELETE ALL DATA WITHIN THE PLAYER. or icons, the which the Instruction
Conversion Conversion Conversion Conversion The to AV (AVI) specifically this This to or when this as PC What converted This the from the following .AVI .ASF and .WMV .MPG, .MPEG and .DAT MPEG1 .RM, .RAM and .RMVB .MOV .VOB MPEG2 .SWF to WMV .AVI and .WMV .AVI .AVI and .WMV .WMV Instruction
What recorded This to to AVI Software the CD the PC and the CD the software. to Conversion this the from or from the shortcut. AV Instruction
software, the AV to converted, and or AV the the of the AV the input field as shown below; and, information of the such as the and path, and length, the the to converted the of each AV there and The to choose of AV to converted, and the AV as If that this AV converted. to directly the the AV selected or right clicking the the and choosing select or the pop-out To AV from the right the or AV and the from the Select the of the This C:\ as the of Instruction the right of the input to
the to specify the location the the the specified path, and then the which the displayed the of the interface. AV of the to such as the type (AVI or WMV), the intercepted and the of the There to the interface: A. selecting or AV the information to B. selecting or AV right the and to Select the AV the the to to the background Confirm that the of the AV to checked. Click the of which the and the from processed converted, and the the the to the the AV the the interface to the to selected AV Instruction the right of the the
selected and right clicking the and selecting the the pop-out and the and directly Recording and the the PC connected, the the when the PC completed, and the the the PC connected, the and the PC connected. Recording and directory the as the directory of the converted which specified clicking the the right of the interface to the shown. If Instruction the directory The
displayed the Click interface to recording or Recording and Record: the of the interface, the and recording the of the interface. recorded, the becomes and the the active. the recording the the and active. Stop: recording or recording the the to the specified directory, and the the active; to the interface, the of the displayed the of the interface. when the recorded the to the thumbnail of the and thumbnails; the thumbnail of the to and the and the interface directly the to and the the specified directory. of displayed thumbnail the of the interface; the thumbnail of the to preview. Notices To of QuickTime or MPEG2 please first To of RealPlay, QuickTime or MPEG2 (DVD) the directly played with the the PC, then the the played properly with the completed, or this properly. This to sound or Chinese characters the AVI from (SWF Instruction to recording, and the to switch thumbnails, and to the PC to recording to recording and the interface to switch
Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or Monday through EST to right Instruction
HS HS HS HS----3245 MP3 MP3 MP3 MP3
MP3 photo Nous www.hipstreetonline.com Nous toute tout formation toute Nous toute toute tout XP 2K ME 98SE OSX USB
lithium recycler, recyclage recyclage protection AVIS DE LA FCC FCC NMB-003 Son
TTTTable Table Table Table Table Fonctions Fonctions Fonctions Fonctions Charge.......................................................................................................................................... boutons Interface Affichage Interface FM Interface Interface PC Applications Applications Applications Applications
Bloc-notes Information Affichage convertis? Conversion fichiers
ACL MP3, WMA, APE FLAC AVI photo PC FM photo JPEG, BMP, GIF, PNG TIFF TXT Compatible MicroSD
Fonctions Fonctions Fonctions Fonctions marche (ON OFF) (POWER). ON marche (POWER). ON OFF respectivement activer ON, (POWER) marche. tout (POWER) Un section dinformation USB charge fonction toute
Charge lithium charger USB marche MUSIC RECORD type boutons
MM MUSIC ton ton ton bouton bouton marche bouton bouton marche
Interface boutons activer fonction. bouton (Browser) toutes ID3, bouton (SRS) WOW, WOWHD, USER USER options OK OK confirmer.
Affichage fichiers *.LRC tout (A (A (A (A (A (A bouton afficher informations
VIDEO boutons Navigation bouton bouton marche bouton bouton marche bouton
photo bouton boutons
RADIO brancher
ton ton ton stations bouton stations. bouton activer bouton bouton activer Toutes stations stations, bouton bouton bouton boutons bouton FM. bouton Chine,
Interface FM bouton FM. ton ton ton bouton bouton bouton bouton Format WAV MP3.
.TXT) boutons
on/Ic bouton bouton bouton bouton
CAMERA photo, PC. PC. TXT
Interface photo bouton activer photo ton ton ton AUTO.
Interface AUTO. MicroSD bouton bouton ton ton ton bouton
PC fonction PC (PC PC USB MicroSD bouton
PC marche (EXPLORER) activer fichiers, (Flash) Tous
Applications Applications Applications Applications APPLICATIONS interface FM. section FM informations. bouton START COUNTING NEXT PAUSE CLEAR
toucher Bloc-notes
Information (Information
Affichage bouton Affichage fonction touchant bouton options sactive options touchant fonction.
bouton options affichera Tous intacts. bouton (Format (Format Card) MISE EN GARDE LE FORMATAGE DU LECTEUR OU DE LA CARTE MMOIRE AURA POUR EFFET DEFFACER TOUTES LES DONNES SAUVEGARDES EN MMOIRE.
onversion onversion onversion AV (AVI) PC. .AVI .ASF .WMV .MPG, .MPEG .DAT MPEG1 .RM, .RAM .RMVB .MOV .VOB MPEG2 .SWF WMV) .AVI .WMV .AVI .AVI .WMV .WMV. AVI
CD Conversion AV bouton AV AV. AC ficher cocher,
Conversion fichier AV, cocher AV AV AM bouton (Select) AV bouton fichiers fichier(s) C:\ bouton
bouton (Confirm). AV, type (AVI WMV), A. AV, bouton dinformation Information) B. AV, bouton (Select) AV cocher, tous AV
bouton tous tous AV bouton Conversion) PC, affichera PC, PC bouton PC (PC connected).
(Select Directory). PC section Recording) (Stop) actif. (Stop)
actif. QuickTime MPEG2, QuickTime MPEG2 (DVD) the PC, afficher AV SWF). www.hipstreetonline.com section Nous fournir explications toutes
Service 888----4KOBIAN 4KOBIAN 4KOBIAN 4KOBIAN HNE Nous profiter Nous Nous Nous