Instruction Thank purchase of this Street MP3 player and using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information with this instruction to It that this instruction reference. sincerely that this high offers hours of Precautions the earphones MP3 follow these when This reduce the of and or the player yourself. servicing to of the fire to the from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the player or Clean with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other the with earphones while or To the of the earphones too high while Its recommended that the earphones high as this hearing HS-K01
Connecting with the the following specifications: Connecting the to the the USB the and the New and to the automatically. the to the installation. finished, created Computer. the the as NO 2GB memory MP3 WMA Integrated (Normal, Classic, Works as memory (USB Earphone increase; and to switch EQ Previous and to and to and to On/Off Next and to RESET or Microsoft OS 120MB of USB
Loading to the To the from the following Disconnecting the player completing the the MP3 The MP3 to type of as USB It to from to another or as Charging the The of the when the connected to the the turned The of the about hour and about hours. If the while to the the flashes slowly. the charged, the flashing and permanently. on/off the Press and the to and off the Press the to and Press the Next or Previous to to the or Press and the or buttons to or within the the Press the or to increase or the while There (Normal, Classic, You the or displayed. Select the and the the or copy-and-paste). copying completed, the the MP3 the It malfunction of the and the the arrow Hardware the the right of the Select USB and Stop. the appears, OK to the USB Then the
or You the the While the buttons This the from turning while the If malfunction of and the RESET to the back to factory Troubleshooting If operating player, please the below to the service sound from the earphone The buttons Please the Switch To and the Increase while the to and release the Press the Increase then the to The Press the Decrease then the to The To the function, and the Decrease To the function, and Decrease The exhausted. Please recharge the battery. the the and PC. The memory capacity Please the and earphone connected properly. the of the
Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right
Nous MP3 Street www.hipstreetonline.com informations Nous recommandons conserver conserver Nous MP3 service service. hors fonction fichiers. Nous incorrect, HS-K01
USB) MP3 WMA (Normal, Earphone Augmentation touches. fonction. USB RESET. Microsoft OS
brancher fonction. USB inclus USB Sous fichiers, MP3. MP3 USB. recharge fonction. recharge recharge, fonction On. touche On/Off hors fonction. USB Mon NO NAME. Mon MP3. fichiers. USB OK USB.
touche Play/Pause touche touche touche (Normal, toutes touches touche RESET fonction touche touche. touche touche touche touche toutes activer fonction touches, touche touches, touche PC.
boutons fonction. www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST