Instruction Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information with this instruction to It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of Precautions using the earphones MP3 follow these when This reduce the of and or the yourself. servicing to of the player fire to the from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the player rather to apply heavy the or Clean with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other the with earphones while or To the of the earphones too high while Its recommended that the earphones high as this hearing HS-T010
2GB memory capacity MP3 WMA Works as memory (USB Connecting with the the following specifications: Connecting the to the the USB the and the New and to the automatically. the to the installation. it finished, created Computer. the the as NO Loading to the To the from the following Disconnecting the completing the the MP3 The MP3 to type of as USB It to from to another or as or Microsoft OS 120MB of USB or displayed. Select the and the the or copy-and-paste). copying completed, the the MP3 the It malfunction of the and the the arrow Hardware the the right of the Select USB and Stop. the Stop appears, OK to the USB Then the
Charging the The of the when the connected to the the turned The of the about hour and about hours. If charge the player while to the the flashes slowly. the charged, the flashing and permanently. on/off the to the Switch to the On Press and the to turn and off the Press the to and Press the or buttons to to the or previous Press and the or to or within the the Press and the or to increase or the Switch USB Light Increase and On/Off Decrease Earphone
Troubleshooting If operating player, please the below to the service downloaded sound from the earphone The buttons Please the Switch Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right The exhausted. Please recharge the battery. the the and PC. The memory Please the and earphone connected properly. the of the
Nous MP3 Street www.hipstreetonline.com informations Nous recommandons conserver conserver Nous MP3 service service. the from sunlight or heat hors fonction fichiers. Nous incorrect, HS-T010
Fonctions MP3 WMA flash USB) brancher fonction. USB inclus USB Sous fichiers, MP3. Microsoft OS USB Mon NO NAME. Mon MP3. fichiers. USB OK
MP3 USB. recharge fonction. recharge recharge, fonction On. touche On/Off hors fonction. USB. Commande USB Augmentation fonction
touche Play/Pause touche touche touche fonction boutons fonction. www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST PC.