HS-IPWSP850 High Wireless Universal iPhone Instruction Thank purchase of this Street wireless and using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information within this instruction to It that this instruction reference. sincerely that this high offers hours of and charge iPhone or and wirelessly around or the The wirelessly from or the USB High fidelity, bass, and highs 3D surround Wireless to Weatherproof wireless induction charging with built-in high rechargeable USB to to with PC, MAC or input with included MP3 players, and other hour charge function included base, and
follow these basic when this This reduce the of and injury. or the yourself. servicing to Clean with or cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. Product and Battery This built-in lithium and should of household and recycling, please authorities. The recycling and of the FCC WARNING: This with the Class to of the FCC and the ICES-003. to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation.
Unit Right iPhone/iPod USB Volume-(right Volume+(right Charge light Charge light (right light Track switch (right Track switch Right AUX DC- (DC 7.5V)
button/Enter(press and the to to UP Previous/Left Next/right and the to to Play/Pause) Battery housing USB of Working light Working light (right button(right button(left button(Dock base) (The operation to the from the the USB the back of the the AC the back of the then the the AC The light red. the the base. lights to charging From the base, the from the The light Turn the and the switch accordingly to the right and Press the the the back of the they both to Then, and the the USB hear from each This that the wireless connected to the USB the wireless connected to the seconds, the lights light and the light the USB light.. from iPhone or Once the wireless iPhone or the the iPhone or the base. This wireless charge iPhone or and You the to the iPhone or and the iPhone or To the and the Play/Pause/Menu the the buttons the and the The the acts as the and
this off or the base. from You this to to or to wirelessly or to as or the USB from the back of the and USB or or and the wireless wireless to the USB and ready the operating of to the sound This wireless wirelessly Once the wireless the to to the and the other with headphone (These MP3 players, smartphones, CD players or the You the easily and from the: The from the base. This the The the increase to the the base. The the the base. Charging the wireless This wireless induction charging You that there the the base, they charge. please to charge the to hours. the and the turned off and charging the charging lights the flashing they they charged. the wireless weatherproof and withstand such as and light (Although the wireless withstand light recommended.) the wireless of and should brought The warranty of this cover caused to
other than the These wireless built installation. Wireless If the of the wireless as clear, please the USB whether connected to the base, or from obstructions such as and other or the wireless to the USB Remote Please the with the the IR located the front of the base. The with that The from the back of the Please to the with the (CR2025). Turning the and off the or the off the base. To off the wireless the switch the back of the wireless to the off Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right