HS-601 MP3 INSTRUCTION MANUAL
Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and Please www.hipstreetonline.com Please that and the information within this instruction to using It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of follow these when This reduce the of and or the yourself. servicing to of the heat to the player from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the or Clean only with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other Precautions the earphones the player with earphones while vehicle or To the too high while Its recommended that the earphones high as this hearing OS: XP 2K CPU: or Memory: 256MB 100MB USB
Product and Battery This built-in lithium and should of household and recycling, please authorities. The recycling and of the FCC WARNING: This with the Class to of the FCC and the ICES-003. to the following This interference, and This interference received, including interference that operation. Functions (ON/OFF) Switch II on/off) Next/Forward Previous/Rewind (USB): USB Earphone Earphone USB On/Off
the On/Off the Switch to the On the and immediately You the Switch the ON the and the II to turn the and off, to this, this seconds. Press the II to Press to Press and the to to the Press and the to back to the to the or to the Charging the Battery the to the USB and the connected hours to charge the battery. The light charged. the switch the On while charging the easy to this to think of the MP3 as to USB memory to MP3 and WMA to the from The MP3 as You the to MP3 the the to to and the the from (or Computer).
containing that Left-click the MP3 or WMA and to the the and the the MP3 from Please Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right the Switch the On while charging the If the please off.
GUIDE DUTILISATION MP3 Nous informations, www.hipstreetonline.com. Nous toute formation tomber toute Nous toute toute tout
XP 2K USB lithium recycler, recyclage recyclage protection AVIS DE LA FCC section FCC NMB-003 Son toute (ON/OFF) II (USB) USB USB
marche/arrt On marche On tout touche II touche touche II touche touche touche appuyer touche Charge MP3 USB marche On MP3 tout USB. Tout MP3 WMA MP3
MP3. MP3 Mon bouton MP3 WMA bouton fichiers. toute MP3 www.hipstreetonline.com section Nous fournir explications toutes Service 1-888-4KOBIAN HNE Nous On charger