Heat Press
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS and of Microsoft Corporations. U.S. of Corporation. U.S. of Apple Computer, Inc. and of Incorporated. and or of their respective COPYRIGHT The information this to without warranty of with to this including, to, the warranties of merchantability and Hi-Touch or or with the furnishing, performance, or of this Reproduction, or of this without written of as the copyright PhotoDesiree, (written Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese), or and other countries of Hi-Touch
SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions these instructions reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the the and the to of the and to overheating, these or covered. the or other should the Theirs products should or or heat or built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or If with this that the rating of the the the Also, that the rating of products the outlet the to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service FCC INFORMATION The Interference includes the following This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instruction, interference to there that interference
installation. If these interference to or reception, which interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. of these products through as they or that fire or shock. of the the outlet from that to which the connected. The should or this without written from this authority to this
Chapter to Family It to onboard as the of family. thank and this the of Through offers creativity; age become of and treasures. LCD with and cover and Patented to while heating
Other Professional Locating locating.Dual and cover and power-off while appearBundled software ,to
Chapter Introduction Installation: To CD CD-ROM If CD-ROM please and type D:\SETUP.EXE (where D CD-ROM Click OK. Follow the instructions the To Click Start/Programs. to the the and
Procedure Select Start\Programes\HiTi\HiTi\HitiMug\ or to Press Press Press template such as as the Press You three of as and the from and from and templates from You the and switch the and templates
as to the image/templates The of three layers, template and text which edited separately. You switch to layers Template
/template within text the four effects that when the the The four Normal, Landscape, and Artistic. Text and the /template vertically to the height. the /template to the Prompts image/template to length, and and to the the increasing or the or brightness of the photo. Increase or the sharpness of the photo. which allows to input and to the location of the rotation. buttons to the of the
The wasnt directly apply the the the finished and this the people the ---Landscape, this increase the the ---Artistic, this the the "Artisitc' text or ---Normal, the the the as the the of this editing. Increase or the of the to the when the the
You should the following hand: Heat Press, White Locating Tape, Sublimation Photograph, Locating Clean Towel of and bottle of of of the the and or from the white Tips: the photograph that from photograph and to clean the to with and photograph the white the locating the with the locating as below, Chapter Heat Press Procedure The of locating
Tips: off top of photography locating coil.The of the should with locating and right of photograph should with the of locating and photography the Sublimation Photography the with the facing the and the of photography the locating locating to the photo the Tips: the and sticking the locating photograph the the with the facing outward the to the the With the rotating the counter-clockwise to the and the photo.
Tips: photography and while to the when to the while appears locating to another of the the the and release the the from the the Heat Press wrapper. the and the and the wrapper. <WARNING! the and ATTENTION the
the Select <RUN> and OK, the would the heating (the pre-heating o C and the heating o C) You to pre-heating pre-heating heating heating Then to pre-heating heating heating pre-heating completed, Press OK to the tones, release the and to process. Tips: If from Heat Press the pre-heating phase, this caused the the sound reaches pre-heating of o C, OK pre-heating
the to tight the the With hand holding the the counter-clockwise and clockwise to the and the photo. Tips: to immediately pre-heating to the from the of the photography to the clockwise and counter-clockwise Please wear of to burning the and release the the from the the Heat Press wrapper. the and the and the wrapper. Press OK to the heating Tips: to heating and increase the to the Please the to release the Press and the to the heating completed, Press OK to the tones, the and the from wrapper with <CAUTION! DO NOT TOUCH THE SURFACE OF MUG. IT IS EXTREMELY HOT>
the of cools then the locating Tips: the photo off immediately while heating completed, burning from touching, please wear the the The whole heating completed. You or from the and the whole to from the Heat Press the heating process. The phenomenon to the the heating process.
Chapter Heater Plate Turn off the and to cool the white teflon and the heater from sphere where with heater Disconnect the heater plate from the wire.
the and the heater plate properly reconnected. the through the semi-sphere and the heater plate the location. Then the and white Teflon the the heater and white wrapped white Teflon. Then the white Teflon the location. of heater 110V and 120V 220V and 220V White
Teflon The white Teflon the of the heater the the If cracks the of the Teflon, please and the Teflon to the following the cracked Teflon. Teflon, and the the (The should to each other as the following the Teflon the heat as illustrated below. the both of the white Teflon to cover the white the heater and the as below. both the Heat Press
the Teflon the as the following The Teflon completed. the and
Heat displays LCD COVER OPEN the cover and OK OVER HEAT Press OK and off the first and then turn ADC FAILS Turn off the first and then back TC0 FAILS Turn off the first and then back TC1 FAILS Turn off the first and then back FAILS Turn off the first and then back NO MUG the the and OK TIME UP Press OK and off the first and then If to the function properly, please or offices, USA Others Action back the heating and the heating to the back