TE 3000-AVR instructions
This Product Certified C US
TE-H28P SM TE-H28P FM TE-H28P SPM TE-H28P SPMA TE-H28P SPI TE-H28 TE STP
ORIGINAL OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS TE AVR It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other information Accessories, Technical instructions and Troubleshooting warranty information and their DANGER to that to serious or fatality. WARNING to that to serious or fatality. CAUTION to that to or to the or other property. NOTE to instruction or other information. These to the tions. The found the fold-out cover these while studying the operating instructions. these operating instructions, the the to the TE AVR operating and On off switch Service Theft protection (option) locking trolley and locating (washer, Explanation of the pictograms and other information Prohibition Warning Warning: Warning: electricity
of the as directed The hand-guided chiseling and Other compacting and Working to the health The professional and operated, serviced and trained, authorized This of that encountered. The and its ancillary when incorrectly or when as directed. Its typical of and finishing, and The only the where there of fire or The operated when connected to and with the information its type To the of and the information the operating instructions concerning operation, and of the or with its Wear Wear Wear ear Wear protection hat protection protective Wear Wear breathing protection Read the operating instructions recycling. Amps with theft protection Location of the The type and found the type plate the or of this operating instructions and to when to or service
Switch On off switch incorporating AVR Active Reduction with chambers the and Theft protection (optional) The with the TPS Theft Protection as option. If the with this and ready operation through of the TPS Protective Protection from high the casing around of the LED Service LED section and Theft protection (optional) section Operation) Protection overheating The with protective overheating that switches the off Overheating indicated LED Items as cords of type the and with conductors of section. The otherwise performance and the overheat. the cords. Recommended section and cords with AWG section. instructions with to the trolley trolley (optional) Grease Conductor section AWG12 AWG10
cords that and correspondingly this or This or when the following The of least the the type plate the The operating within and of the rated the and and the with and boost. with rating to the other or from the or the Switching other or and off and or to the the or LED indication) the supply within Troubleshooting section). Accessories, the or other below. With these higher performance and as the and as TPS Theft Protection with Card, Remote and TPS (optional) inches inches TE H28P Pointed SM TE H28P SM TE H28P FM TE H28P FM TE H28P SPM TE H28P SPM TE H28P Asphalt chisel SPMA Pointed chisel TE H28P SPI TE H28 SS TE STP TE STP
Technical Right of technical instructions NOTE The section which, with the to the operating instructions. Accordingly, of the to this WARNING! and to follow the and structions shock, fire and/or serious injury. and instructions reference. The the to mains-operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) Work clean and or spheres, such as the of or which the or children and while Distractions to Rated Rated input TE AVR of (L H) of trolley match the the with earthed (grounded) and matching outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. If operating location (RCD) protected supply. of RCD reduces the of shock.
what and when operating while or the of or medication. of while operating serious injury. protective wear protection. Protective such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off to and/or or carrying the Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the injury. overreach. footing and ance This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of reduce dust-related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions account the workingconditions and the of the operations from those Service serviced This that the of the Additional instructions instructions Wear ear protectors. to hearing with the of injury. insulated when where the or its cord. Cutting accessory of the and the shock. the securely with both the the and from and grease. If the insulation the or of the casing the operating the Breathing protection and wear clothing that covers the the
the relaxing and the supply and from the to the while This to the while Children instructed to with the The or those who instruction or WARNING: created and chemicals known to ity or other or serious and or other of these chemicals from based from and other products and and from chemically- treated from these often this type of To reduce to these the and should well-ventilated with such as protection the type of and to and from the and prolonged with Wear protective clothing and with and Allowing to mouth, or to absorption of chemicals. and that the with the and that they the correctly. of interruption the supply: Switch the tool off and the supply cord. This restarting when the from the to that or and of the become when This serious of shock. the and found to If the supply with specially-prepared supply from Customer Service. cords and them found to the supply or it while the supply from the supply or of shock. or which should Service or to the of the from of shock. with to that the connected to the supply of ground (GFCI) with rating of of ground reduces the of shock. of ground (GFCI) with of recommended. Work that the
that the ventilated. to poorly to the health. If the right through, the the and or and other to from other and If necessary, off the which CAUTION The from the supply. CAUTION the each Unlocking the (theft protection NOTE section the TPS Theft Protection of cords and or Please to section protective The and other the wear ANSI protection, hat, ear protection, protective and breathing protection while the CAUTION the trolley or other of whenever The should trolley or of that the trolley CAUTION the trolley CAUTION to CAUTION to that the trolley steady, the and the trolley the the locating the trolley and closing the the the provided, them as as they securely.
DANGER the securely with both the the and free from and grease. CAUTION Wear protective when as the through and they CAUTION to the locking correctly. You otherwise pinching CAUTION with the as this through of the the NOTE of height. the from the that the of the chisel and lightly greased. Clean and grease necessary. that the and locking clean and the the and the to locking with or to locking with the chisel that the facing locking B). NOTE with combined (with and or B, as that the chisel correctly the chisel DANGER This the to fire. Disconnect the from the the locking the chisel of the CAUTION Working the to Wear protection and protective Wear breathing protection used. Splintering of to the and CAUTION The Wear ear protectors. to hearing CAUTION to when chiseling breaches or and wear protective and footwear. The off through CAUTION the relaxing and CAUTION to that the locking the with the information the operating instructions and that the securely the the below the
CAUTION the the or it the trolley. the from the with the off switch) the to TPS Theft Protection (optional) NOTE The with the optional theft protection If the with this and ready through of the TPS Unlocking the the supply the The yellow theft protection LED The ready to the from the TPS the TPS or the TPS the The as as the theft protection LED lights. NOTE If, the supply to or disconnected when to the ready operation the of interruption, the TPS to the and CAUTION Disconnect the from the CAUTION The internal or whenever or of Clean off and to the and them from the from to with Activation of the theft protection the NOTE Further information activation and of the theft protection found the operating instructions the theft protection NOTE Working The when the reached operating Bring the chisel with the and allow the to the reached. If necessary, this the to Chiseling the of the supply the the of the the where chiseling to Press the off switch Switching off Release the off switch. of the The outer casing of the from plastic. Sections of the from synthetic the when the Clean the using to the of the Clean the of the with slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the tool. the of the free from and grease. cleaning which
Service NOTE The with service WARNING Repairs to the section of the trained of the and that faultlessly. the Troubleshooting light of service servicing the lights the first the to hours the activated. To that the ready should to servicing The to seconds Interruption the supply. another and whether The supply or trained and necessary. with Apply to the connecting another switch the off and action. The too cold. Allow the to to the operating section: Chiseling occurred the If necessary, the should repaired Service. The or operation and the LED red. Temporary overheating Release the switch and allow the or to cool or to supply. The or operation and the LED lights constantly. of the serviced or servicing. repaired Service. or when the function faultlessly. If necessary, the should repaired Service. Checking the and carrying and the that protective and and that they function faultlessly. Switch the off and
NOTE If the the the Service. of the from which or The correctly they countries, already back or recycling. Please service or further information. warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the Instructions, and the technical This that only and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of only the of the or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. The and the yellow. The with optional theft protection The The too or its of or operation. and or of the TPS to the Additional areexcluded, tional such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the warranties of merchantability or specifically excluded. or the or related immediately discovery of the to the of the provided. This with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning warranties.
Corporation LI-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O.