Instruction MP3 HS-2012
Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and hope using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. The contained this only; Please that and the information with this instruction to It that this instruction reference. This MP3, WAV and AMV sincerely hope that this high offers hours of
the that cold, or the The Please charge the when of the following A. B. The continuously off C. The become inactive D. Cant the the while formatting or uploading/downloading as this the warranty Specifications to and without While formatting the player, please the as FAT32 this of this with or
Features: 65K MP3/WMA/WAV MPEG-4 (AVI) function JPEG High recording; A-B function 2000/XP/ME function 3D sound EQ ID3 TAG (title, and lyrics) rechargeable Lithium-ion USB
Unit Earphone switch USB Next/FF Increase Decrease Play/pause/stop/power off
on/off A). On: the switch to the ON and and the to the The LCD and the the interface. B). Press and the Charging A) With USB USB and the other the USB of the player. The whether it or off. B) charging through the the automatically. the and the the charging than hours. To the of the battery, only charge when the exhausted. the interface, the or to the and the to the and the M to to the interface. the off.
FM The earphone acts as the while to FM stations. Please the earphone to the FM Playback The allows to MP3/WMA though its high sound Select Music the and the to A). Press or Next/FF to B). Press the to playback. C). Press and the M to to the interface. playback, and to the Press and to increase the Previous FF/RW Press the to to the and the to to the
Press and or to FF or RW. playback, the to and to Press the M to the Press or to and the to and playback. EQ Press and the M to to the interface. Select Music> EQ Select. EQ includes MS and You choose the or Press the to and Press and the M to to the interface. Select Music> or the the below once, once, once, and Press the to and
Press and the M to to the interface. Select Music> or the below and A-B While the to the A, the LCD displays A-; the to the B, the LCD displays A-B, and the to the chosen section. Press the third to A-B function A- or A-B and the or to FF or REW, the A-B Playback Select the and the to the Select the and the to playback. A). Press or to
B). Press the to playback. C). Press the M to to the previous to the Press to increase the Previous FF/RW Press the to to the and the to to the and or to FF or RW. playback the FM FM Select FM the and the to A). Press the to the B). Press or to function C). Press the M to to the to and to
Press to the Press to increase the searching Press the to each the or the or increase Press and the or and the search stations and them automatically. Auto-searching Press the to the Select or and then the to The to search stations and them automatically. You to the to to the FM stations finished searching. Press the to or and then the to to the station. Press the or to the of the station: CH1, CH2. Select and the to the station. Press the M to Press the to the Select or
and the to to to the stations. Press the or to Stations Press the to the Select or and the to Press the or to the to and the to confirm. Press the M to FM Recording A). FM recording: While to FM station, and the M to the FM recording function. The LCD displays B). FM recording: the to recording, and the LCD Recording C). FM recording: Recording the to to D). and recording: Press the M to the recorded and to the FM recording E). and recording: Press and the M to the recorded and FM recording.
Select the and the The the You the and A). Press the or to the to B). the selected, the to While the to C). Press the or to to the or D). Press the M to to the E). Press and the M to and to the interface. Select Text the interface and the to It displays the Reading A). Press the or to the B). Press the to reading.
C). Press the or to to the or previous D). Press and the to the Press the or to the and the M to F). Press and the to the Press the or to the and the M to G). While reading the the M to to the Press and the M to The to the and to while reading other recording: recording: the interface, Record and the to recording: the recording interface, the LCD Press the to recording. recording: Recording, the to and to and recording: Press the M to the recorded and to
the recording and recording: Press and the M to the recorded and recording. recorded A). the Music and the M to the B). Press the or to the VOICE C). Press the to and the or to the to D). Press the Navigation Navigation: Select Navigation the and the to of the of the Navigation. Select A). Press or to the or B). Press the to The the function interface. If the there to playback.
C). Press and the M to to the A). and the selected the to Press or to and the to the B). Press and the M to Select the and the M to A). Press or to the items. B). Press the to C). Press the M to to the previous D). Press and the M to to the interface. There options this EQ selection, EQ and
A). Includes once, once, once, and B). Includes and C). EQ Selection: Includes 3D, Classic, and D). EQ and to each Record this there and A). Record this there high and quality. B). Record this there options to selected: The higher the the the To the of while or this there three options: backlight and A). this there options to selected: seconds, seconds, seconds,
20seconds, seconds and B). this there options: and The higher the the brighter C). this there and this there three options to selected: about, and A). About Press the and the following information displayed: the capacity, capacity and software which only. Press the to B). Firmware this or to YesorCancel,and then the the with the PC the USB and the the firmware C). Select this item and Press or to and
the to confirm. The to factory off this there options to selected: OFF, and There to select. Converting The Converter software the as follows: CPU or AMD or including the and the completed, the the
the interface. A). converted and path, as shown the below: B). Select the and the the right of the
C). Select the and aspect D). each the and to or the to previous interface. E). Press to converting. the shows that the successfully. the USB to the to the player.
inch 65K LCD with PC USB2.0 (HIGH SPEED) Lithium Recording MP3 WMA FM (Optional) MP1 MP2 MP3 WMA WAV C English, Spanish, OS MAC OS Recording WAV(32K 8hours 128M Recording (L Earphone MP3 8K 320K WMA 32K 384K to of stations Earphone
Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right
MP3 HS-2012
Nous MP3 Street www.hipstreetonline.com MP3, WAV AMV. Nous Nous conserver toute
fichiers. froids, charger FAT32. B. hors fonction. D. fonction. C. touches inactives. A. Indication
A-B 2000/XP/ME Compatible ID3 TAG artiste lithium-ion rechargeable Compatible JPEG Fonction MPEG-4 (AVI) Compatible 3D MP3/WMA/WAV USB
USB function Augmentation
fonction. ACL B) hors touche hors fonction. A) fonction ON touche fonction A) USB inclus B) recharge recharge. USB rechargera hors fonction. touche touche touche M
MP3/MWA stations FM. brancher FM. FM A) touche B) touche C) touche M Music touche touche FF/RW touche touche touche touche
touche M touche touche touche touche M Music> EQ Select. MS touche touche touche M Music> touche tout tout introduction. touche
sections touche affichera A-; touche B; ACL affichera A-B touche A, ACL (FF) (REW) A-B A- A-B touche fonction A-B A-B touche M Music> touche touche touche A) touche
touche touche C) touche M B) touche (FF) touche touche FF/RW (REW) touche touche B) touche C) touche M FM touche FM FM A) touche
touche touche touche touche touche touche confirmer. stations stations FM touche touche station. touche M CH1, CH2, touche touche touche touche Stations
touche touche stations touche touche touche stations touche touche confirmer. touche M A) FM FM, touche M ACL affichera FM confirmer. touche touche D) touche M E) touche M C) FM touche ACL affichera Recording. B) FM touche
photo E) touche M D) touche M C) touche photo A) touche photo B) touche Affichage Affichage touche A) touche B) touche Text touche
afficher touche afficher touche F) touche M C) touche touche M touche M fichiers. touche M fichiers. D) touche E) touche affichera touche Recording, touche Record touche touche M
touche M A) Music touche M B) touche C) touche touche D) touche fonction Navigation Navigation touche Affiche tous A) touche B) touche
touche C) touche M A) touche Effacer touche A) touche options. M B) touche M touche options D) touche M C) touche M B) touche
D) options tout tout B) options A) options options options C) 3D, bass B) fonction. A) A) Navigation introduction.
options options Normal C) B) A) linformation dafficher touche touche B) touche USB inclus option touche C) touche confirmer. touche
options fonction, hors fonction CPU AMD, Conversion CD inclus AVI AVI
A) D) touche touche B) touche C) daspect. USB
WAV(32K Recording 8hours 128M Recording USB2.0 (HIGH SPEED) with PC Lithium inch 65K LCD Recording (L Earphone 32K 384K WMA 8K 320K MP3 to of stations MP3 WMA Earphone English, Spanish, MAC OS OS MP1 MP2 MP3 WMA WAV C FM (Optional)
www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST Nous