Instruction Thank purchase of this Street MP4 and using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information with this instruction to using It that this instruction reference. sincerely that this high offers hours of follow these basic when using This reduce or the yourself. servicing to of the fire to the from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the or Clean only with cloth. the turned off cleaning. to back the of to Precautions the earphones the with earphones while or To the of the earphones too high while Its recommended that the earphones high the of and injury. cleanser. operation, or other as this hearing HS-T29 MP4
2GB memory MP4 MP3 WMA /WAV Re-Chargeable LCD FM Works as memory (USB Previous/Backward Next/Forward MENU MENU VOL OFF/ON Switch Earphone USB Interface Connecting with the the following specifications: III or Microsoft 120MB of USB PLAY
Connecting the to the the USB the and the New and to the automatically. the to the installation. finished, created Computer. Loading to the To the MP3, or from the following NOTE: software they the or displayed. the and the the the It malfunction of the player Disconnecting the completing the the MP3 the arrow Hardware the the USB and Stop. the Stop appears, OK to the USB The MP4 player to type of as USB It to from to another or as Charging the The of the when the connected to the the turned The of the about hour and about hours. If charge the while to the to charge. While the flashes slowly. the the the Definitions: off Press and to ON OFF, Press once to Press once to select, Press and to back to the when or copy-and-paste). copying completed, the the MP4 and the correctly. right of the Then the
Press once previous track/previous Press and to Press once track/next Press and to VOL select. to There Press Once: Press and release once Press and Press and about seconds, then release. the Press and hold/Press once M to the and On/Off ON/OFF to ON; and to turn the once to VOL; The VOL flashing; to increase or to the DO NOT the to when played. This interface: Please follow the below to Turn the player ON. Press and to the ON. Press to interface, then to Selecting Press once to to the Press once to to the previous the Press VOL once; Press to increase; Press to Press the MENU to the while then to and the Press MENU to selection. (EQ) Press the MENU to the while Select EQUALIZER and then the EQ Press to selection. the while the to and then the to the You to or or to back to the previous Press to or to YES to to to and
the of the and This *.LRC that lyrics. to the of the of the should the as the of the If the of the Then the lyrics should Basically the to the and the If the that there the as the that the lyrics. From the AMV then the to Press the Press the Record the of Press once to the recording Press once to Select from REC, REC, VOR, VOR. Once selected, to the Press once to or recording. Press and to and the recording as Press M once to the recorded and recording If to this recorded to to the and this Recording the of Press once to the Press once to recording. Press and to and FM [Please to to clear FM the of FM Press to The from the played. search: Press and search FM the to Press the MENU once found to and then to the station. stations: To the there than FM station), the FM Recording While the played, the once the FM Press the to recording. Press to or recording and and the to and E-BOOK (Reading Text From the the and to or to then the to and back to the interface. to from to the station. to Record then The search and from or to the once or
Press To options Press Press of options. or If choose as to Please choose accordingly and then Press to the options to that If to to Please as From the the and to Press To options Press the to Press and then from of or If choose as to Please choose accordingly and then Press to confirm. the options to that If to to Please as Press VOL to from Month, Second. Press or LCD M to the and then to to the Brightness or the Black Press M to which to to and then selections accordingly. Press once to selections. This Press then to There and to the off there buttons pressed. based that choose the to off. Replay The replay function to replay or replay. within the the M when the played. You and this Once choose to to choice. Formatting to You to as Highlight the and then right to option to Format Warning! Please back as formatting the player. to text from the and to back to the the to to and then from to from the and to the to and back to the to or to read. to or to whether to
Converting to played this Please follow the below to to played (Conversion only. Once the converted, then to to player) the Conversion software that the that this Once the software please the software to started. Select the Source to converted. You selections options as You to specify where the to and the At this there options to selected, please as and to the Click Convert or OK to the process. Once the completed, the This ready to played MP4 Please to the and then this to to the Trouble shooting sound The of the the as to If the of the empty. Please charge the the On/ to ON. whether the to whether the earphones or properly with the player. whether the and the MP3 or WMA. whether the USB and PC and connected properly. If to this whether the players memory
Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right
Nous MP4 Street www.hipstreetonline.com informations Nous recommandons conserver conserver Nous service service. hors fonction fichiers. Nous incorrect, HS-T29 MP4
Fonctions MENU MENU VOL OFF/ON Interface USB MP4/MP3/WMA/WAV rechargeable ACL FM USB PLAY
brancher fonction. USB inclus USB Sous fichiers, MP3. MP4 USB. recharge fonction. recharge recharge, III Microsoft USB Mon Mon MP3. fichiers. USB OK USB.
touches fonction EN/HORS fonction VOL touches Fonctions touche fonction ON/OFF ON; touche fonction. touche VOL; VOL touche touche PAS OFF Interface fonction. touche fonction. touche touche touche touche touche VOL; touche
touche MENU MENU EQ touche MENU MENU Effacer touche tout touche touche touche touche YES confirmer. Affichage dafficher *.LRC safficher, affichera AMV touche touche touche touche touche options REC, REC, VOR, VOR. touche touche
touche touche touche touche FM FM FM touche touche FM touche Station touche MENU touche station. stations FM touche FM touche FM. touche Record touche touche touche touche touche options, touche touche touche options. touche confirmer. fichiers. touche touche touche fichiers.
option daffichage, touche touche touche confirmer. touche VOL touche ACL touche touche touche touche touche confirmer. hors fonction) hors fonction) hors fonction touche fonction appuyer touche branchant tous Brightness Black
Conversion inclus CD fichier options options Convert OK MP4. brancher charger ON/OFF ON. MP3 WMA. USB inclus
www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST Nous