Instruction Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and using Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information with this instruction to It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of Precautions the earphones follow these when This reduce the of and or the player yourself. servicing to of the player fire to the from or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the it or Clean with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other the with earphones while or To the of the earphones too high while Its recommended that the earphones high as this hearing HS-U01 MP3
Connecting with the the following specifications: 2GB memory MP3 WMA Works as memory (USB USB Play/Pause and to On/Off Next increase Previous RESET Earphone light or Microsoft OS 120MB of USB
Connecting the to the the USB the player and the New and to the automatically. the to the installation. finished, created Computer. the the as NO Loading to the To the from the following Disconnecting the completing the the MP3 The MP3 to type of as USB It to from to another or as Charging the The of the when the player connected to the the turned The of the about hour and about hours. If charge the while to the player, charging, the flashes slowly. the player the flashing and permanently. on/off the Press and the Play/Pause to and off the If there the when turned the light or displayed. Select the and the the or copy-and-paste). copying completed, the the MP3 the It malfunction of the and the the arrow Hardware the the right of the Select USB and Stop. the Stop appears, OK to the USB Then the player
Press the to and Press the Next or Previous buttons to to the or previous the the light slowly. the the light permanently. the Press and the Next or Previous buttons to increase or the while buttons This from buttons while the MP3 the If malfunction of and the RESET to the back to factory Troubleshooting If operating please the below to the service sound from the earphone the of the If buttons seconds playback, automatically. The light quickly. To the function, and the The exhausted. Please recharge the battery. the the and PC. The memory Please the and earphone connected properly.
Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right
Nous MP3 Street www.hipstreetonline.com informations Nous recommandons conserver conserver Nous service service. hors fichiers. Nous incorrect, HS-U01 MP3
Fonctions MP3 WMA flash USB) Capuchon USB Play/Pause touche On/Off increase Previous RESET
brancher USB inclus USB Sous MP3. MP3 USB. recharge fonction. recharge recharge, Microsoft OS USB termine Mon NO NAME. Mon MP3. fichiers. USB OK USB.
fonction On. touche On/Off hors fonction. touche touche touche Forwardou touche Next toutes touches fonction touche RESET fonction boutons fonction. activer fonction touches, touche fonction touches, touche PC.
www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST Nous