00_Cover_WSC70_A36_P1.qxd WSC 70-A36 WSC 55-A24 instructions fi
+ """#"
WGS WGS
00_Cover_WSC70_A36_P1.qxd tout AKKU BATTERY ACCU BATERIAS BATTERI AKU AKUMULATORY Synthetics Others chose
WSC A36 WSC A24 It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other information Technical and Troubleshooting warranty EC of conformity and Battery information and their DANGER to that to serious or fatality. WARNING to that to serious or fatality. Release buttons with function (charge activation) Charge and battery) switch Switch-on interlock wrench Cutting screws the Riving Mounting screw Cutting Riving screws operating Chip Chip release CAUTION to that to or to the or other property. NOTE Used to to instruction or other information.
Explanation of the pictograms and other information Warning Warning: Warning: electricity Wear Wear Wear ear Wear protection hat protection protective Wear breathing protection the operating instructions recycling. Direct of the as directed The hand-held, The or plastics, and with thickness of to or and and to the health The professional and operated, serviced and trained, authorized This of that encountered. The and its ancillary when incorrectly or when as directed. The as follows: or of the Rated These to the The found the fold-out cover these while studying the operating instructions. these operating instructions, the the to the WSC A36 or WSC A24 Location of the The type found the type plate and the the of the housing. of this operating instructions and to it when to or service
The of that comply with the thickness) or the of and or from high-alloy (HSS the to tree branches or the battery as other To the of and the information the operating instructions concerning operation, and Switches switch with switch-on and Protective and Grease protection To the of the and the the to reduce when applied, to the which the completely when causing activation of the CAUTION as the switch depressed, the to when the to it released, mains-powered charge used, the charge indicated of the release buttons release the battery). The the of the the following information: light constantly Charge C LED C LED C LED C LED C LED C Items as wrench instructions (optional) (optional)
Additional items operating the the WSC A36: B36/2.4 and C7/36 ACS or B36/3.3 and ACS the WSC A24: B24/2.0 and C7/24 or C7/36 ACS NOTE the these items with the the WSC A36 Charger C7/36-ACS Charger C4/36-ACS Battery B36/2.4 Battery B36/3.3 WPG WGS 2B Accessories the WSC A24 Charger C7/24 Charger C7/36-ACS Battery B24/2.0 fence) WPG WGS 2B Technical WSC A36 WSC A24 Rated (DC with EPTA (L H) thickness to to to to Cutting Cutting Cutting Cutting Cutting Riving thickness
and information the WSC A36 (measured with EN Typical A-weighted sound (A) Typical A-weighted sound (A) Uncertainty the sound (A) Uncertainty (K) and information the WSC A24 (measured with EN Typical A-weighted sound (A) Typical A-weighted sound (A) (A) Uncertainty the sound Uncertainty (K) Battery Rated Capacity Wh Wh Wh NTC NTC NTC of Lithium-ion of NOTE The section which, with the to the operating instructions. Accordingly, of the to this WARNING! instructions! to follow instructions below shock, fire and/or serious injury. The of the below to operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS. Work clean and or spheres, such as the of or which the or and while Distractions to match the the
with earthed (grounded) and matching reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. what and when operating tool. while or the of or of while operating serious wear tection. such as shoes, hat, or hearing tection reduce the switch the off-position Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the overreach. footing and ance This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of these reduce dust-related and force the the The the and the which it the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. Disconnect the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the tool, and with these instructions and the the type of account the and the to of the operations from those Battery and the switch the off the that the switch only with the specified the charger that type of of fire when with another
with specifically of other of and fire. from other screws, or other that from to another Shorting the terminals together burns or fire. ted from the battery, If with If from the tion or burns. Service serviced only This that the of the Additional instructions instructions DANGER: from and the hand or housing. If both the they the reach the The from the below the the to the thickness of the than tooth of the teeth should below the or the to platform. It to the to or of insulated when where the or its cord. with of the and shock the or straight This the of and reduces the chance of with and round) of that match the mounting of the causing of or incorrect washers or The washers and specially performance and of operation. Further instructions and of reaction to pinched, bound or causing to and of the the the pinched or bound tightly the closing the and the reaction the back the If the becomes twisted or the the the back of the the top of the causing the to of the and back the the of and/or incorrect operating procedures and as below. firm with both the and to forces. to of the with the the to backwards, forces the or when reason, release the and the the the to to the from the or the while the motion or back and corrective actions to the of restarting the the the and that the If or from the as the restarted. to the of pinching and to their Supports
the both the of and the of the or Unsharpened or improperly friction, and and locking tight and If while and when existing or other areas. The that instructions with of or with trailing closing each the freely and instantly. or the the If the with the retracting and freely and the or other and of the operation of the If the and the operating erly, they serviced to or build-up of should retracted manually such as and pound retracting and as as the the released. other the should automatically. that the covering the or unprotected, coasting the to backwards, whatever its path. of the the to switch released. Additional instructions with the the used. the to thicker than the of the thinner than the tooth of the the as this struction Incorrect spacing, positioning and the ineffective the when cutting. Riving cutting. Riving interference and the to the The ineffective the light interference the closing of Wear ear protectors. to hearing the securely with both the provided. the and free from and grease. Breathing protection the without that the without the tective that to the only as and when the relaxing and Switch the the the or the the from when with with the overhead. to the of the to the the or the screw while the The of screws and the while the the the to the and the that the
possibly causing the to back. and the or to the The securely than and both free to the Check that the with the and that they the correctly. the to that or and of the become when This serious of shock. Battery and the instructions to the and of to high or fire. This of or dismantled, squashed, heated to 100C or incinerated. of fire, or Battery and NOTE Battery performance the the become to the as through with otherwise other than those with the or ance. of other or of the which of fire and or to with cracks, or pushed-in and/or pulled-out Work that the that the ventilated. to poorly to the health. protective The user and other the wear protection, hat, ear protection, protective and breathing protection while the Protective switch the the the the or the correctly. as performance noticed. the immediately that ready the cool, the where to sunlight or of heat, heaters or vehicle that reached the of their of and correctly to
the the Charging the CAUTION the chargers Accessories. DANGER that the outer of the and the the operating instructions the charger further information about the charging Charging the first correctly the first This that the correctly. Incorrect charging capacity. Please to the operating instructions information about should each they charged. NOTE If the the when the to released. The switch-on interlock and the switch CAUTION Wear protective The of the The of ready when partly Charging the section Charge of the CAUTION or B36/3.3 the WSC A36, and the WSC A24. CAUTION Check that the switched off and the switch interlock activated the battery. only the with this the the from the as as and heard to with click. CAUTION of to or others. that the seated securely the the Press both battery release buttons. the of the the rear. CAUTION Wear protective and The operation and the The and chips to the and CAUTION Wear ear protectors. The and the to of hearing. the
CAUTION Wear protective when The the and the screw CAUTION that the to with the technical and that sharpened. Removing the the of the Press the Turn the screw with the wrench the locking the wrench to release the screw turning counterclockwise. the screw from the outer the to the and then the the the of the tool. Clean the mounting and the the mounting the the the of arrow the the outer the the screw clockwise the as the the tool, that the securely attached. the to that the correctly. The the and the of the should than and the should than below the of the knife. The the sticking when The therefore when the correctly and the battery of the Release the screw with wrench. the as shown the Tighten the screw with wrench. the NOTE The should to than the thickness of the to The and the of the the Release the The from the the arrow the the and the closing the the The to and of to the the of the Release the the the or, respectively, the to allow to to the There straight or and the front section of the plate of the This to the selected The of the to the of the The of the and Additional located the
front the and the of the the that the that the free to the to that the switch the the off-position. the the the with the plate the such that the with the Switch the the switch- interlock and then the on/off switch while the switch-on interlock depressed, the the the the (accessory) of the two-arm allows to the of the or, respectively, of to The of the the the of the Release the screws the both of the the screws. the the screws. the the the the that the fits the the to the that the outer of the the the The otherwise with the the of the NOTE The indicated the of from straight, right-angled the with the the of the and then the the shown the the the screw to the the with and NOTE The with hose with hoses with of CAUTION to the health and or and reactions. WARNING to These include as as and/or tion with the treatment of (chromate, preservatives). CAUTION Wherever such as the WVC or VCU and the concerned. of the P2 with or its to the of CAUTION and users the to the to other the without and NOTE The with push-on Turn the to the of that the and from
and CAUTION cleaning, the from the to of Clean off and to the and them from the from to with of the The outer casing of the from plastic. Sections of the from synthetic the when the Clean the to the of the Clean the of the with slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the the of the from and grease. cleaning which of the the free from and grease. If necessary, cloth to the The recharged as as the performance or when the becomes active. NOTE Please to the operating instructions the charger further information about charging the battery. of the of Charge the using the first to life, charging the as as performance noticed. NOTE If of the further the Charge the with the charger with batteries. NOTE conditioning (as with or batteries) necessary. Interruption of the charging ative life. Charging with life. There memory (as with or should cool charging the to high as this and increases the of If the reaches charge, to or It to with battery this should WARNING Repairs to the section of the trained of the and that faultlessly. the or when the function faultlessly. the repaired Service. Checking the and carrying and the that protective and and that they function faultlessly.
Troubleshooting The The or The to or, incorrectly. respectively, heard to with click. the from the and The the switch off. the the The off switch cant pressed, the switch locked. Not function). Press the switch-on interlock. considerably. The or to the the and recharge the battery. the to the The than Battery should charge. (Please to the operating instructions the The the The switches off the The with click. The the dirty. Clean the and that the securely. Service the The or the become Switch the off immediately, the and Service. The overloaded the right the exceeded). heavy CAUTION of the serious The burning of toxic which health or to high causing burns, burns or unauthorized and of the This serious injury, to third and of the CAUTION of without them of reach of to or and of them Press the switch-on interlock and the switch
CAUTION of the with regulations or them to of the from which or The correctly they countries, already back recycling. Please service or further information. EC countries only of together with household of Directive 2002/96/EC and and its with that reached the of their collected and to recycling facility. warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the and the technical maintained. This that only and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of the of the or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. excluded, tional such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the warranties of merchantability or specifically excluded. or the or related immediately discovery of the to the of the provided. This obligation with to warranty and or aneous and oral or written concerning
EC of conformity Designation: WSC A36 WSC A24 of responsibility, that this with the following and 89/336/EEC, 98/37/EC, 91/157/EEC, 93/86/EEC, EN EN EN EN Corporation
00_Cover_WSC70_A36_P1.qxd Corporation LI-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O.