MP3 with 1.5LCD operating MP3 please this thoroughly and reference. HS-T29-2GBBL
Table of Summary Preparation action Switch on/off with PC with PC interface options option Recording Recording interface options FM (Text) Troubleshooting Thank purchase of this Street MP3 and hope Please www.hipstreetonline.com. Please that and the information within this instruction Table of
to It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of follow these when This reduce the of and injury. or the yourself. servicing to of the heat to the from sunlight or heat the to or to malfunction. the rather to apply heavy the or Clean only with cloth. the turned off cleaning. cleanser. to back the of to operation, or other Precautions the earphones the with earphones while vehicle or To the too high while Its that the earphones high as this hearing Product and Battery This built-in lithium and should of household and recycling, please authorities. The recycling and of helping the FCC/IC WARNING: This with the Class to of the FCC and the ICES-003. to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation such as MP3, WMA and WAV, Recording MIC recording browsing: such as JPEG, BMP and GIF. such as AMV and AVI to converted through the played through the AVI- the PC). Supports reading the of Supports USB Support: Supports Summary Preparation
to the The this and then the interface or the to back to the interface, and to to the action Press Press and the release the Without instructions, the basic this to Switch on/off the switch the to the ON to and to the OFF to turn off. the of the reaches the off the the turned off. the connected to PC or charged, this function the the appear and then the the It should then instead of restarting choose the previous option or choose the option or to the the of backspace that to back to the previous from the VOL Action operations Press Key-pressing than seconds. Key-pressing than seconds.
charging the to switch the switch to the ON or charging to the OS CPU: least Memory: least 32MB least 100MB or least USB ODD with PC the On or PC to the using the USB and then the showing the appear the screen/monitor of the PC. the interface, and to the interface. the function of from the where the the the interface where the interface Press or and to or Press the VOL to the and then and to the sound from options Press when the when the including the items such as and with PC to switch and Press and to choose the
Press when and the including the items such as SRS WOW, Replay and With when the round the right of the the to the interface. Please If the round then the the and the the to the the the the interface the seconds (the other displays the Press the to the lower-level selection. to the the directory of Recording the the selected the directory. Press the to the and to the interface. Select the to and then the or to the action and to the selected action. the directory. the operation process. Press the to the selection and
Normal Sound the sound DBB The each as follows: Soft DBB items the SRS WOW surround sound) SRS WOW, and SRS WOW. the option of SRS 3D (3D sound field FOCUS SRS WOW the with of Replay Replay selecting the Replay option, the back to the interface, where the of the replay function. At this of or flash. of or flash. A-B replay completed. The to replay to the replay and replay the function option. Then the the reading and recording the recording started. Recording than the the of recording, the to to the the of reading and reading and recording. this back to the function. the to the reading and function, the the recording recorded the the the of reading and recording. this reading and function, and then Press to the interface and back to the interface. repeatedly. the directory the the directory repeatedly repeatedly. the the directory randomly. and each and seconds. and the as the of indicating the of reading and recording function, when indicating the of function. completing the the indicating that what the reading and appear the of the LCD, indicating the and the selection of to the reading and At this the to the of the to to back to the
Replay and to Press to back to the interface confirming. Replay the of seconds. function the as that of Select the function the interface, and to interface. to the to Press to playback. from the breakpoint where the option the to the including and The functions and the as that of Recording interface Select Record the interface and Press the recording. recording. holding the the recording and then back to the interface. options Recording to the recording and ready to and
If the appears the of the the recording and back to the recording function interface. Press to the including REC (Recording) type, and and choose the information to the recording Recording type: WAV-format recording, with the type of 32K/64K/128K/256K Normal or The function the as that of earphones to to the Press or to choose FM to this option. switch from Normal to stations: FM when or to choose then of the currently station. AUTO SCAN: FM when below or to choose Scan. Then to searching and the stations received. The to stations. SCAN: Normal or to search manually. when below and or to choose then to the selected station. FM to
The FM recording function. While to and the currently please follows below FM when below Press the the interface to the browsing. Press to the to Press to back and forth. items: the functions and operations of other items the as those of to manually each or to the or the entry, the (2-10s) and to and FM recording to choose FM REC and to the as below: to recording. finishing recording, the the recorded FM recorded please to the recording to the browsed, and to Press
to switch the options of Second, Month and or to the and to the LCD The backlight turned off of operation. from seconds. seconds. The of the following interfaces: interface, interface, reading interface, USB interface, and interface. selection Supports such Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Spanish, Swedish, Danish, Polish and off The turned off of operation. from seconds. seconds. This the such as USB, and playback, recording, FM of and the and shutdown of operation, with the of and the of The other than the USB Memory info the and the of or SD of To switch the information or Format the and the where CAUTION of this operation whatever the displays the firmware information. The or the player's firmware through the Download the of to PC. the with USB PC; the and that other connected to the PC. this If the player's internal intact, the switched to the and the information including the of players firmware the the top of interface. Click Select of firmware to the to the firmware to correct, the information including the of firmware the the top right of interface. Then to the If the player's internal the switched to the firmware recovery At this the the top of the software interface the information of the players internal empty, the user to firmware to the firmware. Similarly, the the top right of software interface the information of to recovered. Then, to the the of or recovering the firmware, off the of with PC. the of the the information of "firmware and the appear the of software. the confirmation, the off and
the when the whole finished. tone the of tone, with from If the the tone closed. back to the interface of Press the interface to the and On the text interface, to with its options including: Playback and The functions and operations the as that of On the text reading interface, to with its options including: The function the as that of Each text the of Troubleshooting or LCD the The to the USB and USB Format the Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical Support: 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right selection. Press or to back and forth, and (Text) to the text to