HS-2802
Table of of features operations Stopwatch depth) Supported Troubleshooting Specification............................................................................................................................. HS-2802
Support: Thank purchasing Street and hope using it Please www.hipstreetonline.com FAQ section where to of If there, please the option to technical and and back to promptly. The contained this and the operating instructions operating the that of operation or The of this user to based HS-2802
This section instructions to the performance of the Please seriously the with such chemicals as and thinner. from the high field and field. to or heating and yourself. the and earphones when and as to to the high, as hearing. Duly the and products to the HS-2802
TFT Playback: MP3, WMA, OGG, APE, FLAC, WAV and AAC Recording: MP3 and WAV Browsing: JPG, BMP, GIF, TIF and PNG Playback: AVI, WMV, RM, RMVB, 3GP, MPG, and MOV TXT Browser: Copy and function. Stopwatch, Browser. SD Memory Card internal rechargeable battery. USB2.0 high-speed operation. HS-2802
operations ON OFF switch II On/Off ENTER or it once) Next item or (To and Previous item or (To and Bring and ESC once) Earphone SD SD memory USB HS-2802
the to the On then and II to the The the with to choose from: recording to and stopwatch to Players Select the function and II to function, to and to Connecting the to XP/ and OS CPU: least 1GHZ Memory: least 512MB least GB Other: USB the of the USB to the and the other to USB the Select the option the or to the The the and the automatically, operating HS-2802
Charging the the of the USB to the and the other to USB the the charge option the and to the to charge. The to (approximately hours) the the The as and NO NAME To the to the NO NAME the or Select from the or located the top of the and II to The the with these options: from the directory the internal memory of the selecting from the of his/her listed; with associated with the the title Unknown Unknown and Unknown the function. selecting from the this selecting of this listed. the and users the to their (Directory There of internal memory and memory. the the internal memory, and those the the memory. there memory. Record recording HS-2802
each to their the rating Once rated the the and to the the to outlined the section. with and there the of Select from and II to of the the internal memory Select and II to playback Press II to and Press to to the track or when and Press to back to previous or when and Press and to the Press and to the playback AB of the and to the playback Select AB and II to as the to the That and Press II to to playback. playback such as and and to the Select and II to the of Select the choice and II to Select EQ: such as and and to the playback Choose Select EQ and II to the of Select the choice and II to initiate. the MP3 and to the playback Select and II to Press or to and II to and HS-2802
option such and and to the and II to the of Select the choice and II to initiate. the rating The based and to the playback Select and II to the rating Rate the selecting the of and II to confirm. the access. and to the Select and II to the the memory. to Playlist: the to the playlist. and to the playback Select to and II to the to of the playlist Select the playlist would to the to and II to the and to the playback Select and II to the Music: the Replay and Replay the AB function; the forwarding and operations EQ: and SRS (Sound operations or to and to to the Information: the information of including type and ID3 operations HS-2802
Select from and II to The the with these from previous (directory internal memory and memory. the the internal memory, and those the the memory. of directly the of the internal memory. as or slideshow. Effect: Select from and II to Memory and Card Directory the location where and II to the photo the and II to Press II to slideshow and to Press to to the Press to back to previous Press to or to previous Press and to the operations or and or slideshow. Effect: Background: as background. Background: background to Information: the information of including type and HS-2802
Select from and II to The the with these from (directory internal memory and memory. the the internal memory, and those the the memory. of directly the memory. with please there the of Select from and II to Memory and Card Directory the location where and II to the the and II to playback Press II to and Press to to the or when and Press to back to or when and Press and to the Press to playback or to Press and to the playback operations playback such as and Scan the and the access. or and function. Information: the information of including type and HS-2802
from and II to recording interface. Press II to recording and to Press to recording or to previous Press and recorded to recording. Press and recording to recording Recording operations Record Format: type; MP3 or WAV. Record Quality: recording and high. Path: the location recorded to internal memory or recording playback Select from and II to to Record and II to location containing Select the and II to operations to playback. Select from and II to The the with these from (directory internal memory and memory. the the internal memory, and those the the memory. of directly the internal memory. with and there the of Select from and II to Memory and Card Directory the location where and II to the the and II to HS-2802
Reading Press II to and Press to to the or when and Press to back to previous or when and Press to playback or to previous Press and to the reading Reading operations to: to of the selected Reading the Font the to or Select Select Color: text and background and function. and from and II to The the with Select the function and II to the Press and to and right. Press and to and Press II to the selection. Press to or to HS-2802
Press and to and right. Press and to and Press II to month, or year to Press to or to previous Stopwatch Press II to and to Press to stopwatch or to previous Press and to clear history. from and II to interface. Memory and Card Directory the location where and II to Press and to and II to with function. Press and to option and HS-2802
Select from and II to operations Theme theme: coverflow, and brightness. the and and To the Press and and to switch field, then II to To the Press and and to switch field, then II to English, Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, and Advanced information, and memory, and HS-2802
Supported these the Player. Music: MP3, WMA, OGG, APE, FLAC, WAV and AAC AVI, WMV, RM, RMVB, 3GP, MPG, and MOV JPG, BMP, GIF, TIF and PNG TXT software required. easy to this to think of the as to USB memory The as follow the to the the to and the the from (or Computer). containing that the Left-click the and to the the and the the the from the the containing that the and them to the NO NAME HS-2802
Troubleshooting Players failing to Please whether the and to USB or charging the to hear the sound through the earphone Please whether the to Please whether the earphone the correctly. Serious whether the earphone the Please whether the and trying other If the to serious or sound FM reception Please the and location of the and the earphone Please whether there interference around. the Please whether the option Please whether the properly connected to the Please whether the of internal memory Please whether the USB HS-2802
Memory 512M or capacity Battery 4.2V Lithium Battery 4.2V SNR FM WQVGA TFT HS-2802
HS-2802
Table Assistance Sous-menu HS-2802
Nous informations, www.hipstreetonline.com section service Nous HS-2802
section fournit hors champs tout HS-2802
TFT MP3, WMA, OGG, APE, FLAC, WAV MP3 WAV Navigation JPG, BMP, GIF, TIF PNG fichiers AVI, WMV, RM, RMVB, 3GP, MPG cyberlivres TXT charge SD rechargeable USB AAC MOV HS-2802
ON OFF II marche/arrt CONFIRMATION marche marche touche SD SD Avance/marche USB HS-2802 MicroSD USB
On touche II marche. fonction touche II toute fonction, touche XP OS USB fiche USB USB HS-2802
Charge fiche USB USB charge marche marche charge Sous SANS NOM SANS NOM Mon touches touche II options Toute toutes fonction. toutes toutes options, HS-2802
fichiers; fichiers tous Mon section. Toute touche II touche II touche II touche touche touche touche marche touches touche Sous-menu AB touche AB touche II touche touche II HS-2802
touche touche II touche II activer Choix touche EQ touche II touche II MP3. touche touche II touches touche II Choix options touche touche II options touche II touche touche II touche II touche HS-2802
touche II touche touche II touche II touche touche II fonction AB marche activer touches (SRS). touches touches touche Information afficher linformation type ID3. touches touche II photo. options photo fichiers; HS-2802
touche II touche II touche II touche II touche touche touche touche Sous-menu touches Rotation Affichage Information afficher linformation type touche II options HS-2802
tous touche II touche II touche II touche II touche touche marche touches touche touche Sous-menu touches Choix marche Affichage Information afficher linformation type HS-2802
touche II touche II touche touche touche Sous-menu touches Format MP3 WAV. chemin touche II touche II touche II touches touche II cyberlivre. options cyberlivres HS-2802
cyberlivres tous cyberlivres cyberlivre touche II touche II cyberlivre touche II cyberlivre touche II touche touche marche touche terminer touche Sous-menu touches cyberlivre. cyberlivre fonction HS-2802
touche II fonction touche II touches touches touche II touche touches touches touche II touche touche II touche touche touche II fichiers. touche II Navigation touches touche II fonction touche HS-2802
touche II touches coverflow Affichage touches and touche touche II touches and touche touche II afficher linformation HS-2802
charge these the MP3, WMA, OGG, APE, FLAC, WAV AAC AVI, WMV, RM, RMVB, 3GP, MPG MOV JPG, BMP, GIF, TIF PNG TXT tout USB. Sous Mon bouton fichiers MP3 WMA toute Sous USB bouton HS-2802
FM USB lithium Tension FM WQVGA TFT HS-2802