WSR1200-PE instructions GB
WSR1200-PE reciprocating It that the operating instructions the operated the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other WSR1200-PE operating Function selection switch Switch switch information Technical Preparation and and Warranty Troubleshooting Declaration of conformity information these operating instructions, this of to The tions these to the of serious injury. high The to the The tions found the fold-out cover these while the operating tions. these operating instructions, the to which these operating instructions apply to as the plate Gearing section The WSR1200-PE electrically plastics and It professional The following items supplied: operat- instructions, The following when the The to supply with the information the type The only. The where the rounding of
of the Class II protection insulated) (as EN protection) Mechanical clutch protection) Vibration-absorbing inversion Infinitely preselection with switch action The the following Applications of Cutting Cutting and with and screws Cutting to thick Cutting insulation Cutting softwoods and of to and to Cutting Cutting of to to Cutting of to to and Cutting to insulation Demolition Cutting through and Cutting through trays, and Cutting and through Cutting Technical rating input of with (A) Typical (weighted) action The offered Please to the information the type plate the and input of Right of technical WSR 1200-PE action constant-speed
the following to the of injury, shock and fire Please and the instructions below the protective Wear ear protection Wear Wear protective Wear clothing. Dont wear clothing, or as become caught of the Wear shoes. the which should from the that the other the of the the of the surrounding account. Dont the tool to or and the of or the each the of the the supply and Dont or the operated correctly. ther of the or other that should to that properly and its function. or free of of mounting and oth- that its operation. or other that should properly repaired or authorized service oth- indicated this instruction switches authorized service facility. the the switch turn and off. the that the with the to the the and that they tion correctly the the recommended and Wear protection when the the the which force or to the of heavy to tree or Apply the both when it To efficiency and when the of the the of length. To back, the of the least the throughout the It the and which The become unexpectedly. Switch off the distracted from the the supply from the to the rear. the the supply cord. Dont the the supply cord. Dont the supply to heat, or If the supply becomes while the immediately. or front of the when with the to and Concealed or and serious while Accordingly, the which and earthed grounded such as or of the become when inadvertently. Dont the with the switch while connected to the supply. that the switched off to the supply. the of the when the and when the and Follow the and instructions and the when or should high or locked-up of reach of or the of the and to and of shock. Repairs to the autho- using
to this to the or of Accordingly, the repaired service or authorised wear protective and protective when as or or to the It than and frees both to the the of to that and wrenches from the switching Preparation It that the these operating instructions and The supply to the infor- mation the type If used: cords of type the and of section used. to this reduced performance of the and heating of the cord. cords replaced. The recommended cross-sections and and correspondingly Proceed and the when the the with the supply from the to that the of the clean. Conductor cross-section that the clean. Turn the locking counter- clockwise the the and the locking Release the locking heard to that securely the If the the the locking the the and then release the locking the the supply from the to Turn the locking and the Wear protective The of the The recommended pre-selected turning the wheel to the the operating switch the then the The selected thanks to the built-in constant-speed which overheating of the when with the The switches off as as the overloaded. It restarted the operat- switch The recommended and information concerning the choice of found the information with these products and the of selection high Recommended with finishing Non-ferrous The to performance. The from these the used, the supply and the employed. of the increased
action action action off The performance when or thin increased through of the action. The action switched off or the function tion switch to the The switch operated while the or when the the supply from the to of the the of and and Correct of the that the of the optimally and corners. The should only and when the action switched off. to to the the while the and without first only with with the of the or the the with the front of the the and switch Press the firm- the and the reducing the of the to the the through the the the (the of the and then the and only with The to shown the to as together with Accordingly, highest performance and when this with of and The this shown the of the of the found the Should included the please the or offers of professional and them or to the Please the instructions and of the following section. to that their own the to the supply caused the of the The Corporation of this or and of the The casing of the from impact-resis- plastic. the shield and the protective from Clean the of the using slightly cloth. Dont cleaning or clean- This the of the the of the free from and grease. Dont cleaning which the when the Clean the Dont to the of the Clean off and and from them from to with the clean and lightly greased. of the and that faultlessly. Dont the when or when the function faultlessly. repaired service Repairs to the sections of the trained specialists.
Warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the warranty within months from the of the and the technical This that and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of only. or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. Additional excluded, such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the warranties of chantability or specifically excluded. or and/or related immediately of the to the of the This with to warranty and or and oral or written concerning
of the from which The rectly they countries, already back recycling. Please service or further information. Should to the to facility recycling, as follows: the as as without the to and to the grease that This should of rectly. On account should grease allowed to the or to its the ground. The should as follows: assembly Recycling casing Gear housing and switch and and sheath Gearing Screws, Troubleshooting Symptom The the supply another and whether Defective or and Switch and Cross-section of the of sectional section Preparation to to switch Press the switch as as action Function switch to function switch to action action action when turned Turn locking as as from the as as and
WSR1200-PE EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG 98/37/EWG EC of conformity Reciprocating Designation: WSR1200-PE of responsibility, that this with the following and EN EN EN EN to the of the 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG 98/37/EWG CE WSR1200-PE Nous EN EN EN EN 73/23/CEE, 89/336/CEE 98/37/CEE. CE WSR1200-PE EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG, 98/37/EWG WSR1200-PE EN EN EN EN 73/23/EWG, 89/336/EWG, 98/37/EWG Corporation
Corporation FL-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O. 325934/A