ENGLISH EN
Information Copyrights rights The information this to without Inc. warranty with to the including, the of merchantability and Inc. or or with the furnishing, performance, or of the to the Doing to shock or malfunction. allow the which to shock or fire. the the the the or the operated the type of indicated the If the type of please or protecting the from overheating. the of grounding type the supply only with earthed The the and easily The 40C or H03VV-F EUT H05VV-F EUT 2X or 3G, used. FCC Notice or to the specified the instruction. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. this through which or that to fire or shock. this the outlet from that to which the connected.
Information Microsoft, MS-DOS, and of Microsoft Corporation. and of Incorporated. Macintosh, and OS of Apple Computer, Inc., the U.S. and other U.S. of Corporation. other or of their respective
Table of Checking the Introduction of P510S Top Rear P510S Ready to the the Assembling the and the the to the the Introduction of Function Photo(s) Correctly the memory finishing finishing Print: Selected finishing Print: Batch Photo(s) With On finishing with the finishing with the Passport/ID Photo(s) to or ID Format to ID to New ID to Photo(s) What Connecting the to PC the Finishing to Direct only)
Checking Application USB Cord If something from the please or service to NECESSARY installation. EXCLUDED.
the Inc. the firmware, and to Please www.hiti.com information. product(s), please service
Introduction of P510S Top Directional of CF memory of SD MMC MS MS memory 3.6-inch LCD PRINT the of USB or USB HDD (FAT only).
Introduction of P510S Rear USB Cord Switch
P510S Ready to the the Assembling the and (Necessary installation) assembly, please the the and first when The spacers Match the notch of and the notch of that of notches, and the other notches. Core
P510S Ready to the the as shown, and then the to the assembly) the
P510S Ready to the from the the and then the that the the the as shown, the of consistency with of the the
P510S Ready to the counterclockwise to back straight and with as shown. the the turned P510S ready the the and then the front to the installation.
Introduction of Function of SD MMC MS MS memory of CF CF II IBM memory USB (USB the shows to the function of activated. the shows to the function of activated. to photo with It select-and-print and allows of function. Selected Print, Batch Print, and Index Print. ONLY Selected Print, function allowed to Selected Batch Three P510S On the HOT KEY switching the Passport/ID and Photo. as as the selected ALWAYS to finishing the and Print. photo finishing users to apply and to The to then. the of the selected earlier inactivated. ID Passport/ID the of ID photo finishing. Passport/ID
Function Passport/ID Color) LCD (NTSC, PAL, OFF) Advanced Wireless-Camera Wireless-Mobile Cleaning Cutting Recovery Count Selected About
Photo(s) Correctly the memory USB or when the Memory used.
Photo(s) finishing to with to and to and to function CANNOT Selected printed to
Photo(s) finishing Print: Selected finishing: Selected Batch Selected users to allowed to and photo each Selected and to photo to the to to to the repeating Selected photo(s) to
Photo(s) finishing Print: Batch DO NOT memory Batch to as as clicks. and printed. Please that function of CANNOT Batch to the to or the If the and would to please that and then to and to and
Finishing With On finishing with the of three of the to switch the and Passport/ID Photo. Select and to the then. the activated, the top of to Print\Selected and choose to printed. The selected with
Finishing With On finishing with the options to apply: Print, users or with the completed. to Select further Select or Print. as least to
Finishing With On with
Passport/ID Photo(s) ID Passport/ID the switched to Passport/ID Photo. the Passport/ID and then to to ID to to the to the to the to the to ID photo, Selected to loaded.
Passport/ID Photo(s) loaded, the to the of and then to to of
How to or ID Format P510 photo and ID the internal of the freely or from the them, theres to the of the or If to Passport/ID the to the Passport/ID to and to If to photo or ID please Load. or ID the memory with If to or ID from the please Selected or Select those to or to the or ID to or to from the memory or from the If to please to Conversely, to
to ID to New ID ID Creator, please this the You the software the CD of Choose item to apply the of ID to
to ID to New ID from ID the right the You whether to ID or White the ID and White
How to ID to New ID With White
How to ID to New ID with White White White
to ID to New ID With and White
to ID to New ID [or ID allows each and You or directly the from the top or (or
to Photo(s) P510 allows to their with Function of CAN ONLY BE USED following Print\Selected Photo\Collage ID Select item and Select item and to the function R/G to and and then to the and then to the to the to the
What It Works to the of P510 to finished using please memory with least photo. The referencing photo of from the memory to and Select below please memory with least to the The from the memory the Choose as the reference item to Brightness, Sharpness, R/G, and B/Y to to and effective the to
finishing, please the Please to the instructions. The to through Please below the of PC. or PC OS to 128MB RAM or higher 100MB or free CD-ROM or DVD-ROM Connecting the to PC Please the to PC USB If the please reach the or service to
the the turned off the CD CD/DVD ROM, and then the the If the installation automatically, please the the CD. Press You might the security and installation. Please this to If the to the turning PC and please the New found, please and software to the
Finishing Software: and to Click the and choose Print
Finishing P510 selected Click Print to finishing
Please that of P510 to without Item Prints Around Memory Card* CF SD (SDHC) MMC MS MS USB only) AC V~240 V, Operation Condition 10C~35C 50F~95F; excluded) Capacity 3.6-inch TFT LCD 2000/XP OS to
to Direct DSLR to and 30D/20D the to wireless to instruction of theres to the of wireless WFT-E1A. On introduction of to On to Advanced Select and then the function. the and wireless activates. below wireless function activated, EDIT users the info about wireless of Press to the instruction of wireless Selecting Connecting LAN FTP shown LCD of SSID SSID allowed to freely. of SSID MUST with SSID If correct,
DSLR to and D200 the to wireless to instruction of theres to the of wireless WT-3. On introduction of to On to Advanced Select Wireless and the function. the and wireless automatically activates. below wireless function activated, EDIT users the info about wireless Press to the instruction of wireless Select WT-3A to D200 of FTP SSID as TCP/IP SSID allowed to freely. of SSID MUST with SSID
FTP If correct, shown LCD