TE 7-C instructions
This Product Producto
ORIGINAL OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS TE C It that the operating tions the the first these operating instructions together with the that the operating instructions with the when to other information instructions and Troubleshooting warranty information and their DANGER to that to serious or fatality. WARNING to that to serious or fatality. CAUTION to that to or to the or other property. These to the tions. The found the fold-out cover these while studying the operating instructions. these operating instructions, the the to the TE 7-C and Function switch switch switch with Interface TE DRS NOTE to instruction or other information. Explanation of the pictograms and other information Warning Warning: warning electricity
of the as directed The electrically-powered with The and The light chiseling and finishing to the health The professional The operated, serviced and repaired authorized, trained This of that encountered. The and its ancillary when incorrectly or when as directed. The as follows: or The operated only when connected to supply and with the information its type or to the To the of injury, and the information the operating instructions concerning operation, and Wear Wear Wear ear Wear protection hat protection protective Wear breathing protection the operating instructions recycling. without Chisel Amps Rated insulated Location of the The type found the type and the the of the housing. of this operating instructions and to when to or service
TE C CLICK Switches switch smooth Function switch: without Chisel Chiseling Vibration-absorbing, with Protective Mechanical clutch Items as cords cords of type the and with conductors of section. The otherwise performance and the overheat. the cords. Recommended section and cords with or AWG TE C CLICK with instructions toolbox Cleaning cloth Grease Conductor AWG AWG tion 100V
only that and correspondingly this or This or which the following The of least the the rating the The operating within and of the rated the and and the with and other or from the or the Switching other or and off and or to the Technical Right of technical NOTE The ratings. Please to the type plate of its rated and rated input TE C CLICK Forming and Lightweight Pointed chisel C-type chisel C-type Shaped C-type Anchor-setting C-type Quick-release and smooth or Key-type With smooth or TE DRS-M C-type
Other information about the TE C Click performance Protection Protection (grounded) or protection II insulated). type instructions NOTE which, with the to the operating instructions. Accordingly, of the to this WARNING and instructions. to follow the and instructions shock, fire and/or serious and instructions reference. The the to mains-operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) Work and or spheres, such as the of or which the or children and while Distractions to TE C Rated Rated input of the including (L H) without match the the with earthed (grounded) and matching outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. If operating location (RCD) protected supply. of RCD reduces the of shock.
what and when operating while or the influence of or medication. of while operating serious injury. protective wear protection. Protective such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off to and/or or carrying the Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the overreach. footing and ance This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of reduce dust-related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the tool. the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions, account the and the to of the operations from those Service serviced using This that the of the maintained. Wear ear protectors. to hearing with the of injury. insulated when where the accessory or its cord. accessory exposed of the and the shock. Additional the securely with both the the and from and grease. Breathing protection the without that the relaxing and touching rotating Switch the the
Touching rotating rotating to injury. the supply and from the to the while This to the while Children instructed to with the The or those who received instruction or WARNING: created and known to infertility or other or and or other of these chemicals from lead-based from and other products and and from chemically- treated from these this type of To reduce to these chemicals, the and should well-ventilated with such as protection the type of and to and from the and prolonged with Wear protective clothing and with and Allowing to mouth, or to absorption of chemicals. and the or to the The securely than hand and both to the that the with the and that they the correctly. Switch the off and the supply the of or the supply. This restarting when the the using to that or and of the become when This serious of shock. the and found to If the with specially-prepared from Customer Service. and them found to the supply or while the supply from the supply cords or cords of shock. or which should Service or to the of the from of shock. with to that the connected to the supply of ground (GFCI) with rating of of ground reduces the of shock. of ground (GFCI) with of recommended. Work that the that the ventilated. to poorly to the health.
If the right through, the the and or and other protective The user and other the vicinity wear ANSI protection, the CAUTION the from the to injury. Disconnect the supply from the Release the turning the counterclockwise. Operation CAUTION the of the sticking, the tool about its the with the and securely with both that the force the clutch to release the of the sticking. or to the securely. hat, ear protection, protective and breathing protection while the the the and the section the front of the the the CAUTION that the the the tool. the turning the clock- of and or Please to the section. the Release the turning the counterclockwise. the the the to the depth. the securely turning the section. This the
the tool CAUTION Wear protective when the the supply from the that the of the and lightly greased. Clean and grease necessary. that the of the shield and Clean the shield or the found to (please to the and section). the the and while applying the the further the heard to that the correctly Removing the CAUTION Wear protective when as the the supply from the the back the release the of the Removing the CAUTION the from the and the from the to NOTE the switch to the Chiseling the the supply from the the and curely. the from the the CAUTION the from the and the from the to NOTE the switch to the Chiseling the the supply from the the and securely this the the from the front and then release the the heard to CAUTION the to Wear protection and protective Wear breathing protection used. Splintering of to the and CAUTION The Wear ear protectors. to hearing NOTE The only when the reached operating Bring the with the while allowing the to the operating reached. If necessary, this the to
without Turn the function switch the without the function switch while the Bring the the and that correctly and secured. the supply the the and the where the to Press the switch the the Press the switch to with the to the to the This the of Turn the function switch the the function switch while the Bring the the and that correctly and secured. the supply the the and the where the to Press the switch the the Press the switch to with apply This increase the ance. the of the shortly through to and CAUTION the from the of Clean off and to the and them from the from to with Chiseling NOTE The chisel to This that and to the Chisel CAUTION the when the switch to Chisel Turn the function switch the Chisel ate the function switch while the Bring the the and that correctly and secured. the chisel to the the chisel Turn the function switch it the Chiseling the function switch while the Chiseling the supply the NOTE the function switch while the the of the chisel the where chiseling to Press the switch. CAUTION the switch while the the forward/reverse switch to the or of the CAUTION the its and free from and grease. cleaning which
The outer casing of the from plastic. Sections of the from synthetic the when the Clean the using to the of the Clean the of the with slightly cloth. cleaning or cleaning. This the of the Cleaning or the shield Clean the shield the with clean cloth Clean the and then grease lightly with grease. It that the shield the found to the of screwdriver the of the shield and the front. Clean Troubleshooting The the supply. another and whether or the supply and trained and necessary. trained Other The worn. the supply and trained and necessary. action. The too cold. Allow the to to the operating section: Working The function switch the function switch to to without The forward/reverse switch the forward/reverse switch to to rotation. rotation. the of the with shield and then shield. Press WARNING Repairs to the section of the trained of the and that faultlessly. the or when the function faultlessly. If necessary, the should repaired Service. Checking the and carrying and the tool, that protective and and that they function faultlessly.
of the from which or The correctly they countries, already back or recycling. Please service or further information. warranty warrants that the free of and workmanship. This warranty as the operated and correctly, cleaned and serviced properly and with the Instructions, and the technical This that only and the This warranty the free-of-charge or of the of the or as of wear and tear covered this warranty. The The cords with section section. (Please to the section.) The switch Press the switch as as The The function switch or the Chiseling or Chisel the the function switch to the without or The cant released. The pulled back the back as as and the The The forward/reverse switch the forward/reverse switch to to rotation. rotation. Additional areexcluded, tional such indirect, or or with, or reason of, the of, or to the of merchantability or specifically excluded. or the or related immediately of the to the of the provided. This with to warranty and or aneous and oral or written concerning
Corporation LI-9494 www.hilti.com of Printed Right of technical and S. E. O.