Instruction HS-529-2GBBK MP3
purchase of this Street MP3 and hope Please www.hipstreetonline.com. The this only, Please that and the information with this instruction to It that this instruction reference. sincerely hope that this high offers hours of
the that cold, or the The Please charge the when of the following A. B. The continuously off C. The become inactive D. Cant the the while formatting or uploading/downloading as this the warranty Specifications to and without While formatting the please the as FAT32 this of this with or
Function 2GB memory MP3 WMA Works as memory (USB EQ Normal, Classic, DBB to choose from Normal, and power-saving Rechargeable
to know this LED Press and the to or function and the
Function the and the to the To function, through the the or buttons and the to
Telephone
USB PC: on/off To and off the and the off. acts as when pressed. Press and to the VOL+ and VOL the and the or buttons to item or (To and
previous item or (To and ON OFF HOLD: the the and to the function. the or Previous to choose the and the button. Press the and the and buttons to the This player *.LRC to The and the and the The only the the the the and the the If the to match the the
top of the from Press and the to the to and the to to
Record and the and the of seconds) the backlight the backlight the to (English, the off and off the replay Replay the memory memory Memory info the of the
USB memory This as USB This and without OS and and Charging the the to USB to charge the It recommended to the than hours. the to the REPEAT the Normal repeatedly One repeatedly repeatedly
SHUFFLE INTRO the first seconds of Choose Normal, Classic, DBB Rate increase the or the Replay With this function, to replay of
the replay the and which to repeated. The the of and B. Please If with this please www.hipstreetonline.com and section or ready to with about through first-time or of the features. or Customer Technical 1-888-4KOBIAN or through EST to right
HS-529-2GBBK MP3
Nous MP3 Street www.hipstreetonline.com informations Nous recommandons conserver conserver Nous
charger A. B. hors fonction C. touches inactives. D. fonction. FAT32
MP3 WMA flash USB) Normal, DBB fichiers, tout, introduction rechargeable
DEL touche M fonction
fonction, touche M fonction, touches touche M
USB PC fonction touche hors fonction. touche touche VOL+ VOL touche option. touche
touche ON OFF fonction fonction touches touche touche touches Affichage *.LRC dafficher
touche M touche M
dafficher hors fonction hors fonction Info dafficher
USB USB. OS brancher USB recharge touche M
RPTITION Normal toute toute tout ALATOIRE toute
INTRODUCTION touches Normal, Classic, DBB. fonction B.
www.hipstreetonline.com toute Nous raccords, 1-888-4KOBIAN EST