Card Hi-Touch V.2007.03 CS-300 www.hi-ti.com
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS and of Microsoft Corporations. U.S. of Corporation. U.S. of Apple Computer, Inc. and of Incorporated. and or of their respective COPYRIGHT The information contained this to without warranty of with to this including, to, the of merchantability and or or with the furnishing, the performance, or the of this Reproduction, or translation of this prohibited without written of Hi-Touch as allowed copyright Card (written Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese), or and other countries
SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS these instructions these instructions reference. Follow and instructions as the this from the outlet cleaning. or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the the and the to of the and to overheating, these should or covered. the or other the These products should or or heat or built-in installation, provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of with or with the If with this that the rating of the the the rating of the cord. Also, that the rating of products the outlet the to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service www.hi-ti.com
Instruction Chapter Chapter Software Instruction To Clean Chapter Troubleshooting Card Specification Instructions C Warranty FCC Customer Service Information Information Appearance CS-300 Cord USB Cleaning Card Ribbon XP Uninstall XP Card CS Instruction LCD Instruction Instruction Clean Cleaning Clean Path Clean TPH Head Clean Clean Clean Ribbon
Instruction Thank choosing Card hope this the of and association. With this easily and high cards, such as ID cards/credit cards, membership Please this and the operating the Card CS-300 Supports High Supports types. Supports types. Compatible with Card CS professional software. www.hi-ti.com
Chapter Please the following items included when the 1.Card USB Cleaning If of the items please facility or information, please to Customer Service Information. Cord CD Cleaning
Appearance of CS-300 CS-300 A. Card This the Card cards. Please the and to shield them with the built-in to there. B. Card thickness selection CS-300 four selections thickness: and Please and the thickness to the thickness which matches the thickness of the the Card C. LCD The of the displayed the LCD [OK], [ESC] buttons to the operation of the and troubleshooting. D. ID To please the ID the top of the to the E. Rejected the reading/writing and/or cards, these rejected which about cards. The when to around the rejected Please these to the F. Card The
CS-300 C A. Switch This switch the of the or off. B. C. USB Connector Please the to such as PC or the build-in USB D. and information
A. LED Light Turn the The initiate and the LED light to that the If shown the LCD and the LED. Please to Chapter Troubleshooting this Light LED that the of the Light LED that occurred. Please the troubleshooting B. LCD The and displayed this LCD C. You [OK] [ESC] buttons to the information and the of the or these buttons to initiate the cleaning process. www.hi-ti.com
Cord USB the to the AC the cord. Please the to PC the USB Turn the Switch". the Switch, please that already the Please to Chapter You "New Found" the PC Then initiate the The the when the If the LED lights that would that the If the LED lights please the ERROR displayed the LCD and the troubleshooting and finished. www.hi-ti.com
Cleaning Please the cleaning the the ID and the the cover of the cleaning as illustrated. While holding the of the cleaning the cleaning the receivers. Turn the cleaning its installation; smoothly, then the of the cleaning should correct. If smoothly, please the cleaning Please the cover of the cleaning and the to the of the cleaning
Card Ribbon The include and ribbons. You or to information. The Card Please and the thickness to the thickness which matches the thickness of the to printed. the the top and the of the Card Please to the instruction the to the weight properly as illustrated. Notes: The should the Card The and to as illustrated. If the the Card smoothly the please the sticking to each other or the with The The Then please the Card as the instructions the Card the of the Card *The installation: The Then please the Card as the instructions the Card www.hi-ti.com
The Ribbon the rotating the the the as illustrated. as the ID and the the and the as illustrated. Please the properly seated the the the STATUS LED displays light and the LCD shows READY. www.hi-ti.com
Chapter Software Please PC conforms to the following or PC 2000/XP MB RAM or higher USB MB or free CD-ROM Notice!! Microsoft, MS, MS-DOS and of the Microsoft Corporation. U.S. of the Corporation. and or of their respective
2000/XP) the CD the CD-ROM If the automatically; the the Please CS-300. 2.Please CS-300 and 3.Click the to the the to the PC the USB and the
or XP, theres showing Not or Incompatibility, please to to the copying the XP this and the finished. Uninstall CS-300 Card Select option, then the to the CS-300 The Uninstall to www.hi-ti.com
CardDesiree CS the CD the CD-ROM the then please the the Select "Software CardDesiree CS" and Select and then the the finished, appear to whether or to "Card CS" the The "Card CS" finished.
Instruction You the Select CS-300 and right-click the then The including integrated The as below: Option Encoding About
Option] You the of the this A. Ribbon Select the type to YMCKO ribbon,2. or YMCO ribbon. B. Card Select the type to You choose Card, Chip Card, Chip Card, Card, Chip/Magnetic Card, and Card. Card) C. Quality Quality the If this option, the increase the D. Direction: You or Landscape. Landscape) If software other than Card CS and the of CS-300, then please to the E. the of to F. back which to G. Select the the Ribbon type, to the If YMC the and of the YMCKO the process. H. This option YMCKO ribbons. the front of the YMC of YMCKO; meanwhile, the back of YMCKO. Then the user of YMCKO (YMC the front the back C www.hi-ti.com
the YMCKO as type, options NOTE: raphical the to graphical and them to output such as and It recommended to to Card CS to as type, then options the Black/White and Dither Black/White The K the graphic/texts (RGB=0, and white Dither Dither of black-white to graphic to If the text the (RGB=0, graphical GDI, then the text shown the The K within YMCKO to the section and the (RGB graphical It the (RGB Y, and C. The K within the YMCKO to of the (RGB the The K within YMCKO to Text only the graphical Text which transmitted GDI command, to the the or the (RGB of the graphical the GDI command. the transmitted the GDI command, this option apply to within the YMCKO to the when Black/White The K the graphic/texts (RGB=0, and white Dither Dither of black-white to graphic to If the the (RGB=0, graphical GDI, then the text shown the The K within the YMCKO to the (RGB graphical that transmitted the GDI command, to the (RGB=0, the
this which covered and the ribbon. You areas, such as the following instructions. The the which covered the and the the where the and Overcoat/Dye the the front and the back shown as the white/blank areas, that the covered the coating and YMC within the YMCKO the process. other to covered the ribbon, this function to the If to within the YMCKO or the please to the A. Overcoat/Dye [Overcoat/Dye the which covered and (white) the coating and YMC within the YMCKO B. the which covered and uncovered the or within the YMCKO ribbon. C. You and to and to assign or template with through the and to the Please to the further Notice apply the Card Option to the Card Card CS. Meanwhile, the chosen template from the match the Card selected both Option and Card CS. C www.hi-ti.com
A. You choose the or the previously and through the If would to please B. the C. the editing. D. As: the location the E. the from location editing. F. the to location. G. You the height and of this H. I. You from the J. You to this K. You to the of the and the its C
[Color] You the of this A. There four The (Enhanced): applying this option, please follow the as below: Please whether the hitechca or and CS-300 C www.hi-ti.com
Please the C. and E. respectively. Meanwhile, B. Function. apply preference: Select this option and follow the E. Tone respectively. Also, please as Meanwhile, B. Function. B. Function: selected). This function increases the performance of the C. You the performance and sharpness or the to to the D. Preference: You the tone to through this function. Preference relatively performance Preference relatively performance E. Yellow/Red (Y/R The from-5 to and displays of and Red. Light (L/D The from-5 to and displays of Light and Preview: This displays the of these to the F. Chart: You and chart to the of the You the chart reference to the A. C. and D. Tone Preference Please B. Function the chart. If would to the as the selected from the chart, then please the A., C., D. the chart. the the as the selected from the chart. If would to the chart, then please apply preference A. Preference Please to the A. Preference further below to the Please the buttons C. and www.hi-ti.com
A. You the thickness of the and chat, then [A] or [B] or [C] to the Notice: Please the of the thickness the matches the thickness of the proceeding to [A] or [B] or [C] to the the please that the B. Cleaning You the cleaning to cleaning from C. Heating You YMC from to to the intensity. If the YMCKO ribbon, then the YMC and within the YMCKO ribbon; however, to the only too to the of the to C
Encoding Encoding directly. the manually the of the There three within the The first includes characters and other The and the third characters only. Track Track Track encoding, the function of encoding, Track Track Track Apply encoding. the Encoding which to from Notice: The the who C Encoding The information about the of Retrying: finishing encoding, the the If the reading the to the to the of the There reference. The of match this this button, the as follows: ABCDEFRG C Card CS as their www.hi-ti.com
A. You and from other to B. You the Option and from to other computers. Notice The function this covers the Option and and the please Please to importing/Exporting the of the [About] This section the information of this and HIJKLMN HIJKLMN HIJKLMN ABCDEFRG this the only this the this the HIJKLMN this both the the this both the the tracks, HIJKLMN this both the the tracks, HIJKLMN this of the tracks, www.hi-ti.com
Chapter Instruction this Chapter, introduction about the operation through the LCD LCD instruction The with LCD and four buttons which to Turn the switch the the and feedback the the LCD would troubleshooting instructions from the LCD If everything then the LCD Ready. to the previous option [ESC] to the previous instruction the LCD shows READY, OK to the or to the It to the as follows. DEVICE INFO to the option [OK] to the RIBBON TYPE The type the The thickness the CARD TYPE MODEL NAME The FW VERSION The IC CARD R/W The IC reading/writing function. (YES/NO) MAG CARD R/W The reading/writing function. (YES/NO) The reading/writing RF CARD R/W function. (YES/NO) The switch. You RIBBON CH1 the CH1 or CH2 (CH1/CH2)
CLEANING MODE PUT CLEANING KIT OPEN THE DOOR CLEAN PROCESSING CARD OUT SNR The the card-insert (ENABLE DISABLE) The [DISABLE]. once switch [DISABLE] to [ENABLE] and there the Card the [CARD OUT] shown the LCD If the [Card to the Card and then please switch [ENABLE] to [DISABLE] and to Chapter Troubleshootin The shown the and the Card or feeding OR The shown the LCD and the CARD OUT. this please the service ADF SENSOR SEL The (ADF SENSOR 1/ADF SENSOR the feeding to switch ADF SENSOR or ADF SENSOR troubleshooting. If the please to Troubleshootin The shown the and the Card or feeding OR The shown the LCD and the CARD OUT. and the feeding please the service Please follow the instruction the LCD the from the cleaning the cleaning and the Press [OK] to initiate the cleaning process. www.hi-ti.com
Chapter to to the performance of the and the quality, please to regularly. cleaning the following Please to the following when the quality, highly to the and and when the please or cover to Please the Thermal Head or type of to Please off the to head Please NOT ribbons and that already or ribbons or It or and the that the warranty of would become Please the cleaning to the www.hi-ti.com
Clean Cleaning Switch the off. the ID and the the cover of the cleaning and the cleaning off, as illustrated. the cleaning the of the cleaning or the to the from the cleaning Please the cleaning the receivers. Turn the cleaning installation; smoothly, the of the cleaning correct. If smoothly, please the cleaning www.hi-ti.com
Clean Path Turn the switch of the The the automatically, and Ready the LCD Click the or and [Cleaning to the cleaning process. The cleaning displayed the LCD Please follow the instructions off the Please the 3M both of the cleaning and the Card Press the [OK] to the cleaning process. The Cleaning finished. PC Turn the switch of the the to the PC with the USB the Choose CS-300 and right-click and Select the and the [Cleaning button. Follow the cleaning process, the cover of the off the the cleaning the Card Please the release from the cleaning and the cleaning the Card Press the to the cleaning process. The Cleaning finished. Notices: the the cleaning process. the cover of the the cleaning process. off the or the USB the cleaning www.hi-ti.com
Clean TPH Head Please off the cleaning the TPH head. the the TPH head attached to the Please the cleaning to the TPH head. Notices: Please the TPH head with hand. or cleaners to the thermal head. Please the the STATUS LED displays and LCD displays READY. The cleaning finished.
Clean Switch the off. the the from the of and the the as illustrated. the the and the The cleaning finished. www.hi-ti.com
Cleaning Switch the off. and the Card the and the please the cleaning to the and the the card-insert www.hi-ti.com
Clean Ribbon Switch the off. the the Please the cleaning to clean the as shown. Please the and the www.hi-ti.com
Troubleshooting If there the LCD please the first; [OK] immediately. Please follow the instructions below troubleshooting. Notice: [OK] the the and the and The shown the and the The off-line The Card or feeding Card The correct. Please the CR-80 cards. The switch off The connected to the The USB connected to PC or to the There the Card or the feeding process. the the properly connected to the and the switch turned ON. If the ON and then the light USB the USB properly connected to PC. Please the USB properly connected to the Please follow the instruction from the Card CS-300 to the You the from the Please the Card empty. 3.Please the thickness of the the Card matches the selected thickness. Please whether the the or Please the sticking to each other. If the please to the following procedures: If the appears the with back the Card then please switch CARD OUT SNR to [DISABLE] through the LCD The feeding If please whether the correct. If or with back please switch the ADF SENSOR to SENSOR2 through LCD
Ribbon The The the Ribbon ribbon. Ribbon IC R/W the Unsupported this Please the ribbon. Unknown The Please the ribbon. The or the or the the Please Please follow the instructions from the LCD to switch the (Please to Chapter section the of RIBBON If the please or service Please the Please the properly. Please the the of the and the to the Please the properly. If the please or service Please the Please the properly and the necessary. Please the to the Please the ribbon. Please clean the the of the and the ribbon. If the please ribbon. If the please or service
Card Card Card rejected Card the rejected R/J The rejected of The rejected the R/J Card the Please the following the instructions the LCD of the the Please OK to instructions. OPEN THE DOOR: the to whether the and the sticking together or TAKE OFF THE RIBBON: the ribbon. There three options Please or to of these AUTO REMOVE CARD: Press OK the MOVING CARD and the automatically. SEMI-AUTO REMOVAL: Press OK The LCD CONTROL BUTTON or to the the OK to clear the MANUAL REMOVAL: Press OK the LCD REMOVE BY HAND removing the OK to clear the NOTICE SEMI-AUTO REMOVAL or the MANUAL REMOVAL process, please DO NOT the NOTICE If the LCD NEXT below the CARD JAM please the rejected and the troubleshooting the NOTICE If the of and the Card the first then please follow the previous instructions to the and the cleaning properly. If please follow the instruction Cleaning to the cleaning If the LCD NEXT below the CARD JAM please the rejected and then the troubleshooting process. Please the rejected or follow the instructions from the LCD and NEXT IGNORE THE ERROR to clear this Please the rejected properly or please follow the instruction the LCD and NEXT IGNORE THE ERROR to clear this www.hi-ti.com
TPH SDRAM SRAM FLASH firmware R/W CRC Command USB Trying to to the please The the The of the correct. The to memory the The to PC USB and other USB (Including other the USB and the USB and both the there might of USB and this the Press the to the the of from and follow the instructions from the Card to the firmware. If the please or service Please the If the please or service Please the or the from and follow the instruction from Card to the firmware. If the please or service Please other USB the to USB PC USB To of USB please PC to USB Notice: You of the Hardware/ USB Universal It USB Enhanced You to USB or operating the other USB while the You try to switch the other USB USB and the CheckUsb.exe, to there the USB CheckUsb.exe, please service www.hi-ti.com
Thermal head overheat internal this the LCD The and their below: The displayed the LCD and the The There the Card CARD OUT CARD MISMATCH The correct. Please the CR-80 cards. RIBBON OUT The The the RIBBON MISSING ribbon. The the automatically. the overheated, the temporarily and cool the The the below than to the might higher that the cool its This when the overheated the operating Please while the thermal head and the automatically. Please the with conditioning. Please there the Card Please the selected thickness of the matches the the weight used. Please the sticking to each other. If this please to the following If this appears the with back the Card please switch CARD OUT SNR to [DISABLE] through the LCD The feeding If If or the Please with ribbon. Please follow the instructions from the LCD to switch the (Please to Chapter section the of RIBBON If the please or service Please the Please the the If please and please that the feeding correct. with back please switch ADF SENSOR to SENSOR2 through LCD www.hi-ti.com
RIBBON IC ERROR the RIBBON UNSUPPORTED The Please the ribbon. RIBBON UNKNOWN The or DOOR OPEN Please the CARD JAM NEXT Card the The this Please the ribbon. to its Please the the of the and the ribbon. Please the closed. If the please or service Please clean the the of the and the the If the please ribbon. If the please or service Please the following the instructions the LCD the Please OK to instructions. OPEN THE DOOR: the to the and the sticking together. TAKE OFF THE RIBBON: the ribbon. There three options the of Please or to of these options: AUTO REMOVE CARD: Press OK the SEMI-AUTO REMOVAL: Press OK the MANUAL REMOVAL: Press OK the NOTICE SEMI-AUTO REMOVAL or MANUAL REMOVAL process, please DO NOT the NOTICE If the LCD NEXT below the CARD JAM please the rejected and then the troubleshooting through the NOTICE If the the and Card the first please follow then the instructions to the and the cleaning properly. If please follow the instructions Cleaning to the cleaning MOVING CARD and the automatically. LCD CONTROL BUTTON or to the the OK to clear the LCD REMOVE BY HAND the OK to clear the www.hi-ti.com
RJ-BOX FULL The rejected of The rejected the RJ-BOX MISSING PRINT FAIL The CAM TPH ERROR CAM PINCH ERROR CAM FLIP ERROR CAM MAG ERROR The of the firmware CHECKSUM ERROR correct. NVRAM R/W ERROR NVRAM CRC ERROR CMD SEQUENCE ERROR The the The to memory the The to command Please the from the rejected or follow the instructions from the LCD and NEXT IGNORE THE ERROR to clear this Please the rejected properly. please follow the instructions the LCD and NEXT IGNORE THE ERROR to clear this Please the If the please or service If the please or service www.hi-ti.com Please the the of from the and follow the instructions from the Card to the firmware. If the please or service Please the If the please or service Please the or the from the and follow the instructions from the Card to the firmware. If the please or service www.hi-ti.com www.hi-ti.com
CS-300 CS-300i Photo-quality sublimation Thermal LCD Memory 32MB, 1MB Quality seconds CR-80 edge-to-edge 3.375"(L) 2.125"(W) CR-80 edge-to-edge 3.375"(L) 2.125"(W) Specification Thickness to to thickness) capacity thickness) Software XP Interface USB USB IBM-PC or 2000/XP, with MB of RAM or higher, 100MB free or higher. NO YES Ribbon VAC to C to Encoding Cleaning Card Cleaning Card Cleaning *Please the or the Customer the or the Customer the or the Customer ase the or the Customer Service further further further further nformation. nformation. nformation. YMCKO YMCO ISO Encoding high- and low-coercively, Tracks and Card Encoding Card Encoding YMCKO YMCO www.hi-ti.com
these instructions these instructions reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the the and the to operation of the and to from overheating, these or covered. the or other should the These products should or or heat or built-in would 5.This should operated with the type of indicated the If about the or the 6.If with this that the rating of the the the rating of the cord. Also, that the rating of products the outlet the to service this yourself, as or covers to or other servicing to service Instructions
C Warranty warranty year from the of purchase. The and as below: A. of Warranty warrants to the that the products specified free from of and workmanship the specified which the of purchase the customer. The of of purchase. software products, warranty to to instructions. warrant that the of or free. The other concerned with warranties of software. Please to the of the the installation. warranty covers those which as of of the and apply to or or Software, interfacing, ribbons, cards, or other or software or Their warranties and services should the the specifications. the services. products, the of or cards. its and charges to service the the of If the warranty Notice of software, or which covered warranty, the If the warranty of which covered warranty, or the If to or as which covered warranty, within reasonable of the the purchase the
B. of Warranty To the neither its third other warranty or of whether or implied, with to the products, and specifically the or of merchantability, satisfactory and C. of To the allowed the this Warranty the customer's and To the allowed the obligations specifically forth this warranty or its third indirect, or whether based tort, or other theory and whether of the of such D. To the that this Warranty with this Warranty to with such such and of this Warranty apply to the
FCC Information The Interference includes the following This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instruction, interference to there that interference installation. If these interference to or reception, which interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. of these products through as they or that fire or shock. of the the from that to which the connected. The users should or this without written from this authority to this FCC
www.hi-ti.com
www.hi-ti.com
CE Information www.hi-ti.com
If function normally, please to the following please try the following: You the You the troubleshooting the You If the procedures please section. The firmware and software Information 3F, City, County Building C, Road, PRC America (America), Inc. S. CA U.S.A. United (UK) Unit Brick MK11 3JB, United Customer Service Information www.hi-ti.com
B.V. ESP AC, The office) 30A, City143910, Federation TEL East North Africa East) Office P.O TEL: FAX: New Office New TEL: FAX: www.hi-ti.com
If to purchase or Please or service. 3F, City, County Building C, Road, PRC America (America), Inc. S. CA U.S.A. United (UK) Unit Brick Keynes, MK11 3JB, United B.V. ESP AC, The office) 30A, City143910, Federation Information www.hi-ti.com
East North Africa East) Office P.O Dubai-United TEL: FAX: New Office New TEL: FAX: www.hi-ti.com