Introduction to Bluetooth Operations Remote Devices Operations Services Services Operations........................................................................ Operations Bluetooth USB CF Bluetooth Card.................................................................... Search Other Bluetooth Devices.................................................. the Service................................................................................ Initiate the Bluetooth Security..................................................................................... Bluetooth Profiles............................................................................................11 FAX........................................................................................................13 Interface LAN Access..............................................................................................16 Synchronization Service
Security Devices Security Services Security and Technical (SOS) Technical Warranty Software Warranty Copyright Notice..............................................................................................40 Compliance....................................................................................41
Introduction Introduction to Windows-based software created IVT Corporation that allows Bluetooth or to wirelessly to other Bluetooth allows Microsoft users to wirelessly of Bluetooth such as and GPS receivers. You and with other Bluetooth or PDAs. Platforms and XP. Bluetooth Functions to and services Bluetooth wireless the Bluetooth as as the and the other the Bluetooth often and the following Bluetooth functions (Profiles) the following Bluetooth Functions (Profiles) AV Headphone* Profile Interface LAN Synchronization or AV Headphone there
Introduction information about the (including as as information about the Service and please to Chapter with the the to operations. The displays the as as the distinguish of At the top of the Service Double-clicking search and its services as highlighted Service Operations the to the Bluetooth and Click the to or searching Bluetooth Right-click the to of related operations Services, Security,
Introduction Devices White The of the YellowSelected. You selected the Connected. The connected to Remote Operations to select. Double-click to search the services the Right-click to of related operations Refresh Devices, Devices, Services White The The service the selected Connected. The service active with the Services Operations the service to the of the service. the service to Right-click the service to of related operations.
Operations Operations IMPORTANT! If or XP software previously completely If the located the CD. It artifacts which with functionality. Bluetooth USB IMPORTANT! the software BEFORE the Bluetooth USB USB the software the CD of or to the CD Double-click SETUP.EXE. The Choose appear Choose the English, clicking the OK Choose NOTE: the English of software supported. Follow the to the software. prompted when software the USB the USB of The New
Operations New the CD and follow the to the USB CF Bluetooth Card IMPORTANT! the CF Bluetooth BEFORE the software! the software the CD of the CF the CF or PC Card of If the CF previously the New Found follow the to the CF With the CF Bluetooth Card and the or to the CD Double-click SETUP.EXE. The Choose appear Choose the English, clicking the OK
Operations Choose NOTE: the English of software supported. Follow the to the software. prompted when software You the CF Bluetooth Card AFTER If the CF the New the CD and follow the to the CF the New completed, the CF of the and to To the or to IVT NOTE: each insertion or of the USB or CF Alternatively, the USB or CF The first the to Bluetooth appear. Assign and type which to other Bluetooth should the security checked. Click OK
Operations to Bluetooth Search Other Bluetooth Devices first other Bluetooth Initiate Search that the Bluetooth to to turned and If necessary, to the service to the to the instructions. If already, to assign the Bluetooth to the instructions. the the to the search. Alternatively, or Refresh or F5 seconds, appear around the each Bluetooth within the NOTE: The If than the or the right of the to the To the or type, Devices
Operations seconds reports the of each If the listed, that the turned and and searching You options another search: If another search double-clicking the or clicking Bluetooth or Refresh Devices then the of previously cleared. If search F5 then the of cleared. NOTE: These instructions type of Bluetooth to the instructions Chapter Bluetooth Profiles the type of service to Normally, initiated from the On the the service; the initiate the the Service If to as Bluetooth first the service(s) Access the Service Click Service If the service highlighted the service already started. If the white, then to the service to right-click the the Service The should highlighted which COM assigned to them. NOTE: appear Bluetooth which the the chart Chapter Bluetooth Functions COM appear. the service ready to initiate the from the instructions, to the the Initiate the If would to as Bluetooth that the service the to the service and to instructions, to the to the Click
Operations Double-click the the to to. to search information about which services the the search, highlighted (yellow) the top of the services that the that the service to supported. Right-click the the then the service. the the security of each to the each to the appear to Click or If connecting to phone to the to and the connected, the the and appear the and the the from the to the appear to the The the to active NOTE: appear to the of that paired with which services appear, and/or to COM to the instructions Chapter Bluetooth Profiles service. the should ready to To the right-click the connected the NOTE: You this acting as If acting as then clicking Service then right-clicking the service the Stop Service Alternatively, from the Bluetooth Security To security Bluetooth Security offers three security (Security Non-secure): security
Operations (Security Service security): Authentication or Authorization when service other Bluetooth If connecting the first or trusted relationship, then the both to the Authentication. This allows to assign rights each service the High (Security security): If of Authentication whenever initiated Bluetooth The both to Authentication. NOTE: Security the each authenticated to
Bluetooth Profiles Bluetooth Profiles The Profile (BIP) to from Bluetooth or other It of shooting, and other Typical to from to to the following the Chapter Bluetooth appear Click the to the The transmitted to and displayed. Assign the directory where to from the Click Services Click the the the directory field, to the location. Click OK the BIP service following the Chapter BIP Bluetooth
Bluetooth Profiles from the instructions, to the the The Bluetooth (DUN) Profile users to wirelessly to the through Bluetooth or phone that the DUN Typical to the Bluetooth to the Bluetooth to the Bluetooth to the Service following the instructions Chapter The appear the and the then the NOTE: Shortcuts to shortcut. This allow to and clicking the shortcut, without to manually NOTE: The with GPRS and service the United States. If necessary, the Service (ISP).
Bluetooth Profiles to the Bluetooth to the Service following the instructions Chapter The appear. the and the then the or other that FAX The Bluetooth Profile to from Bluetooth or Typical Bluetooth Bluetooth Bluetooth to the service following the Chapter software to the Bluetooth to the service as Chapter software. software the Bluetooth (NOT the Bluetooth to softwares user instructions. software to the NOTE: The NOT with You to the Service (ISP).
Bluetooth Profiles The Profile (FTP) to and/or Bluetooth PDAs, Typical to Bluetooth phone and or to/from the with other Bluetooth Access shared another Bluetooth to to the FTP service following the instructions Chapter The shown or with other Bluetooth Select the would to and the Click Services Click the the FTP service following the instructions Chapter initiate the from the instructions, to the the the to to the Bluetooth Service Authorization appear. Click connecting, the and/or the allowed. instructions, to the the this to the would to and to allow others to or this Select to allow others to only and from this
Bluetooth Profiles Access Shared Another Bluetooth On the the to following the instructions Chapter the and/or to Bluetooth headset as wireless or microphone. The Profile as input/output: Typical to the Bluetooth or chat using You to headset to NOTE: connected the first to the users to Bluetooth HID Devices such as or to The Bluetooth Interface (HID) Profile Typical Bluetooth and to the instructions, to the the NOTE: If the to the service. the FTP service and initiate the Remote Shared appear, ote the to following the Chapter the and the or Bluetooth
Profiles the Bluetooth to following the instructions Chapter following the instructions Chapter the or to the Found New NOTE: the first of the DO NOT INSERT ANY CD and Next Follow the the If the reappears, the You should to the or with The Bluetooth mouse/keyboard to establish the LAN Access The Bluetooth LAN Access tooth LAN (LAP) allows to Network (LAN) Typical Access Network Bluetooth LAN as LAN Access LAN Bluetooth Access (AP) to the LAN LAP service following the user and necessary. Click NCED USERS ONLY) the Bluetooth LAN Access service following (alternatively, DHCP to the assign IP the Bluetooth to to to the to first the instructions Chapter the Bluetooth LA as LAN Access (ADVA instructions Chapter Specify IP LAP the Network right-click Incoming then
Bluetooth Profiles Network Select Incoming (TCP/IP) and the Incoming Select Specify TCP/IP and the of IP assigned to LAP
Bluetooth Profiles The Bluetooth Profile (OPP) users to and Information (PIM) (including items, and business cards) to and from Bluetooth PDA or The items Notes Typical to Bluetooth phone or PDA from Bluetooth phone or PDA NOTE: If would to PIM to PDA, that the PDA ready to PIM If necessary, the PDA. instructions, the user to Bluetooth There to Incoming TCP/IP
Bluetooth Profiles From the phone or PDA to service information. The Service should highlighted the top of the Right the Service and the Card From Microsoft from Bluetooth the the From the Services Click the the service following the instructions Chapter initiate the service Card: business Card: the business (PIM or and them to the cards: and the to their business cards. Select the would to the the or The Bluetooth Neighbors appear. the the phone or PDA to the to. Click the
Bluetooth Profiles from the instructions, to NOTE: Bluetooth (with and with The to from other The to from business clicking Services the Card field, to as business The Bluetooth (PAN) Profile and other Bluetooth to of of PAN Network (GN) which functions as isolated PAN together GN Alternatively, PAN of to Network (NAP) which to Network (LAN) three of these GN PANU and NAP. Typical Network One acts as the GN, and others function as PANU These each other or based TCP/IP. Network that ready to
Bluetooth Profiles Access LAN Network Access (or Acting as NAP): the to the NAP, they become of the LAN and directly with other the LAN. Access LAN PAN-NAP Access LAN PAN-NAP Connecting the PAN (PANU) to the Network service following the instructions Chapter seconds to and IP the NAP/GN Click Service and the Network Ad-hoc Network: Select Bluetooth Network and DHCP DHCP the GN. The PANU IP from this DHCP the PANU IP the Bluetooth Network
Bluetooth Profiles Access LAN PAN-NAP: Access the NAP: Bluetooth PAN Select Access LAN Network and physical through which the NAP to LAN as the LAN Accessing LAN Network PAN-NAP Select Access and physical through which the NAP to as the WAN It NAT (Network Translation, please to function and DHCP
Bluetooth Profiles The Bluetooth Profile (SPP) PDAs, GPS receivers, and other Bluetooth with them to with each other wirelessly Bluetooth instead of with four Bluetooth outgoing and Bluetooth incoming Typical to other Bluetooth the to PDA to the service, following the instructions Chapter ActiveSync or other that NOTE: The BT Network the PANU to IP automatically. The IP the of such as Accessing the NAP
Bluetooth Profiles NOTE: Auto-Connection Function Once assigned to COM5), to the whenever that Similarly, whenever the Bluetooth the To which assigned to which COM only allow to of COM numbers. If the allow to COM assigned to with Synchronization The Bluetooth Synchronization (SYNC) Profile users to PIM their with that of other Bluetooth as as Bluetooth PDAs, and other of Notes Supported MS (XP) and Typical with Bluetooth phone to the Synchronization service, following the instructions Chapter synchronization appear Click the to and MS with those the
Bluetooth Profiles NOTE: synchronization from MS the Bluetooth and buttons with as synchronization Click Services Click the Information Synchronization and the type of PIM that to Bluetooth Synchronization
The displays the and the Connecting and operations conducted indicated the and connected with the To to the switching Bluetooth Bluetooth The Bluetooth known as the that Operations the to the Bluetooth and Click the to or searching Bluetooth Right-click the to of related operations Services, Security, Remote Bluetooth Remote other Bluetooth that the of to indicated of PDA Microphone LAN Access
Unknown Remote of three which with White The of the Selected. You selected the Connected. The connected to Operations Single-click the to select. Double-click the to search the services the Right-click the to of related operations Refresh Devices, Devices, Bluetooth Service of Remote Service the top of the of Bluetooth services Devices. PAN SPP FTP OPP HID BIP DUN LAP SYNC HCRP FAX AV
There the service indicated White The The Bluetooth service the selected Connected. The Bluetooth service active with the Operations the service to the of the service. Single-click the service to Right-click the service to of related operations. Service The Service displays the Bluetooth services, the Bluetooth services the Service to and services, as as to service To the Service Service Service The Service displays of the Bluetooth services the this to services. Services Services PAN OPP SYNC AV AG There the Bluetooth services, indicated White The service started. Started. The Bluetooth service started. Connected. connected to the service. SPP FTP LAP BIP
Operations the to the service. Double-click the to service. Right-click to of related operations. the following Bluetooth Services the when the Top the top. You right-clicking the the of the the Service the Service Devices or Refresh Devices Refresh the of NOTE: If Refresh Devices, the of cleared. To initiate search that first clear the F5 Bluetooth Bluetooth search other Bluetooth Bluetooth Service Browsing the services of the selected Security the security of the the of the accessibility,
Services Service the selected Bluetooth service. Stop Service the selected Bluetooth service. the of the selected Bluetooth service. the of the Bluetooth services shared locations, Bluetooth Shortcuts Bluetooth Shortcuts the selected shortcut. the selected shortcut. to of search Bluetooth Address: Bluetooth and the The with the specified appear highlighted the the the of the and the The with the specified appear highlighted the New its Bluetooth From History from the history the selected clear the selected from the history to with Bluetooth whenever the specified Assign: assign to the selected the Auto-Connection assignment the selected HID Interface from the selected HID first the HID to the that they the HID to Bluetooth advanced recommended advanced only. Please to and About information about of
the following of Bluetooth USB and CF To the Bluetooth Bluetooth the type of Bluetooth to USB or CompactFlash (CF) Advanced the Advanced selected CF the Bluetooth the Advanced to including COM Parity, Stop and Flow To the of Bluetooth Properties the which shown to other Bluetooth the type of or the of the Every Bluetooth Accessibility Connecting other Bluetooth to with other Bluetooth from with Discovery Discoverable: other Bluetooth to Discoverable: other Bluetooth to with Inquiry. Non-Discoverable: other Bluetooth from
allow other Bluetooth to with If the other initiates with each the they paired. Not initiated other Bluetooth information about Bluetooth The of the Bluetooth HCI The HCI of the Bluetooth HCI Edition: The HCI of the Bluetooth LMP The LMP of the Bluetooth LMP Subversion: The LMP subversion of the Bluetooth Security the Security to specify the security of Devices Once with further and the to with Another Automatically If the paired the first they and with the the to Manually the right the and the the Bluetooth the that the with the to How to with Another the right-click the and the The to the
Security To the security Bluetooth Security Security checked, other to freely without the to then both to the service security. You assign the of each service. Chapter Services Security High checked, exchanged incoming and outgoing the already the Bluetooth this to This the of manually creating whenever required. Encryption Encryption: the encrypted. To the security Bluetooth Security and the Devices Paired this which already with the to the relationship the selected and the Authorization to the Bluetooth services that to allow the selected paired to of services appear. Select the services and then OK NOTE: The the services that authentication. The services that authentication freely. The Authorization when the Security to Services Security To the services security Bluetooth Security and the Services You security services when the Security to the Security the Security Services Authentication whenever to with this service. Encryption checked, this service encrypted. Authorization to the to allow to the selected service.
Service Authorization the Service Authorization the following Devices to this to the selected service freely the service from when trusted. Click to the from Prompt the trusted this service non-trusted to the service, appear to allow to or the from using the service trusted the service non-trusted to the service, the rejected without informing the NOTE: trusted service, to this service without informing
and and About Bluetooth and Health Bluetooth wireless allows to short-range to of such as computers, LAN and other or These the that traditionally connected these Bluetooth products and receivers. normally of This of The from Bluetooth products below recommended At typical Bluetooth reach of the Product to or humidity. to high or to candles, throw or to the as rough treatment as the and to warranty the warranty. The serviceable Should USB or CompactFlash service, please technical Treat with and or of this the authority to the shield around or it reduce the efficiency. performance, please that there surrounding or RF such as with vehicle to that or the
and Aircraft Turn off aircraft. To interference with or while the the the ground without from the USB Adapter/CompactFlash and receiver. operation, with Bluetooth or other and (RF) the to The of the The USB Adapter/CompactFlash to with the RF authorities and international health when or from other or of RF and ICNIRP, to and to International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP), Health Physics, 99/519/EC, EU Council the of to the to Journal of the July ANSI/IEEE C95.1-1992, with to to to The of and Inc., New FCC and ET FCC Commission (FCC), Radiation Australian Authority (ACA),
Technical Technical If or the USB or with Bluetooth technical (SOS) the turnaround and the to technical interactive, this technical to the To Support, please www.socketcom.com/support and the SOS If SOS the to to technical the interactive reference. To to and information. IMPORTANT! To technical first www.socketcom.com/prodreg Once technical through the with option to Click this option to follow the to technical If to technical to Please from the USB or CompactFlash of these the warranty
Warranty Warranty Incorporated warrants the and workmanship, and service, the following from the of purchase: Three years covered warranty. the warranty its option, or the charge when furnished with of purchase, that the to or to authorized Service The authorization (RMA) issued or Authorized Service If the the or and the charges to charges back to location the United States. This warranty only to the purchaser and its option, or the with or and the becomes property. warrants the repaired or products to from or workmanship the or the of the warranty whichever This warranty cover the of products or as of service or other than SOCKET IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY. THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. allow of or the or of or that the or apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to This tested, warranted as warranty information,
Software Warranty Software Warranty LIMITED WARRANTY. SOCKET warrants that the or CD ROM free from from the of of the SOFTWARE. CUSTOMER REMEDIES. SOCKETS and SOCKETS option, of the or of the SOFTWARE which SOCKETS Warranty and which to SOCKET with of SOFTWARE warranted the of the warranty or whichever THESE REMEDIES ARE NOT AVAILABLE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. NO OTHER WARRANTIES. SOCKET other or implied, including to of merchantability and with to the SOFTWARE and the accompanying written This warranty rights. You others which from to NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. SOCKET or its whatsoever (including, without of business profits, business of business information, or other of the of or to the SOFTWARE, SOCKET of the of such allow the or of or the apply to EXPORT LAW ASSURANCES. You or otherwise or the SOFTWARE as authorized United States and of the which the SOFTWARE obtained. without of the SOFTWARE or otherwise or (or to or of) United States country or to the U.S. Treasury of Specially Nationals or the U.S. of Table of using the SOFTWARE, and warrant that located of, or or of such country or such GOVERNMENT END USERS. If the SOFTWARE to the U. S. the SOFTWARE classified as restricted software as of the FAR. The U. S. Governments rights to the SOFTWARE as of the FAR. CONTROLLING LAW AND SEVERABILITY. This the of the United States and the State of California. If reason of or thereof, to the of this force and
Copyright Notice Copyright Notice November Copyright Inc. rights the and of Inc. with Bluetooth Wireless of Inc. of IVT Corporation. The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and of such Inc. other and of their respective The with Bluetooth Wireless includes United States and Reproduction of the of this without the of prohibited. Please that the products this without free to SOCKET COMMUNICATIONS Inc. CA Other than the responsibility from the of information this that from of the USB or with Bluetooth that this that from the of the the warranty. You track releases, software and technical www.socketcom.com.
The Bluetooth USB and with Bluetooth Wireless to with the and regulations locations where they and as required. These products type to or authorization The products as conforming to Therefore, the following actions or of this of the back of the The these products and such as as as wireless motion such as those or of these wireless other wireless below). and shielded from RF Please that to this this type of RF the that there interference this and other wireless the location of operation or operating the If other interference or related technical Interference This with of the FCC and Industry RSS to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This ETS EN300 ETS EN301 and ETS EN301 These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his or
This and To comply with FCC RF the following and operating satisfied: to or the and to the prohibited. This and its or operated with other or To comply with Industry RF the following and operating satisfied: The of this that the located or pointed such that RF field of Health the from Health www.hc-sc.gc.ca/ehp/ehd/catalogue/rpb.htm If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to the interference or of the following or the receiving of the or Increase the the and the receiver. the to branch than that of the receiver. the or technician The the following helpful: to and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, D.C. The of IC: 2529A-USB1 the CompactFlash 2529A-USB1 the and the IC the that Industry technical Interference This Class the of the Interference-Causing Regulations. NOTE: To comply with FCC and Industry this operations hand when there of or the and the CE Union Products within the Union with which to Directives and (EN), as follows. to these Directives or included: (EN), as follows: Applicable Directives: and Telecommunications Directive 1999/5/EC Directive 73/23/EEC
Applicable EN and of of Interference Characteristics of Information EN Immunity Light Industry. IEC and IEC and Radiated IEC and EN of Information Including
Printed U.S.A. Inc. November