Bluetooth MODEL:HB600
Table of Thank You the HB600 What Specifications charging GETTING STARTEd with to Sound and Waiting and Waiting Function From The To What the Lights Mean Factory of Thank Thank purchasing the HB600 Bluetooth hope This instruction and ready to the of WARNING! of sounds and high pitched tones. to such sounds hearing The based such as the phone its reception and and the Please the below to using this to using this follow these the speakerphone, the to its the speakerphone and then the to the of this the the lowest and the speakerphone where to the If increased necessary, the slowly; and
or ears, immediately the speakerphone and physician. With high ears become tomed to the sound which to hearing without noticeable Several shown that while to the which increase the of This the of shown to than with to the while and to or off the and or when weather, high of children the or REMEMBER; DRIVING COMES FIRST, NOT THE CALL! Please the where the of while It the owners to this with the of the where WARNING! of reach of The the and its wrapped toys The them or the they WARNING! of atmospheres: the where there of of
Introducing the HB600 Microphone Light charging (MFB) turned off and to Press seconds to lights flash Press and seconds to off light and then off) What HB600 this Specifications to hours to hours Rechargeable battery, with charging option from supply and to and hands-free Bluetooth Bluetooth
Charging that HB600 first charging hours). the to from or charge directly from the charging to the the while charging the off. off the turned connected to Bluetooth the matically off. GETTING STARTED The HB600 easy to Turning On and To and the MFB seconds. Release the when hear the light and the turned To off and the MFB seconds. Release the when hear the light and the turned off. with or Other HB600, to with that the HB600 turned off Press and the MFB and alternatively. Bluetooth function of the phone to search Bluetooth (please to the Bluetooth phone to the HB600 Follow instruction This to or Bluetooth phone and selecting the option to or Bluetooth phone the HB600
then to with or OK the and with the or PIN when of to If the completed within the activated, the speakerphone off automatically. Please to the speakerphone and to Press the MFB to Press the MFB to active from the to phone to If allow this the MFB to the to the Press the MFB seconds when the to phone the who to or hear Press the MFB once. the and then nounce the to the through Please user information about this Press the MFB when the turned and Sound and repeatedly the or to the Waiting and This and Press the MFB to the active and the Press the MFB to switch the the MFB to the active Waiting Press the MFB seconds to the Function the to the microphone. To the microphone, the button.
from to Press the and buttons together. The to the to the back to the the and buttons together Functions with phone these features. further information. What the light connected to charger NOT connected to charger What What this about charging off charging completed and alternatively. once every seconds seconds Bluetooth connected to once every seconds once seconds steady or off
Troubleshooting hear crackling the that the within from the hear Increase the the that the paired with the that the connected to the from the Bluetooth though otherwise You Follow the instructions Factory to factory and paired from the while the and together seconds, the pressing seconds, the off automatically, the and the to its Notice: If the speakerphone connected with to to of the HB600 with the off and protected. including sunlight or below This and operation. High performance. the HB600 to or other The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and of such Other and those of their owners. Bluetooth that such as and without wires or cords information www.bluetooth.com. Bluetooth the that Bluetooth with other Bluetooth headset the or both. to
phone features within the software. and encrypted Bluetooth and them with each other. Bluetooth the paired successfully. or PIN that to with HB600. This and the HB600 each other and together. of the to and regulations or