struction with Function EP-A7000 purchasing This only. other than Please this instruction to of the this reference easily the P.E-4 E-6 to T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM of and Precautions Preparations Remote Water Remote Starting Operation Selecting Operation Switching Rate the Memory Function Detection Memory Function Humidity Detection Cleaning and Cleaning the Clean On Water Water the Troubleshooting cations E-2 E-4 E-7 E-8 E-8 E-9 E-9 E-10 E-10 E-10 E-11 E-12 E-13 E-13 E-14 E-14 E-14 E-14 E-14 E-15 E-15 E-16 E-17 E-17 E-17 E-18 E-18 E-19 E-20 E-20 E-21 E-22 E-23 E-23 E-24 E-25 E-25 E-28 E-28
of this to the back of the assembly HEPA this to the front of the section P.E-3 Remote Housed the to this from operating the E-2 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM P.E-15 of the the such as house P.E-14 the (around the the front Accessories P.E-15 humidity. Remote AAA R03 Water Remote Water
and P.E-OO shows with further P.E-11 Humidity P.E-10, Indicates the operation. High P.E-12 Indicates operation. (Indicator: Indicates operation active. switched using the the the selected indicated. or the the the when The when the to the receiver. On/Off P.E-10 Press this to or operation. P.E-17 Press this to or operation. P.E-13 Press this to operation. The where lighting or lighting used, or when the exposed to sunlight. T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM and Remote If the straight to the front of the the reduced. the from the front of the whenever the operation Clean P.E-18 the to clean the Red) On/Off P.E-14 this to or tion and to switch the P.E-14 of the and shown the Remote P.E-13 The when 4-hour (Indicator: P.E-12 Press this to switch P.E-11 Press this to switch operation P.E-13 Press this to Off-timer. P.E-16 Press this to switch of and E-3
Precautions Please the following the To to the user or other people and property the following instructions followed. Also the appearing the text to Definition of each Incorrect to instruction or The seriousness the following indications. WARNING CAUTION To Shock and AC and Cord cleaning and other to the from AC and or with Otherwise, shock or to the the cord, when from AC It shock or short-circuit, to the from AC outlet when leaving of the and shock, or Securely the AC shock, and ignition. of the using cloth. burnt the and the cord. It shock or to ground or short-circuit. If the supply the its service or to with other than 220-240V AC. or shock. the cord. forcibly or heavy or or shock. or or shock, short-circuit or ignition. E-4 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM This the of death or serious This the of or to property. WARNING of Indicates warning or Indicates Indicates Clean 220-240V
Water Water and the without of the and or (neither when cleaning the or of and or shock, or the holding its the or other the such as swallowing of such as bathroom. It shock or such as heater. It or deformation. where of such as the It crack or as of It where or chemicals used. It or the where such as and that such as and or thinner when or such as It crack, shock, catching of and or It Securely the when carrying or to the becomes or anything such as or noticed, immediately the to and and It shock or to ground or short-circuit. heating with The to children or with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction. Children should to that they with the to or yourself. It shock or or other outlet and It or or splash the directly the It shock or short-circuit. or the weight the or It of the and or or anywhere child. It of the and injury. T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM WARNING Water E-5
(Continued) Securely the when carrying or or the and and securely. or of pinched. properly reading the them. the and the to the instructions the section of this without cleaning allow of or bacteria to and they health to those who hyperactive. such please fresh deformation or of or to of or through or the or chemicals the or the and It health threat. the with its closed. of the to and or to or the Other To Scratches or Wall Cleaning of cleaning, cloth the and the and scratches the the to scratch the with of the E-6 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM CAUTION the when type such chemicals to the and to operation, which to heath. using the the allow to Water causing of shock and Whenever of anticipated, the and the It shock. the from AC outlet and the with its It or If the with of the and the to when operated. the and and them the carrying. or the when It or or the securely when with the It to the the that such as cloth-covered white The the surrounding and
or or The or or If the the and the the the to scratches or thick It or with cleaning without without or the receiver, or or to reduce its their where the from the directly or or of or closed occasionally. The The T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM directly and them. the and the or Acts of the or the or the operation. the operating the to the and possibly the to sunlight. Direct sunlight deformation, or malfunction. to the or and Doing to Water from the to the from the to the or Broadcast the or from such E-7
Preparations cloth or the beneath the to the scratch. cleaning the with It of malfunction. or the CAUTION the when the the the both and then slightly upward, and the the (There and the from the the of the the the that its the front (white the back). the the the to the from the front with cloth or should the as the the the the the the the the the the top of the the the Gently of the clicks to securely. the E-8 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM the of the locations). to the The back (White) front White (Black
the and the cover. cover. Water and Gently the the and fresh of While the of the and the the Press the of the and that back Tighten the firmly, off and that there off the The P.E-28 (If to please purchase the that the and cover and then the the the holding its Instead, the with both and while the the off carrying. CAUTION The from the operation. Water the while upward. the without the the the to scratch the with of the the with its closed. of the to and or to or CAUTION function when the and with If humidification, the without the and T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Remote the AAA R03 with the as instructed. Since the when shipped from the factory, their shorter than brand-new of batteries, the or them. cover Water that the with the the to the water-filled with both Press the securely clicks. the to or the CAUTION from the cloth the the the Doing Tighten Preparations E-9
the and to cooling or heating and well-ventilated the least from the both with surrounding and the become dirty. the or WARNING Falling or of the or the Remote to the the the operation the the please to E-14. Section Securely the AC Press and the Pressing operation the operation. E-10 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Starting the first the the and memory. the the and You the operation than this the and to the to and the of and humidity. The If On/Off the cord, off the and (Remote this
The factory From the the memory function the operation with Stand-by as the AC 4W the used. the when the of operation choice. every the operation. the operation the P.E-17 operation purifying function every switching of to Operation and Selection Selection This The and the of and switched automatically. operation, from to High. This recommended when about The operates while the and the the the operation, to Med. This when about The and the of and switches to the operation with higher than operation, from to the first operation of the of to operation, from to High. to operation, from to High. operation, from the slightly the the T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Selecting Operation Press switches this Selected operation On Operation switches every The to switching the operation P.E-14 Remote E-11
Remote (Continued) the following to the selected operation The from to or higher or higher According to the of and the and switched to as the and with function of and If function, the and You from the four E-12 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Switching Rate Press switches every this High High High High the following On High
This useful when people or when cleaning of It about seconds the flow reaches T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Press The operation with about operation, the resumed. Press Off-timer hours) hours The Press The Every to or operation. On to and Remote E-13
the Memory Function Detection the operation and then the the shutdown. If the seconds or the memory. (If the within than seconds, the memory.) the cord, the operation memory. the to of the shown the the activated. action Clean You the as P.E-16 the where to or the clean, the action P.E-25 The such as or of when the clean, the the operation the the of the following the Combustion from heating of or or aesthetic E-14 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Memory Function Press Every the operation switches the following that choose or The to switching the operation Clean
of the the such as house to the when or the which cantly than such the appear to lower. the cleaning every months. performance of the P.E-22 The the of operation. should as only. The from reading. as and The operation detecting with and with Humidity the the the and memory. the the and both the and off and the ready to You the operation than the cord. this the and to meaning the the If the the reduced. such High or operation. to the the cord. If the this, the T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Humidity Detection the Memory Function Detection E-15
Memory Function Detection (Continued) fashion. The factory E-16 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM each the of or the The seconds. While the shown the that seconds. Every the the switches. (High)
the the when the the to money electricity. Furthermore, this than hours, the operation. operations, the Normal operation the clean, the continuously operates the the to the and or the about and the operates about If this than hours, the operation. The of the and operation. If the or the switches to the of the becomes and the or the operation. the together with the with function Pressing the the front of the with function whose release switched the and releases Furthermore, the the of the with the function and releases operation. If about lightings when to the seconds or to the T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Press The to operation. Stop operation Stop Every and The Press seconds or The to Every and The memory. On to Memory Function Detection E-17
Cleaning cleaning, to and the from AC splash the Water splash of such as thinner, or polishing or (neither chemicals or of or the WARNING chemically treated cloth, follow its instructions. or heater to the Heating deformation, or of cloth or the beneath the to the scratch. CAUTION the Clean clean the and cover. The Clean month hours) the of or the finishing previous cleaning. the used, If the heavy, the than once month the Clean with cleaning, the The Clean off. the Clean On the and then the the or the scratched with of the cloth or the beneath the to the CAUTION Clean the and cover. the or gather other of the to with the pulled the to the cover and off or the the the cover. the with of the operation. the and then mount the the AC outlet and the located the Press the located the the of or the that the Clean OFF. Mount the the E-18 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM P. E- Water the while the from the the P.E- Water P. E- E- P.E- Clean (Red)
with fresh the of the and to and the WARNING cleaning. the the Doing to the the without the the the from the CAUTION cleaning: Once month) The this of type that through the or to the when the or or used, to the Although the and processing, or or to red, or within of the of and performance.) It recommended to the as often as of whether the Clean or Early of the recommended of the following cleaning. too to or If the or the and of or the and its the of or with or the and its follow the instructions the lightly to off the whitish or brownish of the or to the Water the of that evaporated. If to the without cleaning the and to performance. the of used, quickly. such the cleaning should the as assembled with its the (Removing the or the with or forcibly to (It and of performance.) New the This the early the with the and performance. the containing too It CAUTION T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Water cleaning: the and the the the that Cleaning E-19
Cleaning (Continued) The months of as (cleaning once every month). Early of the recommended of the following cleaning. too to or the of used, the early. the and the of the To the the the EP-DX40E-908 The of the to Water cleaning: Once month) the cover. with to the cover from the off and the cover to the (neither WARNING mount the the the should empty. CAUTION E-20 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM cover Water the try. or tooth to the Water
To the follow the below. the and then the (This to CAUTION the the the four of the Clean the or the to If the off with the and then well-ventilated exposed to sunlight. toothbrush or the If to the cleaner. The the the four securely the the and the the the and then mount the The to replaced, purchase the EP-DV1000-002). T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM cleaning: Once month) the from the cloth the P.E-8 P.E-8 insertion section cleaning shelves P.E-9 P.E-9 Cleaning E-21
Cleaning (Continued) off the cloth that with and heavy cloth with thinned with cloth to off that To the receiver, thin slightly with to off that, to the the of the section and cleaning shelves. Then off with cloth. cleaning shelves Carry the cleaning months. performance of the the cover. the with CAUTION the forcibly. It and the of the cover forcibly. It E-22 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM cleaning: Once month) (Cleaning every months) section Humidity Remote with and off heavy with cleaning the the cover. Remote
The The of the about years and that of the about years. Testing conducted to JEM1467 of the Industry Association. If Years the that of when the Years the reduced when the The should early its shows the to the the attached to the The the shown as only. the of installation, of from the shown this with with the years as the earlier the performance The to earlier the of and of or becomes to the earlier than the The should earlier the following or when the of building house built or the house stores, such as coffee shops, or offices or amounts of combustion heating of where the heavy. to the of the when malfunction rough crush, or the Once the the cleaning the The Purchase The plastics of the follow regulations T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM the early its becomes to Cleaning E-23
(Continued) the the optional EP-A6000-902 and EP-A6000-903 the CAUTION Other the to the and the from AC the and then the (This should to CAUTION the and the the the and then the of its and the the that its the front (white the back). the the the to the of its the front with cloth or should the as of its and the P.E-8 the the the the the the P.E-8 the and then mount the P.E-9 cleaning the with It of malfunction. E-24 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM the the from the cloth the P.E-8 CAUTION P.E-8 front P.E-9 The back (White) White (Black
rotation. Stop the operation, the from AC and service. Troubleshooting the following once Symptom Securely the AC or turn or efficiently or there operation Press the and switched? or other though the the high? clean increase though the constantly T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Symptom to securely AC Switch switched off? the the dirty? the with of correct? the dirty? the operation the when Press the and switched? or other Clean the or other the the when the AC the the of reach of or Clean the or other the covered with Clean the Clean the P. E- or other Clean the to the the to the The to the of and of the Clean the receiver. the and the AC when clean. P. E- P. E- P. E- P. E- P. E- P. E- ,E- P. E- P. E- -E- P. E- P. E- P. E- P. E- Troubleshooting E-25
Troubleshooting (Continued) Symptom to performance when operated the operated or Water the activated? The Clean off E-26 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM there anything that the might combustion Clean the or other there the the with P. E- the of the or the dirty? the to the or the dirty? the properly, or there the and then and the with the the properly. the properly? the closed firmly, or the securely? the cover properly? the securely? the or with the there the or there from the the cleaning? invisible that cleaned and operation. the the operation to the or Clean or the to the the of and of consumed. the to and the to High or Clean the to P.E-21 the properly. If or the firmly. the cover properly. the securely. the carrying the with the Stop the immediately and Stop the and Press the P. E- P. E- P. E- P. E- P.E-11,E-12 P.E-18-E-20 P.E-9 P.E-9 P.E-18 P.E-17 P.E-18
Following Conditions Normal when AC caused rotation. This the operation or The when the to the This from reading There performance the This It switching sound of the This Clicking operation It caused operation. the This repeatedly turn and off another, and the stationary Pressing the operates the release of the other with function. the the the other with function operates the release of operation. selected, the The P.E-17 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM Symptom when supplied. This the that through the or This indicated as only. the indications. The the the once, seconds, and then the AC The from the the Both respond. This Troubleshooting E-27
the EP-A6000-902 when the EP-DV1000-002 when the EP-BV60-017 when Specifications EP-A7000 supply AC220-240V switching High (W) Applicable performance operation) 584(H) 430(W) 273(D) of E-28 T_S-EP-A7000.indd T_S-EP-A7000.indd PM PM the EP-A6000-903 when the EP-DX40E-908 when The included.