HP N9120
the The following topics the HP N9120 as as to or to Associate with software Scan from software to (ADF) ADF input ADF the ADF switch front buttons the
front the the front to and to the Copy the of currently HP Scan that the HP Scan Software that assigned to this or the HP where the following LED The LED information about the Press the to the when the ready to Alternatively, the software that assigned to this Alternatively, the software that assigned to this Associate the with software the the front the information about and
The of operation: the and off about of inactivity. ready to the to the On the and off about of inactivity, and ready to To switch from to On the On the of the HP Utility. To switch back to clear the On You to and from the (ADF), and of directly from the The section the following topics: the the the helpful information properly, to the following topics. to The (ADF) the following types. Width: Length: the to the
Chapter Scanning the following of might or to the To these and then the instead. that the ADF securely latched. of that of the the The of the ADF of using the decreased. the shown below, as the height of the the NOTE: the software, the to match the and of the that scanning. or creased Torn thin, that together with or Coated with or attached Overhead with such as or correction
or the that than the that the pulled the and the feed or lightweight such as A6 cards) or U.S. of least to that the ADF properly and the than or lightweight the them the that the of the input the input and then the
Chapter to the the that matches the of the that scanning. Select the that to (and beyond) the of as they of the (ADF). the of to that the together. the that the ADF and then that the the of the the of the the top. the and the
the the of the input the scanning, the with the leading the ADF. the to the of the to the which feeding, that the the of the Gently the to the the items that the specifications the (ADF) directly the NOTE: the software, choose the that matches the of the originals the ADF.
Chapter the the as indicated the reference NOTE: the software, choose the that matches the of the the How to The the of the following: Press the Scan the front to with the assigned software (and On the the software, and then the ISIS or TWAIN Select the and then initiate the TIP: To reduce that specify the of the that scanning. TIP: If or copying and the originals the (ADF), the both of the
Associate with software Scan from software Work with HP Scan Software Associate with software The includes buttons, Scan You button-aware software with each of these buttons. To with software, follow these Press the the front to the HP Utility. Click the the to the software that this to Optionally, selected the HP Scan Software, the Profile If the the HP Scan Software that choose the each that Work with HP Scan Software Scan from software You or directly software the ISIS or TWAIN Generally, the option such as Scan New or If whether the or what the option the that Scan from HP Scan Software Scan from ISIS- or software Scan from HP Scan Software Click to or to HP to HP Scan and then HP Scan Software Select and then Scan Follow the instructions to the information, the HP Scan Software NOTE: If the of that assigned to the information the HP Utility. TIP: of the selected below the and Copy Scan from software
Chapter Scan from ISIS- or software the software, and then the ISIS or TWAIN Select the that the that scanning. Carry the actions to the information, the the software. How to The copying the of the following: Press the Copy the front to the with the Click to or to HP to to N9120 and then click Copy Select the HP Copy Associate with software Scan from software the NOTE: If to the the from the HP Copy software. TIP: You HP Copy to to information, the HP TIP: If or copying and the originals the (ADF), the both of the
professionals might the following that the HP Scan Software. of these features from ISIS- or software that allows to the Work with HP Scan Software Automatically Scan from the background from the Detection Scan without and the Work with HP Scan Software HP Scan Software fast, to the and You with the buttons the front the HP Scan Software to and the HP to assign to the front You each to that to originals to searchable PDF and that to co-worker, with the to accomplish this The HP Scan Software includes To the existing HP Scan Software follow these Click to or to HP to HP Scan and then HP Scan Software the of To HP Scan Software follow these Click to or to HP to HP Scan and then HP Scan Software Click New The New Profile displayed.
Chapter the Profile type the or the Click The Profile displayed. the the information, the HP Scan Software through the (ADF) appear the the as the the ADF input The the to the this useful when of that You the of these the ADF input and with the shorter of the the top of the To rotation HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. Select and then On the of the Profile the options and ADF Direction NOTE: other software, the options rotating the of the ISIS or TWAIN Advanced Scan the (ADF) of originals to You choose to to through the ADF. To HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. and then On the of the Profile Custom the and then type the to the and Height boxes. NOTE: other software, the the of the ISIS or TWAIN Advanced NOTE: and software (including the might of the that the features TIP: You might to the based existing To the Copy from and then existing from the
from You background from the or instructions Removing from the might reduce the and character (OCR) You to (red, or or to three the closely the specified To to from HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. Select and then On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the of the specify the information about the the the scanning software that the background from the from the (ADF), choose white or background the the background with the the of the the software to distinguish the of the the background to that white To the background HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. Select and then On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the More of the from the ADF Background NOTE: HP individually of or lower. NOTE: The to and to and white apply to NOTE: To another software, to the ISIS or TWAIN Advanced On the specify the the background from the
Chapter NOTE: To the background another software, to the ISIS or TWAIN Advanced On the More from the ADF Background The of JPEG to increase the of from the to the software the The the the scanning process. The software the to JPEG and To JPEG HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. Select and then Turn On the Scan of the Profile the should On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the More of the the JPEG to the that NOTE: To specify the of JPEG another to the TWAIN or ISIS Advanced and then the JPEG to the that Detection The Detection the or that the This To the Detection HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. and then On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the More of the clear the NOTE: To the Detection another software, to the ISIS or TWAIN Advanced On the More clear the
Scan without The using the HP Scan Software to as follows: Scan the the HP Scan Software Scan and as necessary. the clicking Scanning the Scan the scanning software to the to the You that and of the this the Scan the front or Scan the HP Scan Software The and without further intervention. to automatically, the selected HP Scan Software include the following On the Profile the thumbnails when cleared. Additional the Destination such as the might the and the The includes that text and the back of that through the (ADF). that the scanned, and the when the occurred. or the the the Clean the the NOTE: If two-sided the might existing the and the
Chapter or the The HP 51604A You purchase the the ADF input clicks the slightly, and the completely to the the latch. features
If to the right to from the the from its the to the protective from the the with the and the the to the the of the ADF input and then the ADF input scanning. the history: Press the the The of the the location of the the the front to the HP Utility. Click the the Cartridge section, Record NOTE: the of the of the the ADF input the to the this the and displayed the and the
Chapter the ADF input clicks the slightly, and then the to the that the of the ADF input and then the ADF input scanning. the the to that the properly and to the of the the NOTE: To the counter from the the the location. NOTE: Several indicated the If the the the that the about from the of the You that the of the that If the the the might scanning, and the of
the input Press the the front to the HP Utility. Click the the Cartridge section, Clean the Clean the whenever the completely. Press the the front to the HP Utility. Click the the Cartridge section, Clean the the HP Scan Software. Select and then On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the of the the Text the to the back of each You the following: counter of imprinted. Include the and the Specify the the leading of the and the of the the the when the and the
and This section information about to and the and Clean the Clean the Clean the the feed and HP information cleaning of the high-quality The amount of factors, including the amount of and the You should cleaning as necessary. Routine cleaning and should include cleaning the (ADF), the and the CAUTION: items that correction or other the should curled, or together. and You purchase Items such as the the HP www.hp.com/support Select country/region, and then the and then Clean the The (ADF) the amount of and the type of that through Clean the ADF the following The ADF dirty. The ADF feeding appear the ADF. that dirty, or writing through the ADF. The and
If the ADF monthly cleaning recommended. cleaning that the Press the switch to the off and then the USB and from the the Clean the
Chapter Clean the clear the the clear with clean, lint-free cloth. the the top of the ADF to the top and ADF and
the white the ADF and the clear the ADF. both of these with clean, cloth. the ADF with clean, lint-free cloth. the to and then the ADF the USB and to the and then the switch to the Clean the Clean the the following scratches, or appear from the that or from the The dusty. Clean the
Chapter To the follow these Press the switch to the off and then the USB and from the the Clean the lint-free cloth that with cleaner. the with cloth. the USB and to the and then the switch to the NOTE: If cleaning the top of the and from the the of the Cleaning the of the that the instructions to the of the to www.hp.com/support Clean the The includes customer-accessible These and from the If the or the monthly. each follow these Press the switch to the off and then the USB and from the the cover. and CAUTION: to clean the cleaners that and of which the isopropyl the the directly the If too applied, the the and the
Clean the of the following to the off of the to the from the the with Inspect the cover. If dirty, clean, lint-free cloth to the that the and the cover completely the clean, the cover, and then the cover the the USB and to the and then the switch to the the and the and of the following or repeatedly and cleaning the The HP that The feed and instructions. The and instructions. To to www.hp.com/support Press the switch to the off and then the USB and from the Inspect and clean the customer-accessible the top ADF and then the feed and as the instructions that included with the NOTE: If the with To to www.hp.com/support CAUTION: the the feed and
Chapter ADF and then the USB and to the Press the switch to the and then the history: Press the the front to the HP Utility. Click the the and Separation Record information, the HP Clean the HP information The of the HP displays the and history. You this to The of the HP displays information about the and the You this to that the replaced. To the HP Utility, the the front information the HP Utility, the HP and
Troubleshooting This section with the or operation buttons correctly Additional troubleshooting information troubleshooting, the the software that or www.hp.com/support information about the The LED lights the front that and The LED the of the LED, and the LED the the LED. The below to the The LED The LED with steady light. The LED LED indications action or The LED with steady light. The LED with steady light. The LED with steady light. The LED with steady, light. Recommended The The Troubleshooting
Chapter (continued) The LED or If the or the correctly, might the that to of the following: The initialized. The found. internal occurred. The with the To the the and software as the following that the the USB Uninstall and then the HP that the The connected the and that the securely connected the and If the connected to that the outlet and turned that the switch the right of the the Troubleshooting LED indications action or The LED with steady light. The LED with steady light. Both off. There to the The and ready to The
If the the items, the following: Press the switch to the off and then the from the seconds. the to the and then the switch to the seconds, the LED with steady light and the LED off. the USB the physical to the the that included with the Another USB might with the that the USB securely connected the and the or USB The the USB when the properly connected to the If the the items, try the following: of the following the connected to the If the USB connected to USB or the USB from the USB or the station, and then the USB directly to the If the USB directly connected to the another USB the other USB from the the and the Press the switch to the off seconds, and then the switch to the the the restarted, the If the and the connected to the the might the USB the station, USB or another USB the directly connected to the the reconnecting each USB and USB that the from correctly. If the and then the HP and or
Uninstall and then the HP If the the the might occurred of installation. and then the HP Press the switch to the off and then the USB and from the the the and from the to the following items: HP N9120 ISIS/TWAIN HP N9120 the the HP Scanning Software CD that with the to the HP and the USB and to the and then the switch to the seconds, the LED with steady light and the LED off. operation turn right only of Scanned Scanned of the Scanned the and The completely or completely white Scanned straight Scanned or scratches white appear the Scan too The or the If the when the front buttons, the following: that to the that the switch the right of the the The to that the become from the or from the Troubleshooting
The should and off of inactivity (about If the of inactivity, off the seconds, and then the back right the switch the right of the turned If the while, the might to through If the to the software or to You On the HP Utility. of the following: scanning, through the ADF. the the or software. Scanned with the (ADF), follow these that the obstructions the and that the appropriately. another If the of the ADF. from the that the item with the Follow these that the to that the item with the If the of quality, the Clean the Clean the Scanned of the with the first of the facing and with the top or of the the NOTE: The off when the input operation
Chapter Scanned the with the ADF, that together as The scanned. Detection to the or the To the Detection HP Scan Software follow these the HP Scan Software. Select and then On the Scan of the Profile Advanced On the More of the the and Several influence the to performance, the following information. To that A4 (or or the with the feeding the (ADF). Scanning the first the of the the heads, which To from the to the software the (JPEG) Typically, the of reduces the to and with affects the of and with If to the character (OCR) software than which the item to Scanning higher than increases and with If high the to to increase Automatically Scan too The completely or completely white with the ADF, the Troubleshooting NOTE: the software, choose the that matches the of the originals the ADF. NOTE: the OCR should to the or
from the the item might correctly the that the item trying to the and the closed. Scanned straight with the that the the of the that of the from the the item might shifted when closed the Straighten the the and then Scanned or scratches with the (ADF), follow the below. each another to the or scratches If the that the originals and Clean the ADF or the the and the feed Clean the Clean the the and white appear the The might of toner or Scan to the to the with the If the the clean the or the Clean the Clean the Scan too If the the following: the as character (OCR) to and the recommended
Chapter Scanning higher than with than and white If of to the software to the the which The or the If the the HP the that the when the If the the that the might or the might of the HP reports that the NOTE: To the originals the (ADF). The the To other the following: that the selected the software. If the smearing or leaving of the the and then the of the with clean, lint-free cloth. the the the HP Utility. that the the firmly that the of the locations that the of the as through the ADF. Clean and the Press the the front to the HP Utility. Click the and then Clean that the ADF least of the input the HP Utility, If the scanning. the and the buttons correctly when when the Scan Troubleshooting
each to it correctly. If the with the The buttons might the HP software. that the front the HP cleared. might that the USB and the supply securely connected. Turn off the seconds, and then turn the back If the the buttons might of the HP scanning software. the following and and then from the the Click XP and Right-click and then the buttons that the option selected. XP and the Action option selected. when each to correctly. If the with the On the of the HP Utility, the associations the If necessary, the software that assigned to that the expected the the If necessary, the If the the buttons might assigned of the HP Utility. the following and and then from the the Click XP and Right-click and then that the this option selected and that the selected the NOTE: The Scan and Copy the HP Utility. You the the or buttons. buttons correctly
Chapter when the Scan If the HP Scan Software, the HP to which HP Scan Software assigned to the Scan If necessary, the assigned to the NOTE: You assign HP Scan Software to the Copy button. If other software, the that Associate with software this section to that might when from the (ADF). usually from the ADF. the the ADF. If frequently, ADF This section the following topics: Clear from the feed The of the off the Detection and Troubleshooting
Clear from the from the (ADF) input the top of the ADF to the top and ADF from the ADF input
from the ADF. from the ADF If the follow these the the the to the ADF If the automatically, Gently the of the ADF. Troubleshooting
the ADF and then the At the the to which the to completely scanned. the the ADF input If of the following: the and then the photocopy to the input Scan the from the the the as follows: the of to that the together. the that the and then that the scanning. the of the the of the the top. the and
Chapter The (ADF) might securely latched. the ADF and then the firmly. with the ADF might the following to the ADF: the USB and the from the that the connected to the that the ADF least of the input the to the and then the to another through the ADF. The of the off the that to the of the included the that specified the software. Scan Additional troubleshooting information troubleshooting information, the following information about the software that the that To information about the the HP www.hp.com/support Select country/region, and then the and then If access, information, the information about the Troubleshooting
Accessibility Accessibility The N9120 includes the following features: LED The LED software that the of the the front to the as the change. The LED software to what shown the front To the LED follow these On to the directory. To the hpled.exe of the buttons To from the buttons the front the buttons and from the software. You the the front to or and the to the To off the buttons, follow these the HP Utility. On the the front buttons To the buttons, clear the front buttons NOTE: The LED to the LED indications when there USB or the off. NOTE: You the to the of this Accessibility