struction with Function EP-A5000 Thank purchasing This only. it other than Please this instruction to of the this reference easily the P.E-4-E-6 to T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM of Each and Precautions Preparations Water Remote Starting Operation Selecting Switching Rate Operation the Memory Function Detection Memory Function Detection Cleaning and Cleaning the Clean On Water Water Precautions the Troubleshooting cations E-2 E-4 E-7 E-8 E-8 E-8 E-9 E-9 E-10 E-10 E-11 E-12 E-13 E-13 E-13 E-14 E-14 E-14 E-14 E-15 E-16 E-16 E-16 E-17 E-17 E-18 E-19 E-19 E-20 E-21 E-21 E-21 E-22 E-22 E-23 E-26 E-27
of Each assembly catechin White Black section P.E-3 Remote Housed the to this from operating the E-2 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Humidity P.E-14 humidity. (around the the front Accessories P.E-14 the Remote AAA R03 Water cover Water Remote outlet
and P.E-OO shows with further P.E-10, E-14 Airflow P.E-12 Indicates the operation. High P.E-11 Shows the Indicator: and the the the the when The when the to the receiver. On/Off P.E-10 Press this to or operation. P.E-16 Press this to or operation. P.E-13 Press this to operation. The where lighting or lighting used, or when the to sunlight. T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM and P.E-13 The when 4-hour (Indicator: Remote If the straight to the front of the the reduced. the from the front of the whenever Indicates operation. Indicates operation active. switched the the the selected indicated. or P.E-14 of the shown the Clean P.E-17 Shows the to the Red) On/Off P.E-13 this to or operation and to switch the Remote P.E-12 Press this to switch P.E-11 Press this to switch operation P.E-13 Press this to Off-timer. P.E-15 Press this to switch of Each and E-3
Please the following using the To to the user or other people and property the following instructions the appearing the text to Definition of each Incorrect operation to instruction or The seriousness the following indications. WARNING CAUTION To Shock and AC and Cord cleaning and other to the from AC and or with shock or injury. to the the cord, when from AC It shock or short-circuit, to the from AC when leaving of the and shock, or Securely the AC shock, and ignition. of the using cloth. anything burnt the operation and the cord. It shock or to ground or short-circuit. the of cord, the or its or to the with other than 220-240V AC. or shock. the cord. forcibly or heavy it or or shock. or or shock, short-circuit or ignition. E-4 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM This the of death or serious This the of or to property. WARNING of Indicates warning or Indicates Indicates Clean 220-240V
Water Water and the without of the and or (neither when cleaning the or of and or shock, or the holding its the or other the it such as children swallowing of such as bathroom. It shock or such as heater. It or deformation. where of such as the It crack or as of It where or chemicals used. It or the where such as and that such as and or thinner when or such as It crack, shock, catching of and or It Securely the when carrying or to the becomes or such as or noticed, immediately the to and and It shock or to ground or short-circuit. heating with The to or with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction. Children should to that they with the to or yourself. It shock or injury. or other and It or or splash the directly the It shock or short-circuit. or the the or It of the and or or anywhere child. It of the and T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM WARNING Water Precautions E-5
(Continued) Securely the when carrying injury. or the and and securely. or of pinched. properly reading the them. the and the to the instructions the section of this without cleaning allow of or bacteria to and they health to those who hyperactive. such please fresh or of or to of or through or the or chemicals the or the and It health threat. the with its closed. of the to and or to deformation or the Other To Scratches or Wall Cleaning of cleaning, cloth the and the and scratches the the to scratch the with of the E-6 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM CAUTION the when using type such chemicals to the and to operation, which to heath. the the allow to Water causing of shock and Whenever of anticipated, the and the It shock. the from AC outlet and the with its It or injury. If the with of the and the to when operated. the and and them the carrying. or the when It or or the securely when with the It to the the that such as cloth-covered white The the surrounding and
or or near The or or If the the and the the the to scratches or thick It or with cleaning without without or the receiver, or or to reduce its their where the from the blow directly or or of or closed occasionally. The The T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM directly and them. the and the or Acts of the or the or the operation. the operating the to the and possibly the to sunlight. Direct sunlight or malfunction. to the or and Doing to Water from the to the from the to the or Broadcast the or from such Precautions E-7
Preparations Operation cloth or the beneath the to the scratch. cleaning the with It of malfunction. or the CAUTION the when the the the both and then slightly upward, and the the the from the the of the the the the the that the arrow FRONT the the the to the from the front with cloth or the the the top of the the the Gently of the clicks to securely. To the the with or anywhere its the and the cover. cover. E-8 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM the Remote the AAA R03 with the as instructed. the when shipped from the factory, their shorter than of the or them. Cover the of the locations). to the FRONT White of the should the front. the of the locations).
Water and Gently the the and fresh of While the of the upward, and the the Press the of the and that back Tighten the firmly, off and that there off the The P.E-26 (If to please purchase the that the and cover and then the the the holding its Instead, the with both and while the the off carrying. CAUTION The from the operation. Water the while upward. the without the the the to scratch the with of the the with its closed. of the to and or to or CAUTION function when the and with If humidification, the without the and the and to cooling or heating and well-ventilated the least from the both with surrounding and the become dirty. the or WARNING or of the or the T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM cover Water that the with the the to the water-filled with both Press the securely clicks. the to or the CAUTION from the cloth the the the Doing Tighten Preparations E-9
to the the the operation the the please to E-13. Remote Section On/Off Securely the AC On/Off Press and the On/Off Pressing operation the operation. The factory From the the memory function the with P.E-14 Stand-by as the AC 3W the used. the when the of E-10 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Humidity Clean the first the the and memory. the the and You the operation than this the and to the to and the of and humidity. The If On/Off the cord, off the and (Remote this On/Off
operation choice. every operation the operation. the the P.E-16 every purifying function every switching of to and Selection Selection This The the of and switched automatically. operation, from to High. This recommended when about The with Then the the of and another that, these operations repeated. operation, of or This recommended when about The the of and switches to the with higher than operation, from to the first of the of to operation, from to High. to operation, from to High. The when off-timer operation, from the slightly the the On/Off T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Selecting Press switches every this button. Selected operation On switches every The to switching the operation Remote E-11
Remote (Continued) the following to the selected operation The from to or higher or higher According to the of and the and switched to as the and with function of and If function, the and You from the four E-12 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Switching Rate Press switches every this High High High High switches every Airflow the following On High
This useful when people or when cleaning of It about seconds the flow reaches Off-timer the the T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Press The operation with about operation, the resumed. Press Off-timer hours) hours The On/Of Press or operation. The Every and Press Every switches the following that choose or The to switching the to On to the the E-13
Memory Function Detection the operation and then the the shutdown. If the seconds or the operation memory. (If the operation within than seconds, the operation memory.) the cord, the operation memory. the to of the shown the the activated. action Clean You the as P.E-15 the where to or the clean, the action change. P.E-23 The such as or of when the clean, the the the the of the following the Combustion from heating of or beauty or aesthetic The the of operation. should as only. The from reading. as well-ventilated and The operation detecting with and with the the the and memory. the the and both the and Humidity off and the ready to You the operation than the cord. this the and to meaning the the If the the reduced. such High or operation. to the the cord. If the this, the E-14 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Memory Function Detection
fashion. The factory T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM each the of or the The seconds. While the shown the that seconds. Every the the switches. (High) Memory Function Detection E-15
the the when the the to money electricity. Furthermore, this than hours, the operation. operations, the Normal the clean, the continuously operates the the to the and or the about and the operates about If this than hours, the operation. The the of operation. If the the switches to the of the becomes and the or then the operation. If about when to seconds or to the E-16 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Operation Press The to operation. operation Stop operation Every The Press seconds or The to Every The memory. On to and the and
Cleaning cleaning, to operation and the from AC splash the Water splash of such as thinner, or polishing or (neither chemicals deformation, or of or the WARNING chemically treated cloth, follow its instructions. or heater to the Heating deformation, or of cloth or the beneath the to the scratch. CAUTION the Clean the and cover. The Clean month hours) the of or the button finishing cleaning. the used, earlier. If the heavy, the than once month the Clean with cleaning, the The Clean off. the Clean On the and then the the or the scratched with of the cloth or the beneath the to the CAUTION Clean the and cover. the or gather other of the to with the pulled the to the cover and off or the the the cover. the with of the operation. the and then mount the the AC outlet and the located the Press the located the the of or the that the Clean OFF. Mount the the T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM P.E- Water the while upward. the from the the P.E- Water P.E- E-19 P.E- Clean (Red) Cleaning E-17
Cleaning (Continued) with fresh the of the and to and the WARNING (neither cleaning. the the Doing to operation the the without the the the from the CAUTION cleaning: Once month) The this of type that through the or to the when the or or used, to the Although the anti-bacterial and processing, it or or to red, or within of the of and performance.) It recommended to the as often as of whether the Clean or Early of the recommended of the following cleaning. too to or If the or the and of or the and its the of or with or the and its follow the instructions the lightly to off the whitish or brownish of the or to the Water the of that If to the without cleaning the and to performance. the of used, such the cleaning should the it as assembled with its the the or the with or forcibly to (It and of performance.) New the This the early the with the anti-bacterial and performance. the containing too It CAUTION E-18 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Water cleaning: the and the the the that
The using months of as (cleaning once every month). Early of the recommended of the following cleaning. too to or the of used, the early. the and the of the To the the the EP-DX40E-908 The of the to regulations. Water cleaning: Once month) the cover. with to the cover from the off and the to the (neither WARNING mount the the the should empty. CAUTION T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM cover Water the try. or tooth to the Water Cleaning E-19
Cleaning (Continued) To the follow the below. the and then the (This to CAUTION the the the four of the Clean the or the to If the off with the and then to sunlight. the toothbrush or the If to the cleaner. (The the the four securely the the and the the the and then mount the The to replaced, purchase the EP-BX40-002). E-20 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM cleaning: Once month) the from the cloth the P.E-8 P.E-8 the four of the cleaning shelves P.E-9 P.E-9
off the cloth that with and heavy cloth with thinned with cloth to off that To the receiver, thin slightly with to off that, to the the of the and using cleaning shelves. Then off with cloth. cleaning shelves The the years as when the the The should early its shows the to the the attached to the The the shown as only. the of of from the shown this with with The to earlier the of and of or becomes to the earlier than the The should the following or when the of building house built or the house stores, such as coffee shops, or offices or amounts of combustion heating of where the heavy. to the of the when malfunction rough crush, or the Once the the cleaning the The Purchase The plastics of the follow regulations T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM cleaning: Once month) the early its becomes to Precautions Remote Remote Cleaning E-21
(Continued) the EP-DX40E-902 the CAUTION Other the to the and the from AC the and then the (This should to the from the CAUTION cloth the the and the the of and the the that the arrow FRONT the the the the the the and then mount the cleaning the with It of malfunction. Stop the operation, the from AC outlet and service. E-22 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM the Symptom P.E-8 P.E-8 rotation. P.E-9 FRONT White of the should the front. P.E-9 P.E-26
Troubleshooting the following once Symptom Securely the AC or turn or efficiently or there Press the and or switched? other though the increase though the constantly T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM to securely AC Switch switched off? the dirty? the dirty? the with of correct? the dirty? the the when high? Press the and or switched? other Clean the or other the the clean when the AC the the of reach of Clean the or other there that the might combustion Clean the or other there the the with the operation of the or the dirty? Clean the to the the to the The to the of and of the Clean the receiver. the the and the AC when clean. invisible that cleaned and operation. the the to the or Clean or the to the P.E- P.E-21 P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E-11-E-13 P.E- P.E-11-E-13 P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- P.E- Troubleshooting E-23
Troubleshooting (Continued) Symptom to performance when operated the operated or Water the activated? The Clean off E-24 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM the to the or the dirty? the properly, or there the and then and the with the the properly. the properly? the closed firmly, or the securely? the cover closed properly? the securely? the or with the there the or there from the the cleaning? the of and of consumed. the to and the to High or Clean the to the properly. If dirty, or the firmly. the cover properly. the securely. the carrying the with the Stop the immediately and Stop using the immediately and Press the P.E-11, E-12 P.E-20 P.E-17, E-18 P.E-9 P.E-9 P.E-17 P.E-16 P.E-17
Following Conditions Normal when AC outlet caused rotation. This the operation The from the or The when the to the This from reading There performance the This It switching sound of the This Clicking operation It caused operation. the This repeatedly and off another, and the stationary Pressing the operates the release of the other with function. the the the other with function operates the release of operation. operation selected, the The P.E-16 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Symptom when supplied. This this the first the the this the performance P.E-21 to the Clean the P.E-17-E-18 the that through the or This indicated as only. the indications. The the the once, seconds, and then the AC The from the the Both respond. This Troubleshooting E-25
the EP-DX40E-902 when the EP-DX40E-908 when The included. E-26 T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM the EP-BX40-002 when the EP-BV60-017 when
Specifications EP-A5000 supply AC220-240V switching High (W) Applicable performance operation) 537(H) 430(W) 242(D) of T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM Specifications E-27
T_S-EP-A5000.indd T_S-EP-A5000.indd PM PM