Bluetooth With Text-to-Speech MODEL:HB650
Table of Thank You Introducing the HB650 What Specifications charging GETTING STARTEd with Sound and Waiting and Waiting Function from to Text-to-Speech Turning On/Off the Text-to-Speech Function Phones Phonebook to What the Lights Mean Factory of Thank purchasing the HB650 Bluetooth This instruction and ready to the of WARNING! Speakerphones of sounds and high pitched tones. to such sounds hearing The based such as the phone its reception and and the Please the below to using this to this follow these the speakerphone, the to its the speakerphone and then the to the of this the the lowest and the speakerphone where to the If increased necessary, the slowly; and
or ears, immediately the speakerphone and physician. With high ears become tomed to the sound which to hearing without noticeable Several shown that phone while to the which increase the of This the of shown to than with to the phone while and to or off the and or when weather, high of the or REMEMBER; DRIVING COMES FIRST, NOT THE CALL! Please the where the of while It the owners responsibility to this with the of the where WARNING! of reach of The the and its wrapped toys The them or the they WARNING! of atmospheres: the where there of of
Introducing the HB650 Microphone Light charging and (MFB) turned off and to Press seconds to lights Press and seconds to off light and then off) What Can The HB650 with Bluetooth It with Text-to-Speech and synchronization option. The Text-to-Speech announces instructions the users and the of the Bluetooth It announces the of the incoming (or phone the the HB650 this
Specifications to hours to hours Rechargeable with charging option from supply and outlet to and Bluetooth to Bluetooth Bluetooth Text-to-Speech English, Spanish Integrated to Charging that HB650 it charging approximately hours). the to charge from or charge directly from outlet the charging provided. connecting to the the while charging the off. off the turned connected to Bluetooth then the off. GETTING STARTED The HB650 easy to Turning On and To turn off and the MFB seconds, the light and On heard. To off and the MFB seconds. the light off and heard. with or Other HB650 to with that the HB650 turned off Press and the MFB and alternatively. Bluetooth function of the phone to search Bluetooth (please to the
Bluetooth to the HB650. Follow instruction This to or Bluetooth phone and selecting the option to cover or Bluetooth from typical phone the HB650. phone then to with or OK the and with the or PIN when of to If the completed within the activated, the speakerphone off automatically. Please to the speakerphone and to Press the MFB to Press the MFB to active from the to to If phone allow this the HB650 MFB to the to the Press the MFB approximately seconds when the to incoming phone the who to or hear Press the MFB once. the and then announce the to the through Please user information about using this Press the MFB when the turned and Sound and repeatedly the or to the
Waiting and his and Press the MFB to the active and the Press the MFB to switch the Waiting the MFB seconds to the and the seconds to the speakerphones microphone. Press and the seconds the of the once and the to where the speakerphone the as using phone from to Press the and buttons together. The to the to the back to the the and together Text-to-Speech The speakerphone options. the the seconds the flashes and the speakerphone announce Select this to the the following of English, and Spanish. Turning On/Off the Text-to-Speech Function You off or the to function, while the the seconds Prompt On or Prompt announced). Phones to the connected the seconds and the light This the phonebook memory. the completed, the announces The the of that the memory. NOTE: If the the speakerphone announce: Loading Failed. The function phone and every this Please with whether phone this The phonebook the speakerphone when paired with another
both and buttons seconds (Phonebook announced) and the memory the Speakerphone Functions with these features. user further information. What the light to NOT connected to charger What What this about charging off charging completed and alternatively. once seconds seconds Bluetooth connected to once every seconds once every seconds steady or off
Troubleshooting hear crackling the that the within from the hear Increase the the that the paired with the that the phone connected to the from the Bluetooth though otherwise You Follow the instructions Factory to factory and paired from the while the and together seconds, the seconds, the off and the factory completed heard. the back to its Notice: If the speakerphone connected with phone to to of the HB650 with the off and protected. including sunlight or below This and operation. High performance. the HB650 to or other Bluetooth The Bluetooth and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and of such Other and those of their respective owners. Bluetooth that such as and without wires or information www.bluetooth.com. Bluetooth the that Bluetooth with other Bluetooth headset the or both. to
features within the software. creates and encrypted Bluetooth and them with each other. Bluetooth the successfully. or PIN that to with HB650. This phone and the HB650 each other and together. of the to and or