EZ2 SBLE2-ML120201 this and reference. this and the instructions. this ease of reference.
EZ2 Reproduction or reprinting, without of this or thereof prohibited. The of this to without Every to that this and correct. should to please inform the responsibility from or related to the of this to Product Warranty the of this the warranty and Precautions At of this as to and Instructions This relating to that as as the and warranty, or the of this Also, the warranty as to the merchantability or products of this presently or site-licensed. who purchased the product(s) bear the of services, repairs, and from this and bear the of or indirect (including the of profits or information) that from the the right to this and to the thereof, without to Notices English
EZ2 Product Provisions This to the country where the bought this warranty to Product Warranty the of this This first of the (SBLE2-ML120201) the following products: AH00322: EZ2 AH00180: of Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) and other countries. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. Other and and/or of their respective Creation February first SBLE2-ML120201 Rights Copyright English
EZ2 Introduction Thank purchasing EZ2 (henceforth to as "StarBoard"). This created people who already knowledge of (henceforth to as "PC"). Please that the of this and the software correctly. that the of this English
EZ2 and and this and this to the and of this and to and property These and their as below. the information reading the of the This Warning This appear to This warning appear where there of death or This warning appear where there of or light NOTICE This appear where there of to property. the of the to existing that to To of or possibly death, DO NOT IGNORE the instructions that follow this WARNINGS CAUTIONS This to (including This something prohibited. This something that English
EZ2 Precautions Operation Precautions repairs, or this as to or to the or cover of this to to or to the internal inspections, and repairs to or top of this If top of or this to or to the to electricity, with hand to electricity touching this Static electricity from to this that the of the reflective become or scratched. Scratches or the of the reflective them from correctly. to the PC, the USB If USB other than malfunction. heavy or the USB to heat. to to the USB the of the USB when connecting or disconnecting. the USB scratching or to the WARNINGS CAUTIONS NOTICE English
EZ2 with Trouble Precautions What to of of or If such as of or to reason, immediately the USB from the PC. Confirm that the or and to repairs. without fire. What to the or the USB If this or the USB becomes reason, immediately the USB from the PC and operation without of or this hear to comply shock. other than those specified. to fire, injury, and/or of the surrounding to bursting or splash with or compounds. this location to with or containing or other compounds top of or this to comply or fire or this CAUTIONS WARNINGS CAUTIONS English
EZ2 the Product the USB of reasons, the USB the to of to comply malfunction. the properly. of the such as or twisting overheating or to of the or of the the USB from the PC when this to comply to the USB and/or the to shock of This shock of further operation. when this NOTICE NOTICE English
EZ2 location with or this location where there or fire or to this There of the of location with or this this such as or the to improperly or or malfunction. internally mounted Directly toughing internally mounted this or to this locations to or location such as to or fire or to this this If somehow this immediately the USB and fire or to this WARNINGS CAUTIONS English
EZ2 this locations to high or high humidity. This 5C 35C Humidity: 20%RH 80%RH locations to and/or shock of and/or shock of internal of this to this location to or shock of this near high-voltage or If this high-voltage or might interference. location to sunlight or near heater. to comply of or to this At of this as to and of this the user should follow and of the locality which used. NOTICE NOTICE English
EZ2 thought to the this and this might operating this themselves as as follow instructions. this this or the might possibly or the might If to this with screws. the might possibly or the might the whiteboard or forcefully with the P.3-3 or apply to to comply to the or to correctly. with and terminals or other than the type specified. It malfunctions and heat, or burns to the hand. to insulation to the and terminals of the or when of of without them to overheating, bursting, or to shorting, or fire. Furthermore, to follow and Page(s) Page(s) WARNINGS CAUTIONS English P.2-1 P.2-1 P.3-6 P.3-6
EZ2 Select and that might waves or such as televisions, copying or conditioners. locations that that to high or or humidity, or that to sunlight. The the and (or become the inches) of the If to reduce the the of inches) from the of the of the input with thickness of least to this that least If or with thickness of than used, the input Also, with such as If such incorrectly, the of the board. and this the of or and the lighting that the of the Locations where the or of the to sunlight. Locations which there light with light or directly the Notice Page(s) NOTICE English P.2-1 P.2-6 P.3-1 P.2-10 P.4-4
EZ2 Introduction Preparations Product Check............................................................................................................................ (option) (option) of Each (option) Assembly and the Software.......................................................................................... the Devices the the Devices the used) Projection from the the Reflective the Connecting the USB the Procedure Procedure Positioning to to Touch Character PC and Switching Switching to the the Battery the Operations of the the English
EZ2 Troubleshooting..................................................................................................................... Procedure Specifications............................................................................................................ and Product Warranty English
Introduction EZ2 Introduction Preparations This chapter the to StarBoard. First-time of should through this chapter. Product to the EZ2, and reflective existing whiteboard or the software PC that connected to to the PC or characters or the to the PC. You or the to the PC You or to the PC the board with the There optional the and the this You write directly the PC screen the Software PC, or the to write characters or directly the PC The input characters or as the PC, where they or printed. Compatible with Characters or written created with Microsoft which significantly the of the You write Characters or written displays. This easy to or English
Introduction EZ2 that the following USB Reflective Corner screws screws Wall mount Software DVD-ROM Software EZ2 Warranty Sheet English
Introduction EZ2 (option) (option) AAA English
Introduction EZ2 of Each information characters or with the or the and this to the PC. LED The displayed the and lighting of the LED. Normal Flashing occurred Characters or this the PC. the EZ2, that the from the within this English EZ2 Reflective Reflects light. Used to or operations. USB Used to the with the PC. Used to the USB Corner To to the reflective together.
Introduction EZ2 (option) English Battery the cover when or the battery. to this buttons Operations assigned to these buttons.Refer to this
Assembly and EZ2 Assembly and to follow the below when the StarBoard. This that input achieved when or this or to comply the to injury, or to this to shock of from the If to this with screws. to comply the to injury, or to this to shock of from the board NOTICE Select and near that might waves or such as televisions, copying or locations that that to high or or humidity, or that to sunlight. English WARNINGS
Assembly and EZ2 the Software the Devices the Starting to the Software PC to The might correctly connected without the software About PC Earth PC, incorrect operation might caused PC the USB If this that the earth of connected. If the earth connected, might incorrect operation. users, EZ the the installation, follow the instructions the The when the completed. If the EZ2 to location, the EZ English users, "Applications" EZ
Assembly and EZ2 the Devices the used) If this which the used, to the below to the Projection from the the the To the StarBoard, the following clearance around the the as shown below. (Aspect ratio inches, inches (Aspect ratio inches, inches (1inch) English inches) Projection (1inch) (1inch)
Assembly and EZ2 the Reflective the reflective to the of the with the of the that the of the reflective facing and there The of and right reflective to to the of the the reflective that the higher cover inches height and inches) of the top of the English inches) Projection Reflective the of the reflective connected their corners. of the reflective
Assembly and EZ2 the to the and right corners of the reflective Fixing Screws where used, the reflective with screws. three screws each reflective English Projection Corner
Assembly and EZ2 *If the than inches, reflective the to reflective NOTICE The the and (or become the inches) of the If to reduce the the of inches) from the of the of the English Projection
Assembly and EZ2 the with the of the with the of the inches) the and with the of the to where used. the mount the back of the with screws. English screws Wall mount inches) Projection the to to its and that securely
Assembly and EZ2 the of the with the of the inches) the and with the of the Connecting the USB the and then the USB the to the the reflective Fixing Screws where used, the with screws. English screws inches) USB
Assembly and EZ2 the USB to the English USB
Assembly and EZ2 the Items to The following appear while using this NOTICE and this the of or and the lighting that the of the Locations where the or of the to sunlight. Locations which there light with light or directly the The displayed another the following items this appears. There the light from reaching the or of the reflective There the of the reflective If the corrected the the operating with Procedure" shown Section the of and the of OS. Procedure Press the the Touch displayed the PC to manually the Computer" and located "C Software This English
Assembly and EZ2 appears. Press Press This that input normally. English
Assembly and EZ2 Procedure Press the "OK" the Touch displayed the the "Applications" "StarBoard" The Click the button. English
Assembly and EZ2 completed" shown Press "OK" to the If such as the following appears, the "OK" and then while to Section If the If the that clicking the the process. To the the This English
Assembly and EZ2 Positioning Select "MENU" the Software "StarBoard" "OK". and then English
EZ2 to to to Touch This section of to the Character To input characters, or the separately). NOTICE input with thickness of least to this that least If or with thickness of than used, the input Also, with such as If such incorrectly, the of the board. Touch the with allow other of to or the as incorrect operation. English
EZ2 to the and the the with sufficiently that and the If hand or touches the or within of the might incorrect operation. PC PC operations or without characters, to the and as English
EZ2 to the whiteboard or forcefully with the or apply to to comply to the or the the reflective Doing or to CAUTION
EZ2 to and You the following input with EZ2. and switching) Initial and switching) the Switching the Software "MENU" "StarBoard" and then buttons...". Condition the touched with the input switches to input. input the touched of using input switches to input. The switching buttons the and right of the input input If the used, the as input English
EZ2 to Select the input to from and the "OK" Switching "Applications" Select the input that to from and the OK English
EZ2 to to the This section of to the (option). the Battery the using the to correctly. with and reversed, or other than the type specified. It malfunctions and heat, or burns to the hand. to insulation to the and terminals of the using or when of of without them to overheating, or to shorting, or fire. Furthermore, to follow and If within the EU, to follow Directive.[Batteries (2006/66/EC)] the the CAUTION the cover counter-clockwise, and to shown the the AAA that the the Press the battery cover and clockwise to to the cover, as English
EZ2 to the To the to characters or the of the the and then the release the of the from the the writing of the following when the with the the as as to the and apply to the of the the the of the If the of the while characters or the from the might correctly. If the characters or the correctly the PC, the and then that they displayed correctly. of the Beam operations when the reads the beams that the If the the and the input becomes them English
EZ2 to Operations of the the of the the to the of the and the You the to the following operations while or The following and operations or the the with force, and then the the the with force, and then the the the the with force, and without releasing from the it from to another. the The and three buttons. actions assigned to these four buttons. The shown the following Right Secondary C the the Software Software The assignment of the selecting "MENU" the Software "StarBoard" buttons" (This function Function C English
EZ2 to the USB of to the PC. Turn the switch of the Turn the switch of the PC to the of the that the the within the input to of this Select Software", or the the If the below appears the it that the EZ2 connected. that the EZ2 and the PC properly connected. If the properly connected, the to "Connected" as If the correcting the there other to Troubleshooting" of this located Computer" "C Software and the to the instructions (*)This installation. Connected English
EZ2 How to If the of the and of "MENU" the Software "StarBoard" and then the EZ when operated the first and whenever the board Not operation the USB of to the Turn the switch of the Turn the switch to the of the that the the within the input to of this Select "Applications" Software" to Software. "MENU" the Software "StarBoard" and then the If the connected" appears, Software the EZ2. whether the EZ2 and PC connected properly. Connected If they connected properly, the connected" appears. If the though the there to Troubleshooting" this English
EZ2 to "Applications" and then the with the If the of the and of "MENU" the Software "StarBoard" and then the EZ when operated the first and whenever the Not operation English
EZ2 Troubleshooting the to the of What to What to The input. Touch (Something light from reaching the board or reflective properly. the input.) the USB connected to the the USB to the PC. PC? the LED the USB the the the the the of this that USB as bellow, of USB other than USB USB Software or correctly. Other than the something light from the or of the reflective the of the to the reflective dirty? of the reflective the the to correctly? the of the the this Alternatively, follow the the the used) to of this Other than the the of this to the PC, the USB If to USB USB Uninstall the Software and then Software, the Software the English
EZ2 What to What to Touch (USB that USB as bellow, of USB other than USB USB Touch USB Input-Related What to What to The input properly? match. Other than the The properly. The the USB and and the restarted. If this the the PC. high-speed USB to the USB to the StarBoard? the and the the PC the input Software or correctly. Other than the to the PC, the USB If to USB USB to the and high-speed USB to USB that PC USB USB the of the and the If correction to the properly. the PC within the StarBoard's input the input of this Uninstall the Software and then Software, the Software English
EZ2 What to What to The or This to of the batteries. of this Software or correctly. there light with to that of the from lighting or Other than the AV operated while the the The charge of the of this Software or correctly. Other than the the from the and them. Uninstall the Software and then Software, the Software turning off the lights the If the operates normally, the location which or the lighting OS or Software. the when another If operations when another the the Stop operating the Uninstall the Software and then Software, the Software OS or Software. the when another If operations when another the the English
EZ2 While using StarBoard, regularly. To comfortably this function recommended to You this NOTICE and this the of or and the lighting that the of the Locations where the or of the to sunlight. Procedure Confirmation of as from first of to PC. If If this the MENU StarBoard and the of of the the of the from to If of of the Locations which there light with light or directly the English
EZ2 displayed the board completed. Following displayed when finished. Press OK. This of Confirm the input of following displayed. Press Retry to If this displayed Please English
EZ2 Specifications EZ2 Detection when (USB1.1 Interface USB inches, inches aspect Effective inches, aspect Reflective reflective 5V C C (Humidity: RH, without C C (Humidity: RH, without (option) Communication wavelength: IR wavelength: switches: supply: AAA Expected life: hours of including VCCI Class A, FCC Class B, CE and this the of or and the lighting that the of the This includes: Locations where the or of the to sunlight. Locations which there light with light or directly the or property, off about The light the this location where other displays, The expected humidity, and the operating Item Specification English
EZ2 and Cleaning Clean the that to Cleaning cleaning the cloth with cleansing that polishing compound. such as thinner. that or the with or other scratching. Cleaning the of the reflective to the of the reflective or that or the of the reflective with or scratching. The correctly scratched. Cleaning the cloth with or to from the sections of the cleaners that as reduce the force of the Cleaning the To the cleansing that polishing compound. apply the cleansing directly, rather cloth with of and the cleaner, and such as thinner. allow the to AAA them, or English
EZ2 Product Warranty the free warranty service malfunction the malfunction corrected without charge, to the of the warranty. Furthermore, the accompanying the warranty to the information free repairs might this please immediately and this The warranty coverage the following Product Warranty EZ2 (Option) (Option) Explanatory warranty this physical and Not covered warranty Please to the warranty sheet this warranty service the warranty there charge the following If the accompanying the warranty to If the warranty presented. If specified the accompanying the warranty completed, or the without authorisation. The warranty to the purchasers. (It apply to third to whom the this the of malfunction or from the customers caused the or the of from to the and this the of or from or other fire, earthquake, and USB Reflection AAA English
EZ2 the of malfunction this caused the to this of other than the specified the that there abnormality this other than this or the of ordinary wear and tear, of If this malfunctions, the of this If the the The whether or the repaired, please them. If the the to without RMA Authorisation) might covered warranty. the charges to or of the responsibility the to the customer. This warranty cover repair-associated assembly or disassembly. caused the of this of that should from the of this the of this warranty. The this warranty, and they those of or that include This warranty to of this within the country where the bought this English