FOR SERVICE PERSONNEL ONLY SAFETY PRECAUTION the operating the The of this section to Please to the following WARNING Incorrect of death or serious injury. CAUTION serious to earth This the that the operates installation. to the operation and of the as the to this together with the instruction Please or technician to Water or fire the yourself. Please the stated the the of installation. shock and fire. that the mounted locations which to to the of the If the and the and regulations of the and the the when with the which official country. to the specified and fire to the of or to the specified connecting the and Please that the tight the conductors of the the terminals to the force to the section of the base. insertion and over-heating and fire. Please the specified the or shock, fire or to the specified R410A. this or or to another location, that other than the specified (R410A) the If other should the of the increase abnormally which and injury. to while If the with fire, of to that there If the the with fire the heater, heater, Unauthorized to the If please or repairs shock and fire, to the earth from the supply to the and the and the earth to the lighting or the earth of the telephone earthing shocks. finishing the the and then the If the while the operating and the service released, and the steeply, causing or injury. the to the the If the and the operated with the service released, and the of the increase abnormally which and injury. the house the connected supply to the of other installations switch with or than to Without the of shock the location where there The catch fire around Please smooth of when the IEC should used. type: NYM. Installation of Wall and of Protection The of the the from the Therefore the or slightly the of the Direct Mounting On The Wall Please beams the to the of the Hose Hose Wall INDOOR UNIT Procedures of and Precautions Procedures to the the the with shown below) shown below) screw. shown below) Wall Screw Wall Procedures to the of the shown below) shown below) Wall Remote Wall and of Protection which slightly towards the the the protection to the thickness. Empty the of protection should completely sealed with to of the Please smooth of when the IEC should used. type: NYM. 06K108_RAS-35_YH6_English.p65 PM WARNING CAUTION The Unit While the from the right, or to as shown Then smoothen the of with CAUTION PIPING FROM THE RIGHT SIDE (BACKWARD, DOWNWARD, HORIZONTAL) Preparation connecting cord. the and Wall the through the The of the the The the of the the Screw Screw the the possibly the and where the or screws to the Protection Connecting Cord Hose Projection PIPING FROM THE LEFT SIDE (BACKWARD, DOWNWARD, HORIZONTAL) Preparation locally) of Hose and Procedures. the location of hose and while the from the as shown below. to the hose the Please to the (This to the screw Screw locally) WARNING that the with the Please the protection as through the hollow of the as to the of completely, with high flows from and with with Protection of protection WALL THE CHOICE OF MOUNTING SITE (Please the following and from installation.) The should mounted location which to the INDOOR UNIT heat and the allowed. The clearance from top, right and specified below. The location and with the To interference from please the and its least from the and To from the please the from high- and high-power wireless of Item Screw AAA Battery Screw of Remote Insulation Switch The of included the of the Connecting cords, and hose together with Wall hose of the of the upwards and then force CAUTION the section of the hose Hose cover to the location securely the the the section of the hose the the CAUTION The fixing the should with force. this heat insulation and Please the of the outwards to the the and the while holding the of hand. with force WARNING The mounted location which heavy and increase. CAUTION the sunshine or and clear of obstruction. The blown of the should directly to or The clearances of the from top, right and front specified below. At least of the The height should least or from the that the blown of the and the location where there and The location the and its least from the or of or telephone. This to interference. OUTDOOR UNIT The of Unit Connecting Cord showing the of and Unit. the from the the from the the right or of the (right to completely with Direction of about from about There allowed, from from right, from from right, vertically from of Mounting of the Mounting when the of INSTALLATION AFTER CONNECTION OF REFRIGERATING PIPES The should to the the and then ready further The terminals of connected covered with Then the wrapped with insulation the connecting cover. to "CONNECTION OF POWER CORD") the and the the to them tight. attached the of Please the Insulation wrapped with THE CONNECTION OF REFRIGERATING PIPE DURING THE INSTALLATION OF INDOOR UNIT Preparation To The and and attached. Please below to the the the temporary the back of the to its forwards. the hose through the the the with insulation the cover. to of Cord") the and the the The of to the hose Wall Connecting this to the front the of Heat to ease Connecting insulation Connected section hose of from Heat Insulation and of the The connected terminals should completed sealed with heat and then with the terminals with the too tight. If clearance or Please the and together with as shown the showing the of and To the heat insulation and to please cover the of the hose and with insulation Completely with of Hose upwards You to choose the or right) the of Please the smooth of of the CAUTION WARNING CAUTION or Used locally) The should insulated with the insulation (If the insufficient, please products.) The easily affected to from the The height the and should below The or should insulated with insulation and then wrapped with (The wrapped with clearance as as The of insulated Please insulated hose the hose Connecting The of the locations with Projection about Protection Insulation of protection CAUTION that the hose connected or
Please mount the of ground to and increase of the location the of cover, please the the the cover the of the Please this (suction Please cover of the to the when connecting the and cord. OUTDOOR UNIT FINAL STAGE OF INSTALLATION CONDENSED WATER DISPOSAL OF OUTDOOR UNIT There the of to to to the the or that the the ground as shown the to Cover the with bush. To the bush, the as shown the and the both of the to the whether the and to the firmly. DRAIN HOLE BUSH DRAIN HOLE or the and that of that there the and to this please the and the the of and of each It becomes smooth that the from the to the ground or THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. WARNING Procedures of to Unit Unit Unit CONNECTION OF POWER CORD Connecting Cord or to Unit of the connecting Unit Unit or Connecting Cord The of the should to the tightly. Then to the to the tight. insertion burn the to only specified the of Please to the and the should the of the There AC the LN the Therefore, to the from its the connecting and to with the band. the the of the the band. the as this overheating or fire. Source of Source WARNING the the cord. the and the force as this the with The easily heat. the together with or Please that the operating the operation to the operation procedures as the If the the Turn the the where the and the operation. the service switch operation, to the switch or seconds and the force-cooling operation. S735 06K108_RAS-35_YH6_English.p65 AM Preparation of INSTALLATION OF REFRIGERATING PIPES AND AIR REMOVAL to the and and the to to from the CAUTION please the touch the or fin of the to BASE CAUTION BUSH Please when the Screw manually while the that, wrench to the DRAIN PIPE Wrench of The Unit of the to the front cover, the cover the of the and cover. turned off using switch. the switch "off" and the switch cover the switch that the turned necessary, the lower-side the of the with the the and with to or and of to connected. to turned off switching the of to "off". that please the of the connecting Unit wires Unit wires the cover from the and screw the Connecting Connecting Unit Unit the screw and cover, and the connecting and the cover with screw. wires WARNING the from the right WARNING the properly that the cover the The its which or To the its please that the from the the where the to fixed. The when from the The the light. Therefore, the of the please switch the light, to the mounting location of the The the the of the the the as shown below. Remote Force-cooling operation the service switch of the or seconds, the force- cooling operation this when the or collecting the Cover the than CAUTION while the of the service closed. CAUTION Please R410. () R410A R22 of of first of or of from the when to the to the specified with wrench. If the the passed, and of head wrench to Securely screw the and connecting that or Tightening reference to to the of the C cords through the band. Screw Earth cover Connecting Screw WARNING the to the cover. Not to with the the the hose of the as shown the and the the and and hose hose to the front cover to the the front Please and the front both the front both the right while the front to right as shown Then while to front. the Screw screws, the of the front cover and release the Remote the of the front cover as shown the and the cover. Screw Service switch (If the switch or seconds, the force-cooling operation If the switch additional or seconds, the operation the [PUSH] sections the of the and the Then the released from the stationary (The [PUSH] sections indicated arrows the right of From The Inspection Procedures of using shown right the of Then, the charge the of head. the to the and the charge hose to the the shuttle of the and completely the shuttle. the about then completely the and switch off the the of the service with and the immediately to seconds. the charging hose from the service AIR REMOVAL Completely the of the service anticlockwise to allow the of Wrench Tighten the of head. the periphery there The then completed. inspection Please to of as shown the right. If further the to to the cover the and the as shown to the cover. of the Unit Please the cover If the to the cord, please the connecting the to the front to that the of the cover certainly. and this or The should to service and becomes high heating operation.) WARNING Checking the and the installation, the and completed. To the the below the from house to the of the Cord IMPORTANT to to to the supply and other the location. the of to the to the The includes the the where of recommended. the within the reaching of the cord. that the securely attached. the front cover the three of the cover securely. Then, the of the front cover to the Tighten the screws. the the of the right and the front the to the the they that the securely the HOW TO REMOVE INDOOR UNIT the reaches the shuttle. showing Closed R410A Charge hose slightly the to of Then the The of service of of head wrench of head cover Earth IMPORTANT Capacity 16A [PUSH]