HDC-401EX Thank purchasing HDC-401EX using the please this to of the the the
What You Should Notes the Product What You the of LCD Operations Ready..................................................................................................................... the Turning On/Off the the and SD Memory Card to the the Shooting Shots (Self-Portraits)..................................................... the Playback Playback Playback........................................................................................................ TV...................................................................... Operations Ready..................................................................................................................... the Turning Sound On/Off the the AC the (Recording and Quality the the (Brightness).................................................................. the White the Sharpness......................................................................................... the Saturation......................................................................................... the the ISO the the Playback Copying the Memory to the SD Memory Card Protecting the Formatting Operations While Connected to Flow of Copying to the operating of the the HDC-401EX the Computer..................................... Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB Copying to the the Uninstalling the HDC-401EX Troubleshooting...................................................................................................... Items and Specifications
Precautions of throughout this They to the of the and to other and property from and Their and below. Please the of each reading the The following to the of or the of that from that contrary to the instructions. Warning that to the instructions death or serious that to the instructions or to property. The following to instructions. This action that This action that to the following precautionary information to and of the the of abnormality. to the such as should or off fire or shock. the from which purchased the while while or other vehicle. You and or Warning the The or causing injury. Protect the of or If or should the the immediately. to the fire or shock. the from which purchased the the or shower. or shock to or the the If should the or otherwise the the or shock the from which purchased the throw the or the fire. The and/or and causing fire or of or of and other than the specified types. The and causing fire or injury. of the associated with batteries. If the from should with or immediately the and The to or other to or heat the the or otherwise them to to recharge lithium or batteries. the together with The and causing fire or the specified this the their as specified.
type of other than as specified. or shock The the to malfunction and the where the of prohibited, such as the to amounts of or high humidity. or shock the to high the heater, electrically heated with the closed, or sunlight. the The or the causing What You Should The of this to without Unauthorized reproduction of or of this prohibited. whatsoever or third from the of the or software with the whatsoever from memory to malfunction, or other reason. Copyrights The with other than without from the copyright that shows, photographing/videotaping the of the Microsoft and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and other The SD Other or to this or of their respective and acknowledged. They TM or this
Notes the of within the of to (non-condensing). If the from directly to or the to of and please Shots photographing/videotaping and thereby that the recorded correctly. The AA included the to the operations of the If shooting them with AA or AA This CANNOT with AA batteries. This from the following operations, as they the the Disconnecting the USB Removing the or the AC separately) while recorded or USB Connecting or the AC separately) while recorded. to that already consumed. or the memory while the Performing other operations that back another (MO CD-R, that recover the or while the LCD The the LCD become or the This malfunction. to that lighting operation. the LCD with force. The become or the LCD The the LCD become the or other light. This malfunction. The LCD with high of technical the temporarily or white, red, or appear This malfunction. These recorded with the the around the LCD become while the This malfunction. SD Memory Card SD memory with the HDC-401EX and MB Please to the attached to the SD memory and or the recorded that back another (MO CD-R, the of the memory free from or of To from the the using cloth, The its with to the of the To clean the with blower and then the with cloth. the of the thinner, The coating off or become
Product The HDC-401EX offers high with built-in CCD of enough to nearly anywhere The below: CCD of (A4 supported) Easy-to-see 1.5TFT LCD MB memory to SD function SD memory easy (built-in SD memory the whole family the to Several to choose from shooting sports, and back light Black white and easy function TheMy as the playback or and AC the hours without worrying about The all-in-one right 1SD memory separately. 2The AC separately. What You the Confirm that the following found the together with the Dedicated USB Dedicated The AC and SD memory purchased separately. SD Memory Card the AC The USB and to as theUSB cableand cable,respectively. Installation CD-ROM 98/98SE) AA P23 P51 of switch switch P65 P23 P43 P31 P55 P61 P15 P33 P72 P35 Threaded mounting Rear Interface cover DC input LCD MODE MENU P51 P9 Self-timer (red) cover Battery/SD memory cover to the
MODE Press this to switch to operating To MENU Press this to the items) each Pressing the MENU while the P33 To Playback Protect Copy to the these thoroughly operating the buttons. that the this to the Playback Right this to the item to the right this to switch the LCD the this to the item this to each the this to the currently played the this to the item the Normal Self-timer this to the self-timer the OK this to selection this to the the Capture/Playback OK Operations The operated the following Select the item the and then MENU to the the selection). Select the item the pressing the using and then the selection Follow the operation displayed each The MODE/MENU and operations simplified as follows: OK Press the MODE or MENU MODE or MENU Press the direction buttonPress Press the OK Function this to the item each P37 P15 P30 P39 P64 P32 P36
LCD P55 Not displayed selected Sports Night Light Normal High High Not displayed selected P52 P52 P60 Sharpness High Not selected P59 P27 P33 Not selected to ISO100 to ISO200 Red-Eye Reduction Forced of Displayed when the AC separately) Not displayed selected Black White SD P30 P61 P23 Displayed when SD memory of P20 P31 Not displayed the selected White Not selected Daylight Not selected EV to EV 0.5-EV Self-timer P64 P62 P18 P97 P58 P57 The the apply when the items displayed. SD memory seconds White P61 Displayed when played. operation Displayed when played. SD memory Protect of currently displayed of seconds This playback. P18 P23 P20 P31 P58 P57 P35 P18 P23 P69
Switching the LCD The LCD each switched the below. Press the off which the shown as icons. to the displayed. off The LCD turned off. this to the The or off function the If the turned off or the switched to the Playback the selected LCD the to Playback Press MENU the the Playback then or using Playback ISO and other image-related information this Protect Copy to OK Pressing MENU the selection, and then the The LCD the Playback selected retained the off. to the to played, information displayed when selected. P25 This chapter the basic operations of the HDC-401EX. Once the this chapter, the functions of the Ready the Turning On/Off the the and SD Memory Card to the the Shooting Shots (Self-Portraits) the Playback Playback Playback TV
the the battery/SD memory the of the arrow. the the and with the the the battery/SD memory cover. Turn off the the the battery/SD memory cover motion. The cover opening/closing the battery/SD memory cover, to the batteries. It recommended that the and the of Applicable The HDC-401EX with AA and AA (HR-3SB recommended.) Battery Displayfor the the LCD AA used. The AA included the to the operations of the If shooting them with AA or AA Reference Battery Battery type Continuous AA LR6 The the reference the that the the following and played continuously of seconds They guaranteed. The lower, the or which the used. continuously without flash. CyclicImages repeating the of Checking the secondsCapturePlayback seconds. both once the memory when the off, the HDC-401EX amount of to back the internal clock. It recommended that the and the of Battery of this the or Formatting properly. It recommended that the with ones. battery. with Displayed when the AC separately) The correctly, the and which the used. the of as reference. with LCD and memory P74 Operations Ready
Turning On/Off the switch To off the the switch the The and the off. If the switch released too the on/off. If the the switch If HDC-401EX the first or of with the from the the internal clock when the which the displayed. Follow the instructions the and to the and Function If the with the without operated, the off to The To the the switch to the The function effective when the connected to the AC separately). If the connected to the USB the function If the function activated while item and the then turned off, the item If the item To the the switch the (red) the hear sound and the P50 the and If HDC-401EX the first or of with the from the the internal clock when the turned which the displayed. Follow the instructions below to the and the of to and then YYYY/MM/DD YYYY/MM/DD the of to and then YYYY/MM/DD the month and the Once the Increase and through the items and the Operations Ready
the hours and the Once the Increase and through the items and the YYYY/MM/DD the of to and then YYYY/MM/DD Select the and then YYYY/MM/DD/24 The month, and hours 24-hour this YYYY/MM/DD/12 The month, and hours 12-hour this DD/MM/YYYY/24 The month, and hours 24-hour this DD/MM/YYYY/12 The month, year and hours 12-hour displayed this MM/DD/YYYY/24 The month, year and 24-hour this MM/DD/YYYY/12 The month, and hours 12-hour this Select using and then YYYY/MM/DD the and To To TV Follow the earlier to the and the clock switching the The internal clock backed approximately the and cleared the The and retained the turned off or to the executed. the MENU to the Normal OK the and then The displayed. You from and Playback OK the and then NTSC The displayed. OK P25 Operations Ready
SD Memory Card Also, SD Memory Card SD memory separately) with the HDC-401EX and MB without SD memory as the MB memory. Copying the Memory to the SD Memory Card P8 reference the of and recording Specifications: of Images/Recording and P97 The SD memory to as thememory If memory the memory priority, the from recording to its internal memory or from the memory. Turn off the the memory the battery/SD memory cover the of the arrow. memory the securely the shown hear itclickinto the battery/SD memory cover. Removing the Memory Card the battery/SD memory and the memory once to the Press once. P65 Write-Protecting the Memory Card LOCK LOCK Write-protected memory write-protect switch. If the write-protect switch locked, the Card displayed the LCD this or If to memory that another or the the HDC-401EX If memory the the memory P74 Operations Ready
to the If items and to their follow the below: the MENU to the To Normal OK the to and then appears, prompting to the reversion. To Normal OK Select Yes/No using and then To OK You to from the item Normal White On ISO Sharpness On (Playback to the items other than those specified such as and With these items the priority. Operations Ready
You the LCD or the If the or when to the HDC-401EX of the recommended. the to the or preference, to the LCD or the LCD or the the LCD You to the of You to of flowers, people or other The of accurately. The easily. The clearly when there too or too The than when the used. If to ON (the ON the displayed the To the from the and then ON/OFF The retained the turned off. to the the to ON LCD off The You to the The easily. The clearly when there too Battery lower. the the exactly the as the that actually captured. P25 the LCD the with both and to the If the (red) captured, the the the cover and the switch to the The the and the with both the that the subject(s) the LCD Press the the hear ableepsound. If to ON (the ON), the displayed automatically. Once the displayed, the P30 Operations
the (LCD off) If the located to the (approximately or the the exactly the as the that this it recommended that the LCD the to the the and the switch to the The the Press three to the to the Press three Switching the LCD and the with both the that the subject(s) the the with both and to the Press the the captured, hear If to ON (the ON the automatically. Once the displayed, the If the (red) the flash P31 the Select to the and of The consists of flashes: the and the flash. The amount of light the based the information of the as obtained with the flash. This that the The to the as as The flashes with the which the P15 Red-Eye Reduction this to the of the Forced The flashes. The flash-interlocked (recommended) to the the effective interlocked (recommended) becomes to The this The selected to the once the turned off or to the P25 The selected. selected, the to the that to the selected flash selected. Please to the It approximately seconds to the flash. The the of the and the You the while the P27 If the the If the recommended that the replaced. The Red-Eye Reduction from the Forced The reduction with subject. The the to the or of the the repeatedly to the the the (red) to inform that the the and easily. To with The flashes once the P31 Operations P55
Shooting Shots (Self-Portraits) The of to from the This using the the the switch to switch the LCD to inform that the The approximately to The or It to the they located the of or It recommended that from the If the the to the another selected. the the the and the that actually the the LCD recommended. the the or ISO The effective P29 P28 P55 P57 P62 the You to using the function The effective only the LCD The when another selected, the LCD to the or the the (approximately Since the the of the the function the used. The selected once MENU or MODE or the turned off. P63 the the The the LCD Pressing the to with the Operations
You using the HDC-401EX. played directly the or TV the the the cover and the switch to the The the the MENU The displayed. To Normal OK the using and then To Normal OK The when the memory to below the The white and effective other P31 (Recording Recording MPEG1 sound) Recording MB memory: Approximately seconds MB SD memory seconds The and recording reference the Color) The and the and To the recorded or other playback software the recording (MPEG1) of the HDC-401EX. Press the hear ableepsound and REC the LCD this that the The LCD shows REC and the To the The the P58 P57 P61 P61 Operations
and played the LCD They played the or or Press the switch to the The the Press MODE once to the Playback The displayed playback). Select the the first Playback to or Playback with Select the to Pressing the playback, with the the of the Pressing MENU or MODE or turning off the the Playback Press to the displayed of the Operations
the LCD areas. This useful there to choose from. the Playback the The Playback displayed. shown with Select the Pressing displays playback of the selected Playback Pressing playback. The LCD shows the the to shown with Pressing while the played playback. Pressing playback, with the first Operations
Once the recorded restored. that they really Particularly when the of each Press the switch to the The the Press MODE once to the Playback The displayed playback). the to the first This This To follow the P41 Press the appears, prompting to the Yes/No using and then Selecting the and the to Playback To another and when the displayed. Operations
Press the switch to the The the Press MODE once to the The displayed playback). the Playback MENU to the Playback Protect Copy to OK the Playback using and then The displayed. Protect Copy to OK This Format Select and then appears, prompting to the The OK Select Yes/No using and then Selecting The to the and displayed. Selecting switches the back to the Operations
You the to or them TV. connecting or the to off the and TV first. to the turned off. If the the switch to off the Turn off the the of the the USB the and then the to the the TV. TV Turn the TV and switch the TV input to VIDEO IN. the cover and the Turn the The the TV. To the MODE to Playback the connected If the the terminals to force and The LCD turned off while the connected to TV. Connecting to TV The factory-set TV PAL. To this follow the below. using NTSC: U.S.A., South countries PAL: U.K., Italy, the Thailand, Turn the To Press the switch to the The the Press MENU The displayed. Normal OK the and then The displayed. OK Operations TV
To TV PAL OK To TV NTSC OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the Turn off the The TV selected retained to the or the off. P25 the TV and then TV Once TV the switch to off the to P43 This chapter of the HDC-401EX. You choose to the sections to the functions to Ready the Turning Sound On/Off the the AC the (Recording and Quality the the (Brightness) the White the Sharpness the the the ISO the the Copying the Memory to the SD Memory Card (Copy to SD Card) Protecting the Formatting
the The of the LCD selected from the options below. The of HDC-401EX factory-set to English To the follow the below. English English Chinese1 Chinese2 Spanish The selected retained to the or the turned off. P25 Press MENU to the the using and then The displayed. OK the using and then English Pressing MENU the On English OK Select the using and then The the selection and to the OK OK Operations Ready
Turning Sound On/Off The sound from the turned ON or OFF Press MENU to the Press MENU to the the then The displayed. OK the Sound using and then ON/OFF On English OK English OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The sound ON/OFF selected retained the turned off. to the the to ON P25 the The function to or OK OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The power-off selected retained the turned off. to the the to The function while the connected to the USB the and then The displayed. OK the using and then from or On English On English P25 Operations Ready
the AC AC to the HDC-401EX. or TV or them or otherwise the of of the AC reduces the AC to off the to the turned off. If the the switch to off the Turn off the the AC the DC input the Press the switch to the Turn the You the the with You purchase the AC You CANNOT AA using the AC While the AC connected, from the batteries. The effective while the AC connected. The the connected AC If the the terminals to force and the LCD P50 the (Recording and Quality You (recording and to (Recording ratio Normal (High The and selected retained the turned off. to the to and Quality to (Normal). (Recording and Quality the increased and to the increases and the of that recorded memory, the to to the to the or to them the as attachments. selected as the (recording the of and each Specifications: of Images/Recording and P25 P97 Operations
the Press MENU to the the and then the To Normal OK To Normal OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the the Quality Press MENU to the To OK To OK the Quality and then the Normal Pressing MENU the selected and the the Operations
the the to The and the the selected type this Sports The of to seconds. The The recorded as JPEG Night This only the background from becoming when shooting The to (Red-Eye Reduction, It that to the as as The the The to (Red-Eye Reduction, The the The to Flash). Light This the from becoming when shooting back light or bright background. The to (Forced flash). to Flash). Press MENU to the EV White OK EV White OK The selected to when the turned off or to the executed. P25 the and then the On On Pressing MENU the selected and the the Operations
the (Brightness) The HDC-401EX AE as its the manually EV to EV 0.5-EV the such as when shooting them back light or bright background. Press MENU to the the EV and then the EV EV White On OK EV White On OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The EV selected retained the off. to the the to P25 the White You the white to the light AutoThe the white Used daylight Used weather Used Used lighting Used lighting Press MENU to the EV White OK EV White OK The white selected retained the turned off. to the the to the White and then the white On On Pressing MENU the selected and the the P25 Operations
the Sharpness You the sharpness of High Press MENU to the the Sharpness using and then the sharpness ISO Sharpness OK ISO Sharpness OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The sharpness selected retained the turned off. to the the to P25 the You the of High Press MENU to the ISO Sharpness OK ISO Sharpness OK The selected retained the turned off. to the the to the using and then the Pressing MENU the selected and the the P25 Operations
the You the of Black White Press MENU to the the using and then the ISO Sharpness OK ISO Sharpness OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The selected retained the turned off. to the the to Color). P25 the ISO You the ISO. The ISO of photographic and the to to light. The the ISO the higher the becomes, light The the ISO to ISO to ISO Press MENU to the ISO Sharpness OK ISO Sharpness OK The ISO selected retained the turned off. to the the to P25 the ISO and then the ISO Pressing MENU the selected and the the Operations
the You the with the which they with the function to ON the the JPEG of the the lower-left corner). that this from the information of based Press MENU to the the and then the ON/OFF OK On OK Pressing MENU the selected and the the The selected retained the turned off. to the the to OFF The white which to white background. the function to ON the the P25 the You the self-timer function (which to seconds or seconds). the self-timer used, the from To the the self-timer The quality, white EV, effective when the used. The function once the To another using the the self-timer the the self-timer repeatedly to the The to seconds. The to seconds. to the selected displayed the LCD the and the The (red) and the shown the LCD decreasing, indicating that the self-timer started. the selected the ableepsound to that the Operations
Copying the Memory to the SD Memory Card (Copy to SD Card) You the internal memory MB) to the memory This function when recorded to the internal memory the memory and to the to memory This function effective when the memory. Repeating this operation the to the memory Press MODE to the Playback The displayed playback). the Playback MENU to the Playback Playback Protect Copy to OK Playback Protect Copy to Copy to Copy to the there the memory the that The then displays the Card and copying aborted. the Copy to Card using and then appears, prompting to the OK Yes/No and then Selecting the internal memory to the memory whereupon the the Selecting the and the the To another the from the Operations
You the memory as of or seconds. Press MODE to the The playback). the to Press MENU to the Playback Protect Copy to OK the Playback and then Playback as Pressing the the first displayed the selects the of the OK the playback or and then based the selected playback OK Operations
Protecting You to operation. Press MODE to the The playback). the to protect. If the internal memory or memory the Playback selection easy. Press MENU to the Protect Copy to OK Playback Protect Copy to Select Protect One and then using Protect One Protect OK Protect One Protect OK the Protect using and then The Protect displayed. OK Protect Unlock Protect Pressing MENU the selection, and the the selected, shown playback of the selected Operations
Protecting the Protect Protect and then Protect Protect One Protect Unlock OK Select Unlock using then The and the to the Playback Protect Unlock OK Once the protection the they P74 the You the The selected the than the which normally the the or these operations the as and as Press MENU to the Playback Protect Copy to P39 P74 Press MODE to the The displayed playback). the to as the If the memory or memory using the selection easy. OK Operations
the Playback as using and then The as displayed. as OK Select then as OK Select using and then The to Playback the turned off and then turned the displayed the as To the (the shown the when the first following the and then as the If another as the the first The selected retained the turned off or to the executed. P25 to the internal memory or memory when becomes that and Formatting the internal memory or memory Confirm the of the formatting. The formatting the protected If to memory that other or the the HDC-401EX the formatting. If the turned off the formatting process, the memory/memory correctly. improperly memory function correctly. Protect Copy to Press MODE to the The playback). Press MENU to the Playback OK Operations
the and then The displayed. Playback Protect Copy to OK Select Format and then appears, prompting to formatting. The This Format OK Yes/No and then Selecting formatting, and the to selected, the to the Format This chapter to the HDC-401EX to and the Flow of Copying to the operating of the the HDC-401EX the Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB Copying to the Removing the Uninstalling the HDC-401EX
Flow of Copying to the operating of the 98/98SE the HDC-401EX to the usingthe USB HDC-401EX connected to the the first the New Software displayed. It through the that the the HDC-401EX. and the Copy the to the the the HDC-401EX the P83 P85 the operating of the The the following HDC-401EX to the using the USB the of to the these connecting the OS: Microsoft with USB interface with CD-ROM The OS operation or OS, of the specified P79 The the HDC-401EX connected USB or USB board. You to the HDC-401EX correctly the the peripheral P81 98/98SE Proceed to the HDC-401EX the Proceed to Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB P81 Operations While Connected to the operating of the P79
the HDC-401EX the 98/98SE If 98/98SE, the HDC-401EX the first.Install the HDC-401EX the through the specified below. Once the properly, this from the HDC-401EX to the If Please following URL. If the automatically, this Proceed to Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB the HDC-401EX 98/98SE) Restarting the the to the the software Also, to other the and the CD-ROM with HDC-401EX the CD-ROM The automatically. If the displayed, and HDC-401EX Click HDC-401EX the displayed, Next P81 the completed displayed, the to Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB P81 To the HDC-401EX follow the Uninstalling the HDC-401EX P87 the The ready to the displayed, Next The and when finished the completed displayed. the confirmation) displayed, OK The and the Operations While Connected to the HDC-401EX the
Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB If 98/98SE, the specified the HDC-401EX the HDC-401EX to the P79 connecting the HDC-401EX to the to off the the HDC-401EX to the to the Although the function while the connected to the the off the exhausted. If the turned off while connecting, the correctly or recorded If the to connected to the of of the AC separately) recommended. the AC P51 to the turned off. If the the switch to off the Turn off the The HDC-401EX as the of the USB the USB the and the the USB the Turn the displayed Notes USB The LCD shows USB and and other displayed. The off function to the HDC-401EX from the the USB or the (interface cover, while the HDC-401EX with the Doing the the HDC-401EX, to with the HDC-401EX P85 Press the switch to turn the If HDC-401EX connected to the the first the New displayed. It through the that the the HDC- 401EX. while the completed and the If the New Search displayed, Next and follow the on-screen instructions. the Search Completed displayed, XP, the OS Recovery displayed. Click and then OK Operations While Connected to Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB
Copying to the If 98/98SE, the specified P79 the HDC-401EX the HDC-401EX to the If to using software, recommended that the to location the the HDC-401EX to the using the USB with Connecting the HDC-401EX to the the USB If displayed, Troubleshooting and then the Double-click the DCIM Double-click the IMAGE P81 P89 and This of Specifically, to or using With the the or other shown the the and the while holding the and then release the when the reaches the location. and the location of the the thereby copying the to the the Copy the (red) the continuously. the USB or the (interface cover, MODE MENU while the Doing the to the Formatting The HDC-401EX and to the following XXXIMAGE Consecutive Consecutive to the reaches the the higher the the to to the and then and them to location Operations While Connected to Copying to the P74
Removing the the HDC-401EX, to follow the below. If the or the USB disconnected without following the specified operation, the correctly or the recorded This 98/98SE. the Click the the the to and then Stop Stop clicked, warning with the this to the with the the once the You the displayed, OK This XP. the the to that the with the its (red) Operations While Connected to the
Uninstalling the HDC-401EX The HDC-401EX 98/98SE. Uninstall the HDC-401EX when the necessary. the while the connected to the Also, and then or Select HDC-401EX and then or the Select Uninstall displayed, from the options and then Next the Uninstall displayed, Once clicked, the the Confirm that really to the clicking Troubleshooting Items and Specifications
Troubleshooting Action The correctly. the correctly The Battery exhausted. the with Malfunction of the internal The AC correctly. The The quickly. high or the frequently. The function activated. Turn the The off Battery exhausted. the with The correctly. The high or Battery exhausted. the with The (immediately switching to the Action The Playback Press the MODE to switch to The LCD the The LCD to the the and seconds or the correctly and then the the AC separately) correctly P51 the charged. P11 Press the to switch the LCD Action P17 P17 The P17 P17 The the P15 The button while another recorded. the recording of the finishes The while the charging. the while the Press the MODE to switch to Playback or when the the the or Playback MENU and then The function activated Turn the and the off. The memory the from the internal memory or the memory or the memory with another The write-protect switch the memory Unlock the write-protect switch the (the Card shown memory the LCD The to the to (Red- Reduction (Night or (Forced Flash) The Switch to and then the The too bright. Switch to the forced The too Bring the within the effective flash- interlocked to The covering the the correctly without the covering the Switch to (approximately or The too Bring the within the to or or P11 P33 P39 P23 Troubleshooting P24 P30 P31 P30 P30 P31
Action The to the as to field. affected The or otherwise There enough memory. from the internal memory aborts. Battery exhausted. the with memory Turn off the and the memory recorded to the internal MB memory. the and increases, which the of trailing to the from the the the LCD with Action played. The Playback The HDC-401EX to that another or renamed/manipulated Action The write-protect switch the memory (the Card shown the LCD restored. as or the memory or P39 the memory with another P24 Press the MODE to switch to P11 Unlock the write-protect switch the memory Playback/Capture TV Action displayed the TV. P23 the TV P17 Copying to Action The the displayed, P24 The TV input correctly. the input of the TV to VIDEO IN The properly connected. the from the TV and and then to NTSC Switch to PAL The USB used. the USB the from the and and then to another USB The USB properly connected. Another to the USB peripheral other than the and The HDC-401EX (This when the 98/98SE.) the HDC-401EX The connected to the 98/98SE the HDC- 401EX installed, the properly and to found Other If found Other Devices the entry, the and then the HDC-401EX P44 Troubleshooting P81 P79 P79
Action The the displayed, Another or with the HDC-401EX operation. and to USB found. The USB function and to USB (Universal found. The USB properly connected. The off USB The connected to the USB Battery exhausted. The when with the warning when the The to the operation. To right-click and then Alternatively, and then If USB yellow USB the and then If USB displayed, the USB function the USB function following the instruction the the If USB (Universal or the USB function operating. the USB function properly following the instructions the the from the and and then reconnected the to other USB P81 the directly to the without USB the with Doing the internal that the with the the Follow the operation the Others Action The The LCD temporarily shows or white, red, or appear The The operated (the off, P17 the displayed. P85 to Switch to English These phenomena caused the of the It malfunction. The appear the LCD and recorded. Press the switch the LCD The LCD to the off Press the MODE to switch to the The the the while and then the the memory from the and then securely with another memory and to the the from which purchased the Malfunction of the internal memory Battery exhausted. the with The background white. Since the white the The the The charging to P47 P15 P11 Troubleshooting P23 P17 P32
and Action Card locked! The write-protect switch the memory locked. Card There the internal memory or the memory There that played. Closed The cover closed. Battery exhausted. The protected. Protect Unlock the write-protect switch the memory from the internal memory or the memory or the memory with another the and/or P39 P53 the HDC-401EX. the cover. the with P17 the Items and item Playback To items to their Switch to P24 Normal/ C P23 Sports/ Night Landscape/ Light P55 EV 0.5-EV P57 White Daylight/ On/ ISO ISO100 ISO200 P62 Black White/ P61 High/ Sharpness High/ P69 On the to or This P74 P69 Protect This image/Protect Copy to Copy from the internal memory to the SD memory as the to Playback to the To items to their YYYY/MM/DD YYYY/MM/DD DD/MM/YYYY DD/MM/YYYY MM/DD/YYYY MM/DD/YYYY TV PAL/NTSC P44 P49 Japanese/English/ Italian/Spanish/French/German/ Chinese1 Chinese2 Factory-setting These retained to selected. P27 P35 P25 P33 P52 P52 P58 P27 P60 P59 P63 P65 P15 P67 P72 P20 P21 P47 P50 Troubleshooting/Menu Items and
Specifications Effective CCD Approximately Recording SD memory and MB internal MB memory2 recorded PEG (DCF1.0, EXIF2.2 Recording JPEG ratio Normal (High Recording MPEG1 sound) Recording of recording and Three aspheric to F3.5 LCD TFT LCD, LCD monitor/reverse (field of or to 0.34X) Approx. or to Mechanical to to ISO and ISO Photometry Center-weighted photometry) AE Correction EV to EV 0.5-EV White Auto/Daylight/Cloudy/Tungsten/Fluorescent/Sunset Interlocked (recommended)4 to Red-Eye Reduction Forced Self-timer Auto/Sports/Night Light Playback or Index, off Interface USB (NTSC/PAL switching), DC input (DC A/3.0 V) supply AA separately)), AC Battery (W) (D) (H) and to RH90% or (non-condensing) Dedicated USB CD-ROM, cleaner, AA Recording JPEG MB MB SD ratio memory memory KB Approximately Approximately Normal KB Approximately Approximately KB Approximately KB Normal KB Approximately KB Approximately KB Approximately Normal KB Approximately KB Approximately KB Approximately Normal KB Approximately KB Approximately Battery type AA LR6 1The HDC-401EX with SD memory 2The internal memory effective of MB, already The of images/recording and reference The to the and of the the effective (recommended) to the 5The of and reference the that the the following and played continuously of approximately three seconds They guaranteed. The lower, the or which the used. continuously without flash. repeating the of Checking the secondsCapture seconds. both once the memory Approx. Specifications
the If memory the memory turning the following the instructions SD Memory Card the cover and the Turn off the If using HDC-401EX the first or of with the from the the internal clock when the turned which the displayed. to the and the of to and then the month and the Once the Increase and through the items and the the of to and then the hours and the Once the Increase and through the items and the and then the that the the LCD and then the the captured, ableepsound heard. P23 the and P20 YYYY/MM/DD YYYY/MM/DD YYYY/MM/DD the P35 P27 Press MODE once to the The playback). Select the Playback Press to the displayed of the Playback to or Pressing the while Playback the LCD areas. Each the that and shown the the of each P12