PCS SH-P300
to built the nationwide network with advanced services and clear reaching than people clarity and hear. built to what really from wireless clear sound, and features. with something far-reaching simplify life. advanced to with that to PCS to connected. This with and with PCS through easy-to-follow instructions. If already the which with then ready to the advanced outlined this If to Section One Started. This section the information to and It information to should about service, to purchase products or services, or to account Thank choosing
Introduction to this his to PCS Service and the of Its four Section Started Section Section PCS Service Section and Warranty Information Throughout the that highlight shortcuts and to the of phone and service. The Table of and information quickly. the of each section. to right to to that Follow the instructions that section and ready to phone You this to or If topic the Table of or reference within section to directly to that topic.
Section Started Section Started
Section 1A Service This Section Started With PCS Service his section through the basics of service PCS including and activating and to with PCS Service. Section Started 1A: Service
Started With PCS Service Already Activated If phone the or purchased activated. to If activated, please to the included with Unlocking Follow these to Press and to the phone Press (right about Unlock security the as type. If cant the four of Security or PCS or If of these PCS Customer Service 4PCS Activating To follow the the that included with and phone Section Started 1A: Service
to PCS to phone or turned off. Therefore, to and as as PCS activated. To From the and Follow the to and choose whether to One-Touch Access that to and the to The Affiliate areas. Stop www.sprintpcs.com and to information PCS Service, options and You also: coverage Learn to Access account information Purchase options to service Section Started 1A: Service
PCS Customer Service service to hours www.sprintpcs.com and clicking Directory Service Automated Information phone to information PCS Account. This information includes received, and the amount of and/ or (A and/or charges apply.) To this information: Press This service Affiliate PCS Directory PCS Directory Assistance of services, including business and government with or and information and information. There charge and Press PCS Services PCS Services or to telephone or third party. Press information or to the products and services, www.sprintpcs.com PCS Services Affiliate Section Started 1A: Service
Section Section
Section 2A PCS The This Section the of SH-P300 Turning ON and OFF the Battery and Information the the Switch PCS to and PCS with features that and to connected to the people and information that to This section through the basics of and to Section 2A: PCS The
The the other sounds when the the Switch: Used to to incoming Jack: optional Light brightness. You this function to the or reduce the when when the phone of or to the backlight to the light hear the and Section 2A: PCS The
LED light): Flashes and when incoming flashes while when charging completed, the Cursor Scrolls through the History The shortcut to selected and the right to the Pressing the of the Cursor the top Soft (right): the (option) to the right the 10.MSG: the This functions as the the and displays. 11.END/POWER: and to the the when incoming or the phone ON and OFF. Allows to clear characters from the and to back to the previous 13.Microphone: You should this microphone. 14.TALK: Three-Way Calling and the Browser. This as the the and displays. 16.Soft the (option) to the the Used to the Flashes when incoming Sounds tone when when the or the other partys when to ON. Section 2A: PCS The
20.Charge Used to charge the phone the optional Used to the to the to PC. the Screen This the shows strength. The the lights lights downloading. PCS Service active; (flashing): (flashing): PCS Service PCS Service the to ON. Press and to PCS both and PCS off the Nationwide PCS Network. shows the of charge. The the (While flashes) the Location ON. the Location OFF. phone the Section 2A: PCS The
know when off the Nationwide PCS Soft You the or which the of the the right). this the selecting such menus/options as shown below: Press (It Press the (left/right) to of SH-P300 Congratulations the purchase of PCS SH-P300. This lightweight, easy-to-use, and offers features and service options: to other PCS where implemented roaming PCS SM to the wireless PCS Short and PCS and text PCS offers wireless PCS Command SM phone or the their phone Downloadable allow to with to to POP3 accounts and the the the the Section 2A: PCS The
New function to sounds or to the phone from function the the the to Each phone numbers, and function to and and to of scheduled T9 text input the of characters and the to the text function and playback Turning ON and OFF Turning ON the to the reception. Press and LED lights red. Once phone ON, it displays Service... indicating that phone searching phone the At this ready to and If to of searching, activated. found, phone to phone searches without intervention. You initiate search PCS Service (when phone turned ON). Section 2A: PCS The
The to when where there Turning OFF Press and off the while off the the Battery Battery Capacity PCS with Lithium battery. It allows to recharge The approximately hours of or approximately of there approximately of the the warning appears and the sounds the completely the warning appears and the phone sounds Thirty seconds the phone searching service, and the batterys and to charge and to the Battery PCS with battery. Follow these to the to the cover. the cover both to the where and the as B. Section 2A: PCS The
the the that the the and the the While the the the the top of the cover the of the While the cover C, with the and the of the cover hear catch. To the cover the E. Finally, the cover securely closed. Section 2A: PCS The C
Removing the Battery Follow these easy to the battery: the off that or the to the cover. the cover both to the where and the as B. the and and Charging the Battery PCS with rechargeable battery. You should charge the as as track of batterys charge If becomes too phone off and the information of the charge located the of If the charge too the and the sounds the optional or the optional vehicle to charge battery. Section 2A: PCS The
Warning!: the charger to phone and the warranty. the Charger To the charger with the cover of the charger the other of the charger the of with the Charging when turned The and LED lights while charging the lights and LED Charging when phone turned off: LED lights while charging LED With the phone switched off, about to recharge completely battery. With the Sprint-approved battery, to recharge the becomes completely charging the the the that or with the shock, malfunction or the phone from such as charging to interference with reception. Section 2A: PCS The
and Information PCS You or the of the software, PRL (Preferred and PCS To phone and information: From the to the Highlight Info and Press to to the the PCS with function which the phone from operating when such as when the while it switched To switch ON: From the and the of the OR From the Highlight and To switch OFF: Press While the displayed, Switching this function the operation of the and the to the when OK OK Release Section 2A: PCS The
the Switch PCS operating which the and received. You the the switch the or and easy to to and The the three switch (top), and Normal the switch or to switch or of the appear the You Office, or within the You the the from the the other with ID sounds High+ Telephone Office Telephone High+ Normal High American If Office/Private of selected, phone assigned to Office/Private Section 2A: PCS The
PCS to If PCS to to or when service to To switch to Airplane From the the of the to the top Highlight and Highlight Airplane and OK Press Highlight ON and lights the To switch Airplane OFF: At highlight OFF and off from the should follow instructions the PCS OK OK OK OK Section 2A: PCS The
and PCS offers to including PCS Command SM and History To phone (If while to Press and to the Press roaming and warning Press to proceed. Charges Guard finished, To outgoing off the Nationwide PCS Section 2A: PCS The OK
phone If phone off, to the PCS of incoming the following The phone and/or The LED flashes. The The displays incoming and animation. If the of the displayed. If the the entrys displayed. You the following when Press to incoming Press to the the or to the Press to the incoming (To when roaming and to the Charges Guard If phone off, incoming to To the OK Section 2A: PCS The
Conversation Whether to hear or of the the or Missed incoming answered, the Missed displayed To the Missed Highlight Missed and To the Missed entrys Highlight the and Calling Emergency You to phone or account restricted. and finished, Press to the option Highlight Emergency and Highlight and With You with with such as or numbers. If the of If the of seconds. You phone and and Section 2A: PCS The OK OK OK
To with the Press to the option Highlight [P] or [T] and displayed as P and as T. numbers. finished, with to the of numbers. displayed when the To option: Press to the option Highlight of options and to the to the phone New Entry to to the of the [P] to With [T] to With In-Call the following options To option, highlight of options and Turn ON to microphone. Select Turn OFF to the microphone. OK OK Section 2A: PCS The OK
Calling to third party. Three-Way to hear the from the the back of the Warning!: to higher the phone ear Speakerphone It recommended that this function Scratch to of the phone of End-of-Call from or the phone (or the and the of the displayed. You the following options while the phone displayed. To option, highlight of the options and to the phone to the the The End-of-Call options as ID or Restricted. Section 2A: PCS The OK
Section 2B Phones This Section the Phones the the the the the the Clock the the Location Information the the to or Reduced the of the his section to to these options and or the that right Section 2B: Phones
the Phones the and Normal and the To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight and the or to and OK You the the or while the or Alarm/Schedule To the alarm/schedule From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight and the or to and OK Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight and the or to and OK You the of tone (sounds when turn the with this From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight Tone and the or to and OK To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
Highlight and the or to and OK You the the or incoming and You assign to New Entry of and of type the and Normal and the right to Selecting PCS of options which allow to To type when type of the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight of items within with ID ID or OK Press Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight and Highlight type and or Highlight Downloads and highlight of the downloaded downloaded and If chosen type that allows the highlight and Highlight and Selecting To type From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight or and Highlight and Highlight type and or Highlight Downloads and highlight of the and If chosen type that allows the highlight and Highlight and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
phone with the following options to of whats sounding the Service the to ON or OFF, to know when PCS Service and to the to ON or OFF to when the to ON or OFF to when PCS that every This To or sounds: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Sounds and Highlight and Highlight Service or and OK Highlight option ON or OFF and You the wallpaper the to From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight Wallpaper and Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight of items from Wallpaper or Wallpaper and or Highlight Downloads and highlight of the and If the wallpaper highlighted. the or to other wallpapers. Press to selection. Three To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and the To the the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and the or right to and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
the This the these options. Screen the ON when turning the OFF when turning the phone off. Screen right to Screen To From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight Screen and Highlight or and or Highlight Downloads and highlight of the downloaded and If the highlighted. the or to other Press to selection. The seconds to the and another the Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK
OFF To the off animation: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight ON or OFF and Highlight or and If the highlighted. the or to the other animation. Press to selection. Follow these From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and or Highlight Downloads and highlight of the and If the highlighted. the or to other animations. Press to selection. OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
the the backlight the and buttons. the Bright The backlight the and To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight Bright and Highlight option or OFF and OK If choose from to seconds the of the backlight and backlight the batterys and the Light This the backlight, to surrounding light Follow these From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight Light and Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight option ON or OFF and the Battery the Battery function the brightness of the backlight and Follow these From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight option ON or OFF and the and whether to the backlight continuously while the and JAVA applications. Follow these From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight Backlight and Highlight Applications and Highlight option ON or OFF and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
the The to characters and the the To From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight option or Custom and If chose chose Custom the and the This restricting the the To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight option ON or OFF and the Clock You choose the clock the from OFF displayed), or To the clock Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight Clock and Highlight clock and the incoming the back of the phone to You from the following items to the Bright the to the To the From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and the Bright To the bright From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
Highlight and Highlight Bright and Highlight bright and Editing the To From the the of the to the top the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight to and The that displayed from the top. the or to the to the or right to finished editing, the Location Information This allow to whether GPS- Location activated optional location-based services offered the Nationwide PCS If choose to the option, the Nationwide PCS Network location the Location This when placed, then back off when the completed. To Location: From the the of the to the top Select the and Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight Location and the the shown. OK Press Highlight ON and the the shown. OK Press To this highlight OFF (ALI) (E911) This allows to incoming or the Cursor and Down). To this From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Others and Highlight and Highlight ON and To this highlight OFF OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones OK OK
This the to to seconds. This with the headset purchased To this From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Others and Highlight HS and Highlight and the of seconds from to the and OK To this highlight OFF the the Switch to the the of the the and other Also, the to the of the the Switch From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Others and Highlight and Highlight from Office or and Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
the to or Reduced the of phone or the when of the of or other To this From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Others and Highlight Light and Highlight option ON or OFF this and OK This the and Normal and the Clicking Information? displays information about this the first turn phone the English. To the to Spanish: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Others and Highlight and Highlight and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2B: Phones
selected, text input to Spanish Characters the There items that English only, such as the clock To the while browsing the the and then PCS phone off and back To the back to English: From the the of the to the top the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight English and Section 2B: Phones OK OK OK OK
Section 2C Phones Security This Section Accessing the Security Unlocking the Calling the of Restricting the the Security PCS SM the security PCS of without flexibility. With options phone to Section 2C: Phones Security
Accessing the Security You to the Security The consists of four and the the four of ESN the activating and then the four of phone To the Security From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Security and (Press to the If the four of Security ESN or PCS or If of these PCS Customer Service 888-211-4PCS(4727). locked, or to PCS Customer Service or numbers. other of the To From the Security highlight and preference, highlight or On and to immediately. On to phone the turned Press OK Section 2C: Phones Security OK OK OK OK
Unlocking To From the If to the On highlight Unlocked instead the previously. the To From the Security highlight and Calling You to and to when To outgoing To or PCS Customer Service the and the of to connecting to the To lock the of From the Security highlight and Highlight ON and To highlight OFF Unlock OK OK Section 2C: Phones Security OK
phone to received. To function: From the Security highlight and Highlight ON and To highlight OFF Restricting You which phone from or (The apply to or PCS Customer Service To From the Security highlight and Highlight or Incoming and Highlight option and Allow You or (Deactivate this PhoneBook only: and to or only: three to or Restricted incoming to Section 2C: Phones Security OK OK OK OK OK
You three to (the both You and from when locked. To or From the Security highlight and Highlight the where would to the and OK the phone or OK Press then highlight and the to search the and highlight the then OK OK Press To the highlight and There options associated with numbers. the You to the while the On when the switched to the Once switch back to the the numbers. From the Security highlight and Highlight ON to switch to or OFF to and OK You switch to the while searching the Highlight the Section 2C: Phones Security OK OK
the This function the and To the From the Security highlight and If to highlight OK and OK To highlight This function phone and to the factory To From the Security highlight and If to highlight OK and OK To highlight Security PCS SM PCS with that to to PCS services. This PCS Services without to type You to www.sprintpcs.com Then, when the choose whether the phone should that each to PCS Services. To phone PCS each to PCS services: From the the of the to the top Section 2C: Phones Security OK OK
Select the and Highlight and Highlight Prompt and Highlight Prompt and To phone PCS each to PCS Services: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight Prompt and Highlight and If PCS the and OK and of PCS Services You of PCS Services without turning off however to PCS Services, including and charges associated with PCS Services. While or phone and other services. You To of PCS Services: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and appear. Press to that to OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2C: Phones Security
To to PCS Services: From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and appear. Press OK PCS necessary. Section 2C: Phones Security OK OK OK
Section 2D This Section Phones Charges the to or while off the Nationwide PCS PCS anywhere the Nationwide PCS Network and allows to PCS CDMA where wireless service This section roaming as as that roaming Section 2D:
the know when off the Nationwide PCS Network and roaming the when off the Nationwide PCS Network, You higher roaming Other PCS CDMA Networks roaming other PCS CDMA and security to the when while the Nationwide PCS Network. You to features, such as PCS If when the Nationwide PCS Network and where roaming If where think PCS Service phone off and to to the Nationwide PCS Network. Phones PCS allows to to the option, which phone Choose from phone to roaming From the the of the to the top OK Select the and Section 2D:
Highlight and Highlight and Highlight or and This PCS Service. PCS Service the searches This allows to the Nationwide PCS Network and roaming other Charges to the roaming when roaming charges apply. This easy to roaming charges when or roaming It to or roaming These when or while the Nationwide PCS To Turn the On or From the the of the to the top Select and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight ON or OFF and and when roaming with Section 2D: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
To With On: From the the (You initiate from the History or Press (or highlight and displays. OK Press to proceed. To Incoming With On: Press OK Press to proceed. Section 2D: OK
Section 2E Through This Section Navigation the Navigation the Top Shortcuts Checking the the Procedure his section to PCS Every function and through to learn around. to Section 2E: Through
Navigation PCS allows to through and easily. To through the From the (Soft Highlight option the or The OK Press (Soft Selecting Items through the options highlighted. Select option highlighting and (Soft to incoming From the Highlight History and (It already highlighted.) the to highlight Incoming and If they displayed from the OK or You the that to the option the Press to Incoming Within To to the previous Press To to the Press Section 2E: Through OK OK
the or phone The following shows History Incoming Missed Calls/Incoming Calls/Missed New Entry GroupName Services Cust Assist/Account Command/SprintOperator Clear Count Downloads All/Games/Ringer-Audio/Screen Applications/Other/vCard/vCalendar Downloads New Short Notifications Section 2E: Through
Sounds off/Vibrate/Low/Medium High/High/High Low/Medium/ High/High/High Low/Medium/Medium High/High Tone Low/Medium/Medium High/High Low/Medium Low/Medium/Medium High/ High with ID/No Service ON/OFF ON/OFF ON/OFF ON/OFF Wallpaper Wallpaper Wallpaper/Downloads White Screen Downloads ON OFF Standard/Downloads Bright Light ON/OFF Battery ON/OFF Applications OFF Name/Custom ON/OFF Clock OFF/7 Colors/Orange/Green/Blue/Yellow/ Blue/Purple/White/Original Bright Fast/Medium/Slow Section 2E: Through
ON/OFF Prompt Prompt/Never ON/OFF ON/OFF Security Unlocked/Lock ON/OFF ON/OFF Allow All/PhoneBook only/Special only Incoming Allow All/PhoneBook only/Special only ON/OFF Airplane ON/OFF Text Others ON/OFF HS Meeting/Outdoor/Office/Private Light ON/OFF Info Services ON/OFF Charge ON/OFF Add/Release Silent/Low/Medium/High PIM Clock Scratch Section 2E: Through
Shortcut Schedule/Call History/Downloads/Phone Recorder/Jukebox/Notepad Navigation the Top You the phone operations selecting the Top The Top initially consists of the the the upward, or right with the the functions related to the selected appear. Select the the function to and (Soft The following shows the Top (POP3) Notifications Short Downloads Downloads Section 2E: Through OK
with Top From the the of the Select the the function to and (Soft the Top the the (Soft Right). Shortcuts You shortcut to function that directly to that function with of the or Shortcut To store/change Shortcut: From the to the Highlight Shortcut and Highlight the function to which and Shortcut Shortcut to function: From the the PCS features function to when the appears showing the information the selected allowing to the information without to Information the OK, Notice or and to the of operation. The seconds or when OK OK OK Section 2E: Through OK CLNDR
Checking the the Procedure This function displays of operations. This function allows to the operation when the From the to the Highlight and or to the information the to finished the operation Section 2E: Through OK OK
Section 2F History This Section History History From History History History effectively. It of from PCS and This section through and the of History. Section 2F: History
History History It of the or placed, or History redialing and It as to the of the and the from the of the the and the and type of appear once the To History From the to the Highlight History and Highlight Incoming or Missed and OK History information and options highlight History and This the option of selecting: to the to the phone the to the of the to to the of the to the entry. If history entry, prompted whether to the or This or Section 2F: History OK
From History To from History: From the to the Highlight History and Highlight Incoming or Missed and OK Highlight the to through the Press or Press TALK You from History to as ID or Restricted. only through History To History History To History: From the to the Highlight History and Highlight and Highlight Incoming Missed or and OK Highlight and OK OK OK OK Section 2F: History
Section 2F: History
Section 2G the This Section Selecting Character Text Copy/Cut/Paste Option Text New Entry from Memory Location Editing the to Directly from Entry PCS Services the basics that to with people and information. This section the of and effectively when trying to with the people life. Section 2G: the
Selecting Character PCS to and whenever prompted to text when To the character input text field, the of the Each the the input from with (ABC) lowercase T9 Word You switch the input and lowercase pressing The currently selected shown the of the Characters T9 Text T9 Text text PCS once (To the T9 Word when Selecting Character T9 Text the and (The as type.) If the the (or the or to through selections. To and If to character. Press and to Each the input from T9 Word T9 WORD T9 lowercase). information about T9 Text their www.T9.com Section 2G: the
Characters the To characters the the Selecting Character Press the the character appears. the first of and following lowercase. Characters the following Back-space clear and and and and and and pressing and and and and One-character-shifted 0,Next(T9 and character the to the seconds or when character the the to Spanish the characters the following Back-space clear and and and and Section 2G: the
and and and and and and One-character-shifted 0,Next(T9 and To text field, to the option Highlight and Highlight the and or Highlight the that includes the using the then the to the of the the Text PCS text and they edited. To text field, to the option Highlight Text and Highlight text OK Press Section 2G: the OK OK OK
Editing Text To text From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight Text and Highlight and Highlight the to and the text and Highlight and PCS and they edited. To text field, to the options Highlight and Highlight Press OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2G: the
Editing To From the the of the to the top the and Highlight Text and Highlight and Highlight the to and the and Highlight and Copy/Cut/Paste To Copy/Cut/Paste: text field, to the option Highlight Copy and the to the of the section to and the to the of the section to and Copy Press or Press to the option Highlight and the to the location where to the text and Section 2G: the OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Option Text Copy from:: Searches the and then the Text from text Smileys:): Copy Selects text and the selected that the text input without the New Entry PCS to numbers, URL, and To From the the to Press to the option Highlight and Highlight the phone type and Highlight and the and Select and Items that Can the the information and or Press OR From the to the OK OK OK OK OK Next OK Section 2G: the
Highlight and Highlight New Entry and Highlight and and Highlight and the and Highlight the type and Select and Items that Can the below.) the information and or Press You include If the when to ON, the as the Items that Can the You the following items the Used to to phone numbers. Once Home, Office, or as the You switch Normal and Priority pressing Soft right. from that phone numbers, this function the as the Priority Once Home, Office or as the Section 2G: the OK OK OK OK OK Next OK OK Next OK
You to This classifying the You to group. to type. Selecting the type. Selecting allows to type of choice. The when type which specified. Selecting the Selecting allows to of choice. the Bright The bright when which bright specified. the Downloads. the type. URL: URL to characters). to characters) with and Address: to characters). Once Home, Office or as the Entry #s: and the the lowest displayed. Entry to and search If the lowest as that Section 2G: the
There to Follow the outlined the sections below to from the You search the You the or following these the right to the the first of the to the that with the or Press to the of Highlight and To its group: the right to the Press Highlight Search and Highlight and the or to highlight and Highlight and Section 2G: the OK OK OK OK
Entry To its the right to the Press Highlight Search and Highlight Entry and the of or Press or the or to the of and highlight scrolling. Press OK While Searching The following options while searching Press to the option highlight of the then OK Search the search to Group, or Entry #s. New Entry: New Entry the the Group: to Count the of the and the of that the to OK OK Section 2G: the
Search highlight and to the of the selected entry. Then Highlight of the options and OK OK the (If the as the Priority called.) or as entry. Entry: the Editing the Entry: the attached to or to URL to the URL. Entry You this to the of that too to the entry, the or to the item to the Press You displayed. If seconds while item selected, the of the that the Section 2G: the
from Memory Location You the below to directly from the To from the Search the and the or to highlight the to or Search and the the to Press Editing the You the below to the information the To the Search the and then the or to highlight the to or Search the and the the to Press Highlight Entry and the entry. New Entry OK Section 2G: the
To from the the to Press to the option Highlight Entry and Highlight and to You of choice to each of the To assign From the to the Highlight and Highlight GroupName and Highlight and or the and Unfiled, and Office edited. With this to with To From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Section 2G: the OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight and and phone and OR From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight From PhoneBook and Search the Highlight and Highlight phone and To From the and the that to the memory location approximately seconds. OR From the the and then when roaming with of the numbers, and highlight of the options, then From PhoneBook to the from the Entry to the OK Next OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2G: the
Directly from Entry You to phone to the of the To and OR the and the four or to the that with the four or To the four or of entrys and If than matches the four or highlight the the or and then or PCS Services You and easily of the services selecting the Services option. To service: From the to the Highlight and Highlight Services and Highlight Cust Account Info Command or and Press Section 2G: the TALK OK OK OK
Section 2H This Section the the PCS as of PCS as the Downloaded PCS with information to These phone that with and You PCS to yourself, productivity to whole Section 2H:
the service to the and to from AM, to PM, To the manually: From the to the Highlight and Highlight PIM and Highlight Clock and the and input the and Press the Soft right to switch AM and PM. Press OK If service the manually. the to of or to You to You to of selected or of the The as red. To From the the of the to the top Press to the CLNDR Press to the option Highlight ON/OFF and Section 2H: OK OK OK OK
To highlight the and To of the highlight One and of the highlight the of the and OK Press to the and to the Press and to month through the To as From the to the option Highlight ON/OFF and Highlight the to and Highlight One or the of the and To From the to the option Highlight and Highlight and to the and of To From the the of the to the top Press to the CLNDR Highlight the to to. Press to the option Highlight New Entry and OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2H:
Highlight of the following and Summary: required) summary of to characters). and selected. the and selected instead of The the highlighted the and the and The the following the highlighted the and the of the sounds and the type. You switch the OFF. The Repeating Select One Monthly or Yearly. the of the where the to characters). of to characters). URL: the URL of related to the to characters). Press to the Those which highlighted to ON, to the as the Section 2H: OK
the There PCS of The sounds. animated displayed. The backlight lights and the displayed. To the Stop Press or of the Press to the URL while the sounds. switch the PCS off, the turned and the sounds. or while the operates when the The tone seconds. To scheduled From the the of the to the top CLNDR Press to the Those which highlighted Highlight the to and The that appears. Highlight of the from the Highlight the item to and To URLs, instead of highlight URL and then OK Section 2H:
You the from monthly to From the Highlight WEEK Press To to the monthly from the Highlight MONTH Press OK Editing Items To From the highlight the to Press to option Highlight and Highlight the item to and then the Press Highlight and To From the highlight the to and Highlight One or and If chosen highlight and If chosen the and then highlight and OK the selected the selected that and to the to Section 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
On monthly and displays, the following options options each New Entry: to the WEEK the to MONTH: the to monthly the of the Editing Items the selected the selected the (Displayed monthly ON/OFF: ON and OFF. selected or the with the selected as the function. URL to the URL. Section 2H:
the You the to to New PCS and to items. To to From the to the Highlight and Highlight PIM and Highlight and Press to the option Highlight New Entry and Highlight Summary and summary to characters) and Select summary type of the and Highlight or and the the the when the off and the tone used. Press Recording the Completion of To PCS that completed From the highlight the completed and Press the and when completed the and then OK Press the Soft right to switch AM and PM. Section 2H: OK OK OK OK OK Next OK OK
the Reached There PCS of which recorded the specified summary and the backlight the LCD. If the sounds and the PCS the specified To clear the Summary Press or of the switch the PCS off, the phone turned and the summary displays. or while the summary displayed when the The summary seconds. You the of selecting the the To the From the highlight the to and information the Summary than and isnt completely displayed, highlight the Summary and to the entry. If seconds while selected, the that appear the Section 2H:
Editing To From the highlight the to and Press Highlight and Highlight the item to and the item and Press Highlight and the To the the displayed: From the Highlight and Highlight or and Shows the Shows Shows completed To From the highlight the to and Highlight One or and the selected only the completed the Highlight and Section 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
or to the to the highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK New Entry: New the of Editing the the displayed. the the selected the completed the or the with the selected as the function. Section 2H:
PCS as You PCS as recording You to each consisting of to characters. New and Editing Existing To or existing From the to the Highlight and Highlight PIM and Highlight and Highlight the to or Press and highlight Then OK or Press and OK the and Highlight the to to and Items You selecting the the To From the highlight the to and OK If seconds while selected, the appears the Section 2H: OK OK OK OK
the highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK or New and Editing Existing entry. of as and PCS The Scratch function to items. Information the Scratch To phone the Highlight Scratch and and Scratch updated as to the of the and the from the of the Scratch Items You Scratch selecting the the Scratch To Scratch From the to the then highlight and Highlight Scratch and To the highlighted entry, OK OK OK Section 2H:
Scratch Scratch highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK the recorded phone the recorded phone the the of the recorded Prepend: to the of the recorded numbers. One to the entry. to PCS as You PCS as You the to off the or the You to New To From the to the Highlight and Highlight PIM and Highlight and Highlight the of the to and OK Highlight Entry and Highlight and Highlight or and The sounds the specified and You specify and Section 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK
The sounds the specified every You specify The sounds the specified the specified every You specified the of the and the You than of the Highlight or and to displayed when the sounds to characters). the type. the function to ON or OFF. Highlight and There PCS when the specified reached. sounding the and the the LCD. the animation. To the Press or of the If the function the sounds Stop To the function: Press when sounds. Highlight and OR the of the Press Highlight and OK OK OK OK Section 2H:
switch the PCS off, the phone turned and the sounds. The tone seconds. Canceling or To or From the highlight the to or and OK Highlight Release or and Canceling (releasing) the the phone with built-in function. To this follow these easy From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Press the to (multiply) the Cursor the Cursor the Cursor the Cursor right: Press the Cursor the from to and Section 2H: OK OK OK
Clear the displayed Press and to clear the as amount including the inclusive specified the to highlight of the options and then OK Copy: the displayed the such as vCard-format and from to the type. recalled, attached to and functions such as the tone or wallpaper. That Can to or to MB of below the that used, the of that and the to the types. Section 2H:
type Function JAD CMX Text Text 13K QCELP QCP PNG, JPEG, PNG, BMP, JPG, Wallpaper, WBMP, GIF GIF A-GIF GIF Applications JAD Other CMX PMD CMX (Text) PMD CMX Text) Unknown Other VCF VCS and Section 2H: PMD, with ID, ID,
the below to back or You and the To back: From the to the Highlight Downloads and Highlight Screen Other or Applications and Highlight the to and Ringer-Audio: back seconds animated Other: back animations. the Applications the the Playback or animated the or the the the as shown below. the Cursor right: Increase the Cursor Decrease the Cursor tone the Cursor tone to to Soft right: Increase Soft Decrease Stop playback and to previous OK OK Section 2H:
Specifying You which functions the played back. That Can Specifying the functions that Press (the of the while the played back. Apply Highlight the function to assign to the and the selected function, of the following operations Wallpaper: If the than and high, the to the section of the that displayed. Then If the than and high, the to the section of the that displayed. Then the to and Highlight the to and the To the Apply Press while the to played back. Select the function to and or the to and the function, the function to their Section 2H: Apply Apply OK OK OK OK
You the of the and the or To the Downloads highlight and Highlight the or and then Highlight the item and Highlight the and To the Downloads highlight and OK Highlight the or and then Highlight the item or and then Highlight the or and then indicated You the the While or displayed, and highlight of the options. Then to the while displayed). the (only while displayed). OK OK Section 2H: OK OK
the when displayed). URL to the URL the to the while displayed). To From the the the highlight the to and Highlight and Highlight and the the Connecting to Related You to the related the and To to related the Downloads the containing the related to to and Highlight New and Highlight and the highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK Memory the memory of the highlighted playback or animation. LED: LED playback. playback. Section 2H: OK OK OK OK OK
While the showing the displayed, highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK Apply To:: or Specifying the highlighted the to characters). Property: information. the to and the Guard: to when OK (Invocation) connecting], NG (Invocation) connecting to OK to or NG to Information: to URL where Storefront: to URL or other services. Info: the information of the selected Downloaded You phone to the the There playback including playback, and the If includes or they played back the as the You to the from the or as first and then the from the information Specifying Section 2H:
played the which they the To From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and playback, to to the of the or to to the Press the of the to playback. At the of each played, the of appears. You the to played or while the displayed. The playback If the the than the first when the If the playback the than playback the There or High. To the the highlight and the or to the and the the first played that seconds. OK Section 2H: OK OK OK OK
the Playback to playback the and To the playback the highlight or Charge and OK playback the the played the Charge playback when charging Highlight ON and the You rearrange the the To rearrange the the highlight and Highlight and the or to the selected to the location and and to rearrange other finished rearranging the the the highlight and Then highlight of the options and OK the Specifying Release: the selected from the (The from the OK OK OK OK OK Section 2H:
Section 2H:
Section 2I Phones Services This Section to Recording his section the features associated with Service. The easy-to-follow instructions to and Section 2I: Phones Services
to Command SM to phone PCS Phone. phone to To to From the Follow the and the entrys microphone. to You to To From the to the Highlight Services and Highlight and Highlight and The to the to the and then the to the repeating the the and Record and without the of accessory. Section 2I: Phones Services OK OK OK
From the to the Highlight Services and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight the and Starting with the selected entry, recorded To From the to the Highlight Services and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight the and While the recorded plays, Highlight YES and To From the to the Highlight Services and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight YES and OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK Section 2I: Phones Services
Recording PCS You to seconds To From the to the Highlight Services and Highlight and Press and then the Recording seconds or when Highlight and The displayed. You Press To recording, the recording Recorded assigned to the Section 2I: Phones Services OK OK OK
Section 2J This Section Specifying the the the Font Composing and New You Composing New Checking the of Editing and the Screen Incoming Replying to Incoming Incoming the Incoming Screen Incoming Incoming his section to the and and This allow to effectively with and business Section 2J:
Specifying the You to and when purchase PCS Select the to the and specifying the To specify the From the to the Highlight and If to Highlight and Highlight and Highlight Empty and If service listed, highlight the service and The following the OK POP3 Account: the POP3 account and Next POP3 POP3 and Next SMTP Account: the SMTP account and Next SMTP SMTP and Next Address: and Highlight and OR If service listed, highlight New Entry... and OK and to characters). The following displayed the Section 2J: OK OK OK Entry OK Next
POP3 Address: the the POP3 POP3 Account: the POP3 account POP3 POP3 APOP Auth: Specify whether APOP authentication ON or OFF when SMTP Address: the the SMTP Authentication: Specify whether SMTP authentication ON or OFF when SMTP Account: the SMTP account (only when Authentication to ON). SMTP SMTP when Authentication to ON). Address: and Highlight and Press to the and to the the as the specified when first and To the From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight the with the to and Highlight the to and the OK OK OK OK OK Section 2J:
POP3: the POP3 the POP3 below.) SMTP: the SMTP the SMTP Reply To: the to which to characters). whether (ON) or (OFF) when If ON, to characters). whether the and text of (ON) or (OFF) to that Press the POP3 as the specified the that to the To the POP3 the highlight POP3 and Highlight the to and Address: the of the POP3 the the POP3 (The Account: the POP3 account the POP3 APOP Auth: whether APOP authentication ON or OFF when the (The KB.) whether received the (ON) or (OFF). (The ON.) Section 2J: OK OK
the timeout POP3 (The Press Highlight and the SMTP as the specified the that to the To the SMTP the highlight SMTP and Highlight the to and Address: the of the SMTP the of the SMTP (The SMTP Auth: whether SMTP authentication ON or OFF when Account: the SMTP account when SMTP Auth to ON). the SMTP when SMTP Auth to ON). Timeout: the timeout SMTP (The Press Highlight and the highlight the and Then highlight of the options and the Select Selects the OK OK OK OK Section 2J: OK
the Font You the below to the of the displayed text within the and To the From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight Font and Highlight or and Composing and New the below to and You the of the and the while writing To From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight and Press and the or the to characters) and To highlight the and Then and the to to the Highlight and and to characters). If to to the highlight and Section 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK
Highlight the to and Select the from Highlight and and to characters). Press Press to Stop to and the displayed. Press and and the displayed. Checking the of the You Composing You the below to the of while writing To the of While writing the Highlight and Press to to the You Composing New The options when writing whether the the the text or the the Screen the and highlight of the Then the writing. Allows to the of the writing. Checking the of the You OK OK OK Section 2J:
the writing the the the highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK from the from the Address: from Address. Address: the selected to To: the to To. to the to to the to Text Entry the or and highlight of the options. Then Copy from:: text from the or Text from text Copy or the selected the or the the writing and the Section 2J: OK
the Checking the while and highlight of the Then OK the writing the to the To the the Address the New Entry Checking the of to of outgoing the which allows to the of the You and outgoing or the of outgoing the and URL or the To the of outgoing From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight the outgoing to and The displayed the outgoing and below. (OK The successfully. (NG The successfully. Shows that attached. that attached. (Protect Indicates that the protected. (To Indicates that the the To: used. OK OK Section 2J:
Indicates that the the used. Indicates that the the used. which the the of the exceeded, the protected The the If the the the displayed. the While Displayed If there URL, or the of outgoing or the the following operations: the Press or while the displayed. the attached Highlight the attached and to the and URL: Highlight the URL and to the selected Highlight the and to Highlight the and Then Section 2J:
Editing and You outgoing and then the edited To the outgoing highlight the to and or Press the outgoing Highlight and the and To outgoing the outgoing highlight the outgoing to and Highlight One or and the selected outgoing Select outgoing Highlight the outgoing to and this selected the outgoing to and then the outgoing Highlight and If to protected outgoing appears. Highlight and You the displayed outgoing from the the outgoing OK Select OK OK Section 2J: OK
the You the below to the the outgoing and the which outgoing displayed. the To the outgoing the outgoing and Highlight and Highlight and Select Subject(1Line) or and the of outgoing Subject(1Line): the of outgoing the of outgoing the To the which outgoing displayed: the outgoing and Highlight and Highlight and Select or Protect and outgoing from the outgoing alphabetic outgoing whether or Protect: outgoing whether protected or unprotected. Section 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK
the outgoing highlight the outgoing and Then highlight of the options and OK the outgoing Editing and Protect: Protects the outgoing Select Protect to the the outgoing Select outgoing the outgoing To the the Address: field the New Entry If there the to the from the the the outgoing the Screen Section 2J:
the outgoing checking and highlight of the Then the outgoing Editing and Protect: Protects the outgoing Select Protect to the the outgoing To the the Address: field or URL, or included the the New Entry If there the to the from the and or New the below to whether the and to the To From the to the Highlight and Highlight New and appears the To reception, If there attached to they to Section 2J: OK OK OK
Incoming to incoming the You the of from the You to incoming and to or from the checking To the of incoming From the to the Highlight and Highlight Inbox and Highlight the incoming to and The displayed the incoming screen and below. (Unread Indicates that the received read. Indicates that the already read. Indicates that there attached to the (Unsupported Indicates that there that played attached to the (Protect Indicates that the protected. the While Incoming Displayed If there URL, or phone the displayed of or the the following operations: the incoming Press while the displayed. the attached Highlight the attached and OK OK Next Section 2J:
to the and URL: Highlight the URL and to the selected Highlight the and Highlight the and Then the of the the or protected over-written. To the of incoming the from The the If the the the displayed. If the right instead of pressing the and displayed. the to the of the or the right to the of the Replying to You to the or to of the specified the To and To reply: the incoming Highlight Reply or Reply and the of the Reply: to the Section 2J: to OK
Reply to the the To and the and Composing and New If to ON the the and the reply. The to the Incoming You to third specifying their To the incoming Highlight and The and copied. the of the and the the and Composing and New If there attached to the the first attached to the Incoming To the incoming highlight the to and Highlight One Select or and the selected Select Highlight to and this OK Select Section 2J: OK
selected the to and then the incoming Highlight and If to protected incoming appears. Highlight and You the displayed incoming from the the incoming the Incoming You the below to the the incoming and the which incoming displayed. the Incoming To the incoming the incoming and Highlight and Highlight and Select Subject(1Line) or and the of Subject(1Line): the of incoming the of the incoming the Incoming To the which incoming displayed: the incoming and Highlight and Highlight and Section 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
Select Unread or Protect and incoming from the incoming alphabetic Unread: whether or Protect: whether protected or unprotected. Incoming the incoming highlight the and Then highlight of the options and OK Protect: Protects the Protect to the the Incoming Select incoming Incoming the Incoming To the the New Entry If there the to the from the and or the the incoming the Incoming OK Section 2J: New
Incoming the and highlight of the options. Then Protect: Protects the received Select Protect to the the Reply: to the Replying to Reply to the the To and Replying to the Incoming the of the the To and To the or URL, or phone included the the New Entry If the the to the from the and or New that the You to the You and the them. To the From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Section 2J: OK OK OK
The and the as outgoing and the options to the section with outgoing Once the of the protected Section 2J:
Section 2J:
Section PCS Service Section PCS Service
Section 3A PCS Service Features: The This Section ID Responding to Waiting Three-Way Calling that to the that PCS Service. Section PCS Service 3A: The
to PCS to or turned off. Therefore, to PCS and as as PCS activated. To Press and Follow the to and choose whether to Touch Access that to and the to The Affiliate areas. There PCS the the assigned type. flashing LED. the top of New and to To highlight and To Missed highlight Missed and Section PCS Service 3A: The OK OK
roaming off the Nationwide PCS Network, of It recommended that PCS and You roaming rates when while roaming off the Nationwide PCS phone when turned off. However, of when turned and PCS Service You directly from PCS or from other touch-tone To from PCS or the One-Touch Access: Press and Follow the the PCS to Access From the to the Highlight and Highlight and Press You when from PCS Other PCS to Access PCS OK OK Section PCS Service 3A: The
PCS offers options and Distribution to each with to customers. Press and to Following the to Press Press Distribution Follow the to or PCS Callback to without disconnecting from to Follow the to the phone Once the to the Record and to other PCS customers. From the to Follow the to the Follow the to and Reply Reply to from other PCS customer. to Follow the to and reply. Section PCS Service 3A: The
those to other PCS customers. to Follow the to the Follow the to introduction and the that to when or to to other PCS customers. recorded to with the recorded. Press to requested. Recording to with the recorded, to recording. phone turned off or off the Nationwide PCS Network this played instead of From the Press Press to Section PCS Service 3A: The
Clearing the phone temporarily to the To clear the from the From the to the Highlight and Highlight Clear Count and Highlight and ID ID know whos the of the when phone who this displays their If the and the appears with the To from displayed outgoing Press the to Press To permanently PCS Customer Service Responding to Waiting Waiting to incoming while sounding The informs that and shows the the entry) or the To to incoming while Press This the first and the Section PCS Service 3A: The OK OK OK
To switch back to the first Press those where to interrupted, temporarily Waiting Waiting reactivated once the Three-Way Calling With Three-Way Calling, to people the using this the rates each of the to and Once established the (or highlight Calling and to the first OK the to You from or History. Press connected to the party, once to three-way If of the people and the connected. If initiated the and the first to three disconnected. Waiting and Three-Way Calling while roaming off the Nationwide PCS Section PCS Service 3A: The
incoming to another when phone turned off. You to from with activated. To Press the and phone to which should Press You hear tone to the activation of To Deactivate Press Press You hear tone to the deactivation. You higher Section PCS Service 3A: The
Section 3B PCS SM This Section Browsing the PCS PCS Short Chat SM Edition PCS PCS CS SM clarity and hear, with enhanced, always-on and that easy to learn and This graphic to or office Its revolutionary to wireless. Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
the the To the From the the OR From the the of the to the top Select the and PCS and service, assigned Then, when PCS Services, to to the Nationwide PCS Network. The as and as to services, and as identity. user typically based the customers and the third to PCS Services might as his If user www.sprintpcs.com and the as as If already PCS that become PCS user PCS You to Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK
first to the the appear to that to It You the the selecting when the appears. To From the the of the to the top Select the and Highlight and Highlight and Highlight ON or OFF and On to the appear when to the to the when connecting to the On the appear only once The appear the phone to time-out. Browsing the Browsing the easy once learned basics. the with PCS Soft the the of or These shortcut around the and they to the buttons directly below the what the the to their function. To Soft Press the Soft (left/right), which to the Soft that appears the of OK OK OK OK Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Scrolling with other of to and to everything Press the or to Selecting Once learned to Soft Select on-screen items the to highlight the then Soft (left/right). that the Soft often Select or OK. If the items numbered, to which appear as allow to to or phone and Select highlighting the and then activating the Soft the to which The tenth item numbered selected the though the appear the Going To back the that the text BACKSPACE when Going There to to the Press to the highlight and OK Press and Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Going to To to URL To URL from the PCS and the URL using Not The this function as follows: Press to the Highlight To URL and OK Press the URL the to and OK Press Creating allow to the of easy To to the to Press to the Highlight and Highlight and title, the of the to the the and Press the the to then this. Press OK Press to to the that and the The to the of OK OK OK OK Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
the its Whether its Accessing To Press to the Highlight and Highlight and Highlight the to and to the from the and From the highlight the to Press the Soft right to the Highlight or and the selected the Press OK Home Editing From the highlight the to Press the Soft right to the Highlight and Highlight the URL or title and Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK OK
the URL or title and Press the the to then this. appears that the edited OK Press Home edited. Downloading the below to such as and to PCS from that offer downloading services. To to the that offers the service and the of Highlight the to and Highlight and downloading appears. OK Press or showing as of the of options below appears. Highlight option and the to the and the Disconnects from the and to the the to the and displays the specified the With of appear downloading. Follow the instructions the OK OK Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK
Restarting the If the appears to malfunctioning or responding, usually the restarting the To the Press Highlight and Highlight and The The To the the Home: to the URL associated with the Accesses the and displays the option to or SnapShots: Allows to the Snapshot Search: Redirects to search (URL To URL: Allows the user to and URL. URL: the URL. Refresh: Allows the to refresh the URL. Accesses the About...: information about the and the offers its optional those appear the Right Soft Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK OK
the the below to the to To the Press to the Highlight and The following options displayed. Highlight of the options and OK Allows the to the URL. Downloads: Allows the to on/off and sounds). Browser: the the cache and to the Allows users to the and Allows the allow the the URL of the when to HTTP Timeout: Duration the acknowledgement Security: Accesses the security and as follows. from the used. Highlight the and or the as Press the the to then this. To OK OK Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Started PCS allows to to PC to and the or and without searching wall-mounted telephone three connectivity: PCS PC to PCS the USB Finally, to the PCS SM Software using the CD. to and the software, to the the PCS purchased. To while connected to the the connected properly. the PCS SM Software and the Once the shows information the of the Its to that of the to with You should the through the then to Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
and and as as chat PCS Phones. With chat, without Web-based chat to information topic or that others chat There of PCS Text (PCS information when cant phone or turned off. The to phone when PCS [appears as Notifications include PCS PCS and that of PCS Short and PCS information, PCS PCS PCS Short or PCS *You to chose the PCS option to these features, service PCS services Affiliate areas. Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
PCS These appear as Notifications and include PCS PCS PCS Short and PCS PCS to phone when they reach to PCS charge. The option PCS turned phone to This option options. PCS There to PCS to PCS Phone: Through the www.talk.sprintpcs.com PCS To PCS Updates to PCS New PCS PCS and displays the PCS To PCS from the Press to the OK Highlight the to and To clear the Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
To PCS from the From the to the Highlight and Highlight Notifications and Highlight the to and While the (when or the right. the displays the PCS PCS to PCS reaches its PCS capacity, the as From PCS To phone the PCS highlight the phone to and Then Connecting to URL From PCS To to the URL the PCS highlight the URL to and to the From PCS To to the the PCS highlight the to and If then the PCS displays. OK OK Next to Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
PCS To PCS Highlight and PCS With PCS and information directly to PCS the choose. To the information to PCS From to the to the from which to information. of the America MSN and (The location where within each Where indicated the input PCS @messaging.sprintpcs.com. completing the process, should PCS as requested. Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK
PCS Short PCS Short With PCS Short wireless phone to text from Internet-ready PCS to their phone and they to with one-way text PCS Short includes of such as that and easy. You to characters, from PCS or www.sprintpcs.com To PCS Short From the the and the Soft Select PCS Short and the Soft Select the wireless of the to whom to and the Soft Select (to to characters), (to or and the Soft text or or and the Soft To the (Soft From the of PCS directly the PCS Short the Press Highlight Highlight Short To PCS Short text the and the SEND Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
to the and the Soft Unread with and the Soft to the The four of the PCS of the who appear the To to PCS Short While the to Reply and the Soft Select (to to characters), (to or and the Soft or or and the Soft To the (Soft To and/or to the from From the the and the Soft Short and the Soft Press (Soft From the highlight and the Soft From the MS New) or the to and the Soft or and the Soft You or the Account www.sprintpcs.com. Section PCS Service 3B: PCS SEND
PCS With PCS account charge and of the typical from PCS that from You PCS Account from PCS or www.sprintpcs.com You other from the Accessing PCS To PCS From the the and (Soft From the PCS and the Soft If first-time account establishing and To and (Soft to the to and the Soft Once the actions the of each Reply Reply or to Composing PCS To PCS From the the and (Soft From the PCS and the Soft Select and the Soft the of the to whom and the Soft the of and OK Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK OK
Select and the Soft when ready to Chat PCS SM the to wireless chatrooms from PCS including text and to chatroom or chatrooms. To chatroom from the the Select the Select Chat and the chatroom to to temporary through to other users. To charges, should of chatrooms when ready to To Select to To chatroom: Select with the Soft You and chat PCS Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Downloading To to From the to the Highlight Downloads and Highlight and Highlight New and The Select item to and information the Browsing the The selected to Press to to the the the or to to the Additional If while trying to authentication Please to ID and Press Select Refresh ID and Downloaded and Downloaded assigned directly from the the the and through the To assign through the To downloaded from the the the Highlight the to assign and While the played back, Highlight the function to assign to the and OK OK OK OK Apply Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK
information assigning the Specifying Purchasing You purchase phone or through www.sprintpcs.com. To purchase from Highlight item the and the Soft to If purchased to If previously purchased prompted to account and purchasing purchasing the highlight Download to the item immediately or to Downloading To to From the to the Highlight Downloads and Highlight and Highlight New and The Select item to and information the Browsing the The selected to Press to to the the the or to to the Additional Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK
Downloaded Downloaded assigned directly from the the the and through the To assign downloaded through the or the To assign from the the the Highlight the to assign and While the played back, Highlight the function to assign to the and information assigning the Specifying Purchasing You purchase or through www.sprintpcs.com To purchase from Highlight item the and the Soft to If purchased to If purchased prompted to account and purchasing purchasing the highlight Download to the item immediately or to items to Once item to the as as Apply Section PCS Service 3B: PCS OK
You of and graphically-rich PCS New easy to and Accessing You phone or through www.sprintpcs.com purchasing PCS Service To from Highlight the The summary and purchasing options displayed. Select the highlighting and the Soft If purchased or that service charges associated with to If purchased prompted to account and purchasing the highlight Download to the immediately or to the To PCS From the and the Soft Select the to and the Soft Follow the instructions Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
PCS SM Edition PCS SM Edition to offer wireless to both Microsoft and Notes. PCS Edition the following features: access: Read, to, and directory and Search, and from directory. this and Work and and to Files/information PC: and from using PC or To PCS Edition, Edition software PC. This allows to securely wireless when connected to the Nationwide PCS Network. There monthly charge PCS and charges apply. PC isnt with that to and the firewall and wireless instantly without the to Additional to businessconnection.sprintpcs.com Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
PCS How know when ready PCS Service? How the first You to PCS Services when turn know when to PCS Services? phone when PCS Service or incoming arrives. the (Connecting about seconds.) Can and PCS Services the You and services If while the service active, the You outgoing active? active when allowed, incoming directly to active, the flashes If seconds, the the allowed. (The active If the Can of services? You without turning off however to the or other PCS Services. While or phone and other Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
services. You To to and of PCS Services Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Section 3C PCS Command SM This Section Started With PCS Command Creating With PCS Command Accessing Information PCS Command ith the first wireless to offer PCS Command reaching family, co-workers and when the You to Web-based information such as weather, and with PCS Command. Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Started With PCS Command With PCS Command: You phone numbers, the of the to Theres to of numbers, or to while You their phone Its to Started from PCS to the service and to instructions directly from There monthly PCS Command. Creating You to with each to numbers. Thats phone and with the advanced of PCS Command to of them. There four to Recordings: and You then to the and to to to recorded once. On the to www.talk.sprintpcs.com and functional Web-based to and Existing Automatically from software with SM Services charge. the Click to within PCS Command www.talk.sprintpcs.com Section PCS Service Features 3C: PCS Command
Directory Assistance: If or PCS Directory Assistance phone and them to and and to directory charge. With PCS Command Once PCS Command and created hear tone the Ready. the Ready and the of the or the to the or repeated and to to the or to The that PCS Command that others the they helpful hints PCS Command, including of commands and interactive www.talk.sprintpcs.com Accessing Information PCS Command Press the (To access, to and to once Choose from of information weather, and PCS Command while roaming off the Nationwide PCS Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Section and Warranty Information Section and Warranty Information
Section 4A This Section the of Reception of and Access to the Battery Acknowledging Precautions and the FCC Notice Consumer Information Wireless Phones Record Notice art of the of PCS knowing where and efficiency. This section performance and that the that PCS to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the of Reception The of each or the phone informs of the of to the The displayed, the the If near reception. the If to of searching, activated. If active, service or the activated, displays the found, phone to How basically and receiver. turned and (RF) the the This from to The of PCS with updated NCRP below. the of and (IEEE) and the American National (ANSI) with to to RF More than and physicians from government health and this updated the of research. the (FCC) adopted this regulation. the FCC consisting of the existing ANSI/IEEE Section and Warranty Information 4A:
and the published the National Council of Radiation Protection and (NCRP). Phones Performance There to operating properly and satisfactory service. the with the fully-extended and shoulder. to or the Dont the the directly the microphone. and to or If immediately the off and the battery. If to or PCS Customer Service service. the of authorized should service phone and service the warranty. of and Access to FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS OUTLINED MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS PERSONAL INJURY AND POSSIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE While phone while (or operating the without hands-free as to that first. phone the to know and its features, such as and hands-free phone within easy reach. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the to know necessary, the heavy or weather or while and the traffic; when stationary or traffic. or emotional that from the to serious Its from wireless phone to others or wireless when necessary. Purchase optional Following To and efficiently, follow regulations Turn phone off where or when interference or Near Other Devices shielded from (RF) RF from wireless shielded RF improperly or shielded operating and/or with the or their to these shielded from RF with the that to vehicle. the of such as and hearing to they shielded from RF Section and Warranty Information 4A:
off the health and the Turning Flying Turn off To interference with the U.S. Administration (FAA) regulations to from to phone while the the ground. To of interference, FCC regulations phone while the the Turning To with operations, off when or other with indicating that should turned off. Construction crews often RF to off Turn off when that atmosphere. Although or its or fire or death. These clearly They such as stations. or or where the chemicals or such as or other where would normally to off vehicles or or the of vehicle that or Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Restricting Access to PCS toy. Children should allowed to with they themselves and others, the phone or that increase phone the Battery Protecting Battery The below the of batterys performance. Sprint-approved and chargers. These to life. other or chargers warranty and to charge the that from to C to C). Dont the charger sunlight or high areas, such as the bathroom. of the battery the top of the clean. Dont to or short-circuit the battery. The recharging of Its to the when performance. It recharged of it replacing. Dont the high of Its to follow these than month: to C to C) More than month: to C to C) Section and Warranty Information 4A:
of Lithium options of batteries, Sprint-authorized service to of properly. areas, the of household or business prohibited. or battery. Acknowledging Precautions and the FCC Notice FCC Notice The TV or interference to The FCC to using the such interference using (such as or comply with the National Protection (NFPA-58). of this the National Protection Association, One Batterymarch MA Publication or to phone this warranty this and authority to this batteries, and chargers. The of unauthorized and the warranty or to the Although of and or To with FCC RF wear the or carrying or other accessory. If Section and Warranty Information 4A:
accessory, that the least inch from when of FCC RF information about RF please the FCC Absorption Rates (SAR) Wireless Phones The SAR that to the relative amount of RF absorted the head of user of wireless The SAR of the of testing, and process. It RF the phone tested their highest laboratory when operation, the SAR of substantially than the to the FCC. This of of factors including its to and other factors. What to that each the which incorporates of stated SAR SAR or below the of the The highest SAR of SH-P300 PCS Head: FCC This phone the FCC FCC ID ABLSP20. More information the SAR found from the following FCC Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Consumer Information Wireless Phones (The following information from information the U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) and the (FCC), Facts: Consumer Information Wireless Phones. The information further please the What (RF)? (RF) another waves. It of that the of the other of the and light. (or radiation) consists of waves of and together through The where these waves found field. waves created to the of charges they created, these waves from the waves the of light. The the of waves the covered of the and the of waves that The the covered of wave. The the of waves second. wave, the the the of light. The of RF usually One second. One thousand waves second, waves second, and waves second. RF includes waves with from about waves to waves Microwaves of waves that from around waves to three waves Section and Warranty Information 4A:
used? the of RF telecommunications. and TV broadcasting, wireless and fire and RF Other of RF include microwave heaters and sealers, and RF microwave heat Since food high microwaves cook food quickly. RF to and as as heaters and RF to products, leather items such as and and food. of RF include and measured? RF waves and RF both and It often to the of the RF field of each the to the field strength, and the (A/ to the field strength. Another to characterize RF of the as terms of thousandth of or millionth of The to RF actually the the Absorption Rate or SAR. The SAR of the of absorption of RF It usually of or What caused RF The of should confused with the from other of high of such as found and where Section and Warranty Information 4A:
from their locations and It permanently including DNA, the with high of such as and the when (such as that associated with The associated with including both waves and microwaves, enough to the of and Therefore, RF type of radiation. Other of include light, (heat) and other of with relatively amounts of RF heat This and increase of the the and the to RF heating there relatively flow them to heat. The amount of RF routinely the too to heating or increased people about the health of of RF It that further research to what actually and whether they to people. the organizations and government to the to whether to health. FDA, EPA and other US government health and together and with WHO to and research related to RF effects. What of RF organizations and countries to These of both the and the United States, the FCC RF Section and Warranty Information 4A:
The FCC to RF from the of organizations, the National Council Radiation Protection and (NCRP) and the of and (IEEE). both the and from industry, government, and of the related to the of RF countries and the International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). The ICNIRP to those of the NCRP and IEEE, with ICNIRP recommends the and and from products such as hand- wireless telephones. Currently, the World Health to framework international harmonization of RF The NCRP, IEEE, and ICNIRP Absorption Rate (SAR) of as threshold of which effects terms of strength, and SAR then from this threshold the NCRP, IEEE, and ICNIRP the of the RF This to the that absorption of RF with the of the RF The restrictive the of where the RF efficiently. products that of the such as wireless terms of SAR only specified. The the FCC of SAR, and strength, and operating from to The found FCC OET and Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the FCC RF The FCC authorizes and products, and that RF and microwave radiation. It services the U.S. those specifically operated the Government. While the FCC the to its own, the and authority to and technically sound other and organizations, and with the FDA this of the of inter-agency and this health and the National of (NEPA), the FCC to whether its actions significantly the of the Therefore, FCC and of and the to RF of factors that such the FCC its RF as of year proceeding and as the Telecommunications of and stations, satellite-earth stations, stations and wireless to RF when they to the FCC or of facility or of to comply with the FCCs RF to the of and rejection of Technical with the FCC RF found the FCCs OET or RF and normally from the RF These based and indicating that or operating the to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
of the of from rather, from The FCCs RF and found Section of the FCCs and Regulations CFR the Absorption Rate (SAR) wireless The FCC that wireless the United States with adopted the FCC The amount of RF the head of wireless telephone-user the Absorption Rate (SAR), as The FCC wireless to comply with of terms of SAR. Information SAR obtained recently the FCC (ID) that The FCC ID usually somewhere the of the to the to the Once the ID to the following On this instructions the FCC ID the FCC ID exactly as (the the first three characters, the Product the of the FCC ID Then Search. The of Authorization telephone should appear. through the the section SAR Compliance, of with FCC RF or This section should the typical or SAR Phones and other products authorized should the SAR noted directly the of Authorization. and products authorized about and information SAR typically found the associated with the Once accessed, the clicking authorized to of the rather, the of records. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
The FCC SAR information from other as wireless phone SAR information their non-government of wireless However, the FCC these and of their Finally, the Telecommunications and Association (CTIA) to SAR information to the instructional that with the hands-free wireless reduce from to RF there known from to RF from wireless there reason to that hands-free reduce with wireless and comfort. These reduce the absorption of RF the head the which the of the RF the head. On the other hand, the mounted the or other of the then that of the RF the U.S. to of whether they the head or the Either should with the wireless that to shield the head from RF Since there known from to RF from wireless there reason to that that to shield the head from those reduce products that to shield the user from RF absorption phone while others nothing than accessory attached to the shown that these products as hand-free these shields with operation of the The forced to its to leading to increase RF absorption. February the (FTC) that that to wireless Section and Warranty Information 4A:
users from with and According to FTC, these reasonable to their What wireless telephone stations? wireless telecommunications to as stations, stations, PCS Service) stations or telephone towers. These stations of and the to high the they often located towers, or rooftops. Typical freestanding towers stations that to length, that to as These of found areas. and areas, wireless commonly or sector their stations. These of about The three of three each. One each to to wireless and the other each to from wireless At the amount of RF the of and the of each Typically, sector typical sector each of the three connected to to of that of the the used, theoretically to this and, once that stations PCS than those PCS usually higher of Section and Warranty Information 4A:
wireless telephone stations The RF transmitted from stations the relatively the mounted to thin around the The of sector shaped, of with of the as from the Therefore, RF the ground than to the and the of the transmitted fact, ground-level from such typically thousands of than the recommended as organizations. to within and PCS stations the United States to comply with recommended organizations and health and and PCS mounted towers that ground-level typically thousands of than the adopted the FCC. fact, to to or the FCC or PCS would to the transmitted the height of the and within from the This of to and PCS mounted rooftops, RF that or others than those typically the ground. approaching or should only to or directly front of the sector- type typically such rooftop stations, RF to the and back of these installations and that might to about facilitys with FCC found Government to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
RF Safety: Procedures, and This Who to from microwave and The Food and Administration protecting the from from these the FCC routinely from The FCC the or the to routinely the the thousands of that to FCC the FCC instrumentation RF that to the or to If there with FCC facility, from the FCCs Office of and or the FCC Enforcement and investigation, and, that to about facilitys with FCC regulations found Government to RF Safety: Procedures, and This should brought to the FCCs the FCC RF or the FCC that includes information the location and technical of the towers Each of the FCC its licensing the service(s) service, earth stations.) The FCC of and based. the of technical operating information collected from the as of the process. the of based licensing PCS, the the authority to geographic using as as required, and Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the to the FCC with location and operating of these Information found the Reports The FCC least of their licensing Each licensing its These of The FCCs Office of and (OET) to these Entry the include state/county, and further information the existing or Can and governmental establish RF Although and governments and regulations about to RF the the Telecommunications of the Government to to RF Section of the that, State or government or instrumentality thereof the and of wireless service the of the of to the that such with the Commissions concerning such Further information authority and FCC fact from the FCCs Wireless Telecommunications wireless health The that health associated with wireless There proof, however, that wireless of (RF) the while used. They of RF when the stand-by Whereas Section and Warranty Information 4A:
high of RF health heating to RF that heating known health effects. of RF found effects. that such research. other researchers those or the reasons What concerning the of wireless the FDA the of products such as wireless they as with or However, the agency authority to action wireless shown to (RF) that to the such FDA the of wireless to of the health and to or the that the Although the existing FDA FDA the wireless phone industry to of including the following: research of RF of the type wireless wireless that RF to the user that function; and Cooperate of wireless with the information effects of wireless health FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of RF to coordinated the The following to this group: National Occupational and Health Protection Agency Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Occupational and Health Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health interagency as FDA wireless with the (FCC). that the United States with FCC that RF FCC FDA and other health about wireless FCC the stations that the wireless phone While these stations higher than the wireless themselves, the RF that people from these stations typically thousands of than those they from wireless stations the of the this What of the of this The wireless to hand-held wireless with built-in often or PCS These of wireless the to (RF) because of the the and the head. These RF that with the of FDA and other health and the phone located from the the to RF drastically RF with increasing from the The which connected to the telephone house, typically and RF within the FCCs What the of the research already? The research conflicting and from their research the of (RF) characteristic of wireless conflicting Section and Warranty Information 4A:
that often repeated other however, that of RF the of laboratory of the that showed increased that genetically or treated with cancer-causing chemicals as to to the of RF Other the to RF to hours These to the which people wireless with certainty what the of such health. Three published them, the investigated the of wireless and or acoustic of the or gland, or other cancers. of the the of health from wireless RF of the about the of these around three years. What research to whether RF from wireless health of laboratory and of people actually wireless of the that completed years. of to of promoting that directly to or years follow-up to about health effects, such as This because the the of to cancer-causing and the they years. The of RF of wireless factors this such as the which the phone or which of phone used. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
What FDA to about the health of wireless phone RF? FDA with the U.S. National and with of around the to that high conducted to about the of to (RF). FDA leading the World Health International (EMF) its inception of this the of of research that the of research around the world. The of information EMF FDA and the Telecommunications Association (CTIA) Cooperative Research and (CRADA) to research wireless phone FDA the oversight, input from government, industry, and organizations. research conducted through to The research include both laboratory and of wireless phone users. The CRADA include broad of research the of the research around the What to reduce to from wireless If there from these productsand this that there isit concerned about to to (RF). factor reducing the amount of wireless phone reduce RF If wireless phone and the of the RF, the off dramatically with headset and the wireless from or wireless phone connected to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the that wireless concerned about the RF from these products, those to reduce RF from wireless What about wireless The to of wireless including and If to to to (RF), the would apply to and wireless Reducing the of wireless phone and increasing the the user and the RF reduce RF sponsored other governments that children from wireless the government the United distributed containing such They noted that that wireless or other effects. Their to wireless phone strictly precautionary; based that health What about wireless interference with (RF) from wireless interact with this reason, FDA to interference (EMI) of implanted and from wireless telephones. This of sponsored the Association the of instrumentation (AAMI). The FDA, and other completed This allow to that and from wireless phone EMI. FDA tested hearing interference from wireless and the of and (IEEE). This and performance hearing Section and Warranty Information 4A:
and wireless that interference when and hearing the This the IEEE FDA to the of wireless interactions with other Should interference found to FDA testing to the interference and to the Which other related to RF health effects? the Government researching or related to to RF radiation. These include the Food and Administration (FDA), the Protection Agency (EPA), the Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA), the National Occupational and Health (NIOSH), the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and the of (DOD). authority of the Radiation Health and of the Devices and Health (CDRH) of the FDA performance the of from products including other microwave products and The CDRH established performance microwave the amount of RF from the CDRH adopted performance other products. The FDA however, the health agency the research and other with to the of products the such as and PCS The microwave (as to that allows of microwave (measured from the The to interlock that the from microwaves the that the released or the of the The FDA stated that that Section and Warranty Information 4A:
its and to the and More information from: The EPA has, the to RF radiation. EPA related to RF and health presently to the EPA chairs Inter-agency Working Group, which RF health-related the with health or this OSHA protecting from to and physical OSHA issued protection of to RF CFR this to only and mandatory. based RF that revised. At the OSHA the IEEE and/or FCC information NIOSH of the U.S. of Health and Services. It research and investigations related to to and physical NIOSH has, the to RF the agency. NIOSH conducts related RF through its Physical Effects Branch The NTIA agency of the U.S. of and authorizing Government of the RF the FCC, the NTIA NEPA and RF from U.S. Government such as and The of (DOD) conducted research the of RF of years. This research conducted the U.S. Force Research Laboratory located Force Texas. The DOD RF Section and Warranty Information 4A:
information with other with other of information, below. Who and research the of RF Research of RF the United States and around the the U.S., research the of to the of RF such as and high-powered health and such as the Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Food and Administration (FDA), and conducted research this At the of the research of RF the U.S. industry organizations. More research overseas, the World Health (WHO) established the International EMF to the and of health the of RF WHO that information this and about RF and research www.who.ch/peh-emf FDA, EPA and other US government health and together and with WHO to and research related to RF effects. Record The and located the Record the the below. This helpful to about phone the SH-P300 Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Notice CDMA QUALCOMM Incorporated or of the following T9 Text and covered U.S. U.S. U.S. and other Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Section 4B Customer Warranty This Section Customer Warranty his section the Customer Warranty PCS information about the Terms and Conditions of PCS Service, please the included with the of the Terms and please www.sprintpcs.com Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
Customer Warranty SPRINT SPECTRUM, L.P., offers warranty that the (Product), including the free from or workmanship as follows: SUBSCRIBER UNIT: A. SPRINT ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY: of from the of purchase, its option, the and charges to authorized PCS service facility to or (with or this and charges. B. REPAIRS: to the of the warranty Product or the the of whichever or (with or or Product the of of the Product this Warranty. of purchase the from of of or warranty which that the Product within the warranty to warranty service. This warranty to third party, including to purchaser or of the Products. or of Product terminate warranty coverage with to the Products. This warranty and with to the following: Products which improperly repaired, or (including the Products which subjected to (including Products with electrically or mechanically incompatible or with physical operation, and to fire, or or or or Products operated published ratings; Products which Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
warranty or Product or instruction; of installation, or reception caused and workmanship); the of fire, acts of or other acts which the of and which the Product specified to including caused and (such as or Products which repaired, or other than or authorized service This warranty cover education, instruction, installation, or reception This warranty the United States. USE WITH ACCESSORIES NOT SUPPLIED BY SPRINT OR OTHERWISE NOT EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED BY SPRINT MAY BE DANGEROUS. SPRINT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY, AND SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE TO BUYER ANY OTHER REMEDY, FOR ANY AND ALL DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, LOST SALES, LOSS OF USE OF THE PRODUCT, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS ARISING OUT OF USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY PRODUCT (FOR EXAMPLE, WASTED AIRTIME CHARGES DUE TO THE MALFUNCTION OF PRODUCT), DAMAGE DUE TO IMPROPER OPERATION OR MAINTENANCE, INSTALLATION, CONNECTION TO IMPROPER VOLTAGE SUPPLY. OR ATTEMPTED REPAIR OF THE PRODUCT BY ANYONE OTHER THAN FACILITY AUTHORISED BY SPRINT. THIS WARRANTY DOSE NOT COVER PRODUCTS SOLD AS IS OR WITH ALL FAULTS, OR CONSUMABLES, (SUCH AS FUSES). THIS WARRANTY DOES NOT APPLY WHEN THE MALFUNCTION RESULTS FROM USE OF THE PRODUCT IN CONJUNCTION WITH ACCESSORIES, PRODUCTS OR ANCILLARY OR PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT NOT SUPPLIED BY OR EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED FOR USE BY SPRINT, AND WHERE IT IS DETERMINED BY SPRINT THAT THERE IS NO FAULT WITH THE PRODUCT ITSELF. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT, AS PROVIDED UNDER THE WARRANTY, IS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
SPRINT MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD SPECIFIED IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON THIS PRODUCT IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE DURATION OF THIS WARRANTY. States allow the or of or or allow warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from the State to other Warranty Service Information, please PCS CUSTOMER SERVICE SOLUTIONS Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
U.S. and international currently of this and security to the following countries North and and and or of Microsystems, Inc. the U. S. and other and JBrend-based and or of Corporation and other the and the family of carrying the of Inc. other and the of their respective owners. Copyright2001 Inc. Rights Copyright L.P. rights reproduction whole or without written PCS and the of L.P. other property of their respective owners.
Airplane Automated Information Battery Capacity Charging Charger Battery C History Waiting-Responding ID Character Customer Service Directory Emergency End-of-Call Switch FCC Notice Started with PCS Service In-Call to from Memory Location New the Light of Connecting to Related the
Navigation Missed Services Record PCS PCS Service PCS Service Performance Information With Phones Bright Light Restricting To Incoming with On To with On Scratch Security Shortcuts Soft T9 Text Three-Way Calling Notice Information Warranty
Thursday, October PM SECCIN 1A. PCS SECCIN 2A. PCS: SH-P300 fin 2B. tono
Thursday, October PM Protector o 2C. restringir PCS PCS PCS 2D. roaming roaming roaming
Thursday, October PM roaming 2E. 2F. hacer 2G. T9 Text Text texto Directorio PCS 2H.
Thursday, October PM Tareas tareas Tareas tareas tareas PCS bloc bloc PCS o tocar o tocar
Thursday, October PM tocar 2I. 2J. SECCIN PCS 3A. PCS
Thursday, October PM hacer 3B. PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS URL PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS Short PCS Short PCS PCS PCS Chat Protectores PCS Edition PCS
Thursday, October PM 3C. PCS Command PCS Command hacer PCS Command PCS Command SECCIN 4A. FCC 4B.
Thursday, October PM
welcome.fm Thursday, October PM PCS creemos usted ahorren Con usted usted PCS PCS, usted Uno incluye o o
welcome.fm Thursday, October PM
introduction.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS Usted o o
introduction.fm Thursday, October PM
section01.fm Thursday, October PM
section01.fm Thursday, October PM
section01A.fm Thursday, October PM 1A PCS PCS, PCS.
section01A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS o hacer Unlock trate o PCS o PCS Customer 1-888-211-4PCS
section01A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS incluso o usted PCS One-Touch Access www.sprintpcs.com PCS, Acceder
section01A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Customer www.sprintpcs.com Directory Service PCS. incluye PCS Con PCS PCS PCS hacer o o tercera o www.sprintpcs.com PCS
section02.fm Thursday, October PM
section02.fm Thursday, October PM
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM 2A PCS SH-P300 PCS PCS usted. usted 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM Usted o 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM o LED usted torna Directorio 10.MSG: Directorio 11.END/POWER: usted o anterior. 14.TALK: Directorio 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM o PC. 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS informan PCS Usted o 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM o SH-P300 PCS SH-P300. ofrece PCS roaming PCS SM PCS Short texto PCS PCS Command SM o POP3 New o 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM horario T9 text input reduce texto tocar LED Service... buscando hacer busca Usted PCS 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM off PCS o PCS B. 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM C, E. 2A: PCS C
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM o B. PCS usted o 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM pared. LED LED torna LED LED torna heridas, o 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Usted o software, PRL (Preferred PCS. PCS usted 2A: PCS OK OK Release
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Usted o Normal o o Usted o Usted hacerlo ID Normal American 2A: PCS
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS usted PCS o incluso hacer OK S NO incluso PCS PCS ofrece PCS Command SM 2A: PCS OK OK OK OK
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM roaming roaming Guard PCS PCS formas: o LED Usted o usted 2A: PCS OK
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM roaming Guard, o o Usted incluso o Usted o 2A: PCS OK OK OK OK
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM usted usted [P] o [T] P T. usted [P] [T] 2A: PCS OK OK
section02A.fm Thursday, October PM tercera fin o (o Usted fin ID o Restricted. 2A: PCS OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM 2B o Tome o 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o Usted o o o 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o tono Usted tono usted o OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o Usted o Usted Directorio Usted PCS Con ID ID o OK 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o o o OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM informarle servic. o PCS o o PCS. tono o servic. o OK S o NO Usted o 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o o o OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM Protector Usted Protectores o o usted o hacer 2B: OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o o usted o o usted o hacer OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o NO S o NO 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM S o NO Usted JAVA. S o NO OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B: OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o OK restringir S o NO Usted NO o 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Bright OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o o termine GPS PCS usted PCS termine 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM OK OK S OK OK OK NO Location (ALI) Enhanced (E911). o S OK NO OK OK OK OK OK 2B:
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM HS NO usted usted o OK 2B: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM o usted S o NO OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2B: OK
section02B.fm Thursday, October PM English 2B: OK OK OK OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM 2C restringir Directorio PCS SM PCS, usted Con usted 2C:
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM Usted ESN ESN, o PCS, o PCS Customer 1-888-211-4PCS PCS Customer Service o OK 2C: OK OK ON OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM Usted hacer o PCS Customer S OK NO Unlock 2C: OK OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM S NO restringir Usted restringir o o PCS Customer restringir o Usted o o 2C: OK OK OK OK OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Usted hacer o o Directorio OK OK Usted S NO OK Usted OK 2C: OK OK OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM borra Directorio OK OK borra OK OK PCS SM PCS PCS usted PCS Usted www.sprintpcs.com o PCS PCS PCS 2C: OK OK
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM Solic. PCS PCS Solic. PCS OK PCS Usted PCS PCS incluyen PCS usted Usted PCS OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK 2C:
section02C.fm Thursday, October PM PCS OK PCS 2C: OK OK OK
section02D.fm Thursday, October PM 2D PCS PCS PCS PCS CDMA roaming 2D:
section02D.fm Thursday, October PM PCS roaming PCS roaming PCS CDMA roaming PCS CDMA, PCS Usted PCS PCS roaming usted cree PCS, PCS roaming PCS usted 2D: OK OK
section02D.fm Thursday, October PM o busca PCS. PCS busca PCS roaming roaming usted o usted o usted o PCS o Guard: S o NO roaming OK OK OK OK OK OK 2D:
section02D.fm Thursday, October PM o (o OK OK roaming OK 2D:
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM 2E PCS. Tome 2E:
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM PCS o OK usted Historial OK o Usted anterior: 2E: OK OK
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM o Historial 2E:
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM Con ID ID servic. S/NO S/NO S/NO S/NO Standard/Downloads S/NO S/NO NO S/NO 2E:
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM S/NO Solic. S/NO S/NO S/NO S/NO Incoming S/NO S/NO Texto S/NO HS S/NO Servic. S/NO S/NO PIM tareas 2E:
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM tareas/Ayuda Usted usted o (POP3) tareas 2E: OK
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM usted CLNDR Usted o o PCS usted Notice o o usted OK OK 2E: OK OK
section02E.fm Thursday, October PM o OK 2E: OK
section02F.fm Thursday, October PM 2F hechas PCS 2F:
section02F.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Son o o borran Directorio Historial o Directorio Directorio usted borra o usted 2F: OK OK
section02F.fm Thursday, October PM hacer Historial o OK o TALK Usted ID o Restricted. hacer the Historial o OK OK OK OK OK 2F:
section02F.fm Thursday, October PM 2F:
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM 2G Directorio Text texto Directorio Directorio PCS 2G: Directorio
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM PCS ofrece texto (ABC) T9 Word Usted T9 Text T9 Text PCS T9 Word T9 Text usted (o o T9 Word T9 WORD T9 2G:
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM T9 Text www.T9.com o clear 2G: Directorio
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM o incluye Text PCS text text texto 2G: OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM text OK Text text Texto text texto OK OK 2G: OK OK OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM Texto Copy o texto o 2G: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM texto Directorio Text Smileys. texto texto texto texto Directorio PCS Directorio o 2G: OK OK OK OK OK Next OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM Directorio o Usted usted Usted usted Home, Office, o Usted Normal (Priority) 2G: OK OK OK OK OK Next OK OK Next OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM usted Home, Office o Usted Usted Directorio URL: URL characters). usted Home, Office o 2G: Directorio
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM hacer usted Directorio Usted incluso Usted o Directorio o o o Directorio 2G: Directorio OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM o o o o OK busca busca Directorio o Directorio 2G: OK OK OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM OK Priority.) o Crear Directorio o URL: URL sean o Usted 2G: OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM usted hacer Directorio Directorio Active o o Active active Directorio Active o o Active Directorio active Directorio 2G: Directorio OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM Active Usted o Unfiled, Office Con usted 2G: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM roaming OK 2G: Directorio OK Next OK OK OK OK OK
section02G.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Directorio o o o Directorio o usted TALK o PCS Usted Services. Info 2G: OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM 2H tareas PCS PCS PCS Usted PCS red, 2H:
section02H.fm October PM AM, PM, PIM AM PM. OK o hacer. Usted Usted o o CLNDR S/NO 2H: OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Un S/NO Un o OK CLNDR OK OK OK OK 2H: OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Hora Hora fin: antes Usted One Monthly o Yearly. URL: URL 2H: OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Stop o URL Incluso usted PCS, o CLNDR URL URL OK OK 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Usted SEMANA OK MES OK o usted borran. 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM usted SEMANA MES: S/NO: o borra Crear o tareas: Tareas. URL: URL 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Tareas Usted Tareas PCS tareas. PIM tareas o tono PCS Tareas, AM PM. 2H: OK OK OK OK OK Next OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM PCS tareas PCS o Incluso usted PCS, o Usted Tareas. Tareas, 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM tareas Tareas, Tareas Tareas: Tareas, o tareas. tareas tareas tareas Tareas, o tareas tareas. 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM o tareas tareas tareas, OK tareas Tareas. Tareas tareas tareas tareas tareas. tareas o 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Usted PCS Usted o PIM o OK o OK Usted OK 2H: OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM usted OK o Usted PCS. Bloc bloc borran Usted OK OK OK OK 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM bloc OK Directorio PCS Usted PCS Usted o Usted PIM C. o 2H: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Usted C. Usted Usted Usted o o PCS o OK S o NO OK OK 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Incluso PCS, o o o o borra hacer 2H: OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM formato activar, o o MB OK 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM JAD CMX Texto Texto 13K QCELP QCP Protectores PNG, JPEG, PNG, BMP, JPG, WBMP, GIF GIF A-GIF GIF Prot. JAD CMX PMD Prot. CMX PMD CMX VCF VCS tareas tareas 2H: PMD, ID, ID,
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM tocar o tocar o o o OK ver/tocar Toca toca o o usted o tono tono Ir Ir OK 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Apply archivo ancho ancho Apply o usted 2H: OK OK OK Apply Apply OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM Usted (Directorio o Tareas). o o o o Usted o Crear Crear Tareas Tareas). OK OK 2H: OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM URL: URL borre Usted OK o LED: LED 2H: OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM OK o borra OK (Invocation) NG (Invocation) OK o NG URL URL Info. tocar Usted usted incluye o Usted o 2H:
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM tocar tocan tocar o Usted o tocar o High. o 2H: OK OK OK OK OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM tocar o OK tocar S OK Usted o OK borra OK OK OK 2H: OK
section02H.fm Thursday, October PM 2H:
section02I.fm Thursday, October PM 2I hacer 2I:
section02I.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Command SM usted PCS. Usted Servic. tono 2I: OK OK OK
section02I.fm Thursday, October PM Servic. Servic. OK Servic. OK 2I: OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02I.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Usted Servic. o Usted S 2I: OK OK Stop OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM 2J 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Usted usted PCS POP3 POP3 Next POP3 POP3 Next SMTP SMTP SMTP SMTP Next 2J: OK OK OK Entry OK Next OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Servid. POP3 POP3. POP3 POP3. POP3 POP3. APOP APOP S o NO SMTP SMTP. SMTP S o NO SMTP Servid. SMTP S). SMTP SMTP S). OK usted Next OK OK OK 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM POP3: POP3. POP3 SMTP: SMTP. SMTP (S) o (NO) usted S, usted texto (S) o (NO) POP3 usted POP3: POP3 POP3. POP3. POP3. POP3. APOP APOP S o NO 2J: OK OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM KB.) (S) o (NO). S.) POP3. OK SMTP usted SMTP: SMTP Direct SMTP. SMTP. SMTP SMTP S o NO SMTP SMTP Auth S). SMTP SMTP Auth S). SMTP. OK OK 2J: OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM OK texto o Usted o 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Stop OK OK 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM texto o OK Address. To. texto o texto OK texto o 2J: OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM texto Smileys. o texto texto o OK Address Directorio Usted o URL o OK OK 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM OK): NG To): To: borran. Directorio URL, o o usted o anexo URL: URL Hacer the 2J: to
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Usted o o OK Usted OK Select OK 2J: OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Active o Active o o o 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Active OK NO Address: Directorio Directorio Directorio 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Active OK NO Address: o URL, o texto Directorio o usted tope 2J: New OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Usted o band. anexo anexo URL, o o usted URL: URL OK OK to 2J: Next
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Hacer Inbox o anterior, o Usted o To Reply o Reply Reply: Reply To 2J: OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM usted texto Usted texto o OK Select 2J: OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Usted Active o Active 2J: OK OK OK OK OK OK
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Unread o Unread: o o Active OK NO Directorio Directorio o OK New 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM Active OK NO Reply: Reply To To URL o o 2J: New
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM usted Usted Usted OK OK 2J:
section02J.fm Thursday, October PM 2J:
section03.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS
section03.fm Thursday, October PM
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM 3A PCS PCS. PCS 3A:
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS incluso o usted PCS active PCS. One-Touch Access PCS LED. usted PCS 3A: OK OK
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM roaming PCS usted usted PCS. roaming PCS PCS. Usted PCS o PCS, usted o PCS: PCS PCS PCS 3A: OK OK
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS ofrece Usted Distribution o PCS Callback termine usted PCS. PCS 3A:
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS. PCS. usted o PCS. satisfecho satisfecho o PCS tocar PCS 3A:
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM usted Directorio PCS Customer informa PCS 3A: OK OK OK
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM Usted hacer Con usted (o OK o usted usted roaming PCS PCS 3A:
section03A.fm Thursday, October PM incluso Usted tono tono PCS 3A:
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM 3B PCS SM PCS PCS Short Chat Protectotes PCS SM Edition PCS PCS SM ofrecen usted oficina. PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM the usted PCS PCS PCS tercer PCS usted usted www.sprintpcs.com usted PCS PCS PCS. Usted PCS 3B: PCS OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM usted Usted Guard. Guard: S o NO S NO S, PCS o activan botones PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM usted o Select OK. usted texto o incluso active texto usted texto PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Browser, URL Ir URL PCS URL Browser. Ir URL OK URL OK Browser. PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM OK o Browser. o OK Home PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM URL o URL o OK Home PCS ofrezcan ofrece OK termine OK o OK PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM o usted URL o Snapshot. URL Ir URL: URL. URL: URL URL ofrece PCS 3B: PCS OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Browser. URL o Browser: cache HTTP: URL HTTP o PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PC o pared. usted usted PCS Conecte PCS USB. tome PCS SM CD. PCS usted PCS SM Usted PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Ahora usted (Chat) PCS. Con chat, usted chat ideas o incluso chat texto PCS PCS usted o PCS incluyen PCS*, PCS PCS Short PCS PCS PCS PCS Short o PCS Usted PCS PCS PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS incluyen PCS, PCS PCS Short PCS PCS PCS PCS activarse PCS PCS PCS: www.talk.sprintpcs.com PCS PCS PCS PCS PCS, PCS PCS OK PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS usted o Next PCS PCS PCS. PCS, borra PCS PCS, URL PCS URL PCS, URL PCS PCS, PCS PCS 3B: PCS OK OK to
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS, PCS Updates Con PCS usted hacer sean PCS usted PCS: America MSN usted PCS @messaging.sprintpcs.com. usted PCS PCS 3B: PCS OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Short PCS Short Con PCS Short usted PCS usted texto PCS Short incluye Usted PCS o www.sprintpcs.com PCS Short o texto o o Usted PCS Short PCS: PCS Short usted Short usted texto PCS 3B: PCS SEND
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Active Short PCS Short texto PCS Short Reply o texto o o Short MS, New) o o Usted o Account www.sprintpcs.com. PCS 3B: PCS SEND
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Con PCS usted PCS Usted PCS PCS o www.sprintpcs.com Usted PCS PCS OK Inbox Reply Reply o to PCS PCS OK PCS 3B: PCS OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Chat PCS SM (chat PCS. texto chat o active chat chatroom Active Chat chatroom usted chatrooms chatroom 1-S-1 Usted chat PCS. PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM o usted Refresh PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK Apply OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Usted o www.sprintpcs.com. usted Download o Protectores Screen o PCS 3B: PCS OK OK OK OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Prote. o Usted o www.sprintpcs.com usted Download o usted PCS 3B: PCS Apply OK
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Usted PCS. Usted o www.sprintpcs.com PCS). usted o usted cree Download o PCS: Active PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS SM Edition PCS SM Edition Microsoft Notes. PCS Edition borre fechas. PC: PC o PCS Edition, Edition PC oficina. sean PCS PCS PC oficina usted firewall usted businessconnection.sprintpcs.com PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS inscribo Usted PCS PCS PCS o PCS Usted usted Usted hacer inactiva reactivarse PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM Usted o PCS usted o Usted PCS PCS 3B: PCS
section03B.fm Thursday, October PM PCS 3B: PCS
section03C.fm Thursday, October PM 3C PCS Command SM PCS Command PCS Command PCS Command C ofrece PCS Command, Usted PCS Command. PCS 3C: PCS Command
section03C.fm Thursday, October PM PCS Command Con PCS Command: Usted o Usted incluso PCS PCS Command. Usted PCS Command usted www.talk.sprintpcs.com Usted SM Click to PCS Command www.talk.sprintpcs.com PCS 3C: PCS Command
section03C.fm Thursday, October PM o usted PCS Directory Assistance usted PCS Command PCS Command Usted tono Ready. Ready o usted the o o PCS Command PCS Command, incluyen www.talk.sprintpcs.com PCS Command the PCS Command PCS PCS 3C: PCS Command
section03C.fm Thursday, October PM PCS 3C: PCS Command
section04.fm Thursday, October PM
section04.fm Thursday, October PM
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM 4A FCC PCS usted PCS. 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o ofrece o hacerlo (RF). NCRP IEEE, (ANSI, fin ANSI crearon 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM (FCC, FCC ANSI/IEEE (NCRP, o o PCS Customer EL INCUMPLIMIENTO DE ESTAS INSTRUCCIONES PODRA OCASIONAR LESIONES PERSONALES GRAVES POSIBLES DAOS LA PROPIEDAD 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM usted o tome o o o o o (RF). RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o (FAA, FCC o o o o incluso incluyen botes 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o o o o o o PCS o o o F F C C). o trate 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM C C) C C) o o FCC FCC Commission) o FCC o (NFPA-58). National Protection Association, One Batterymarch Quincy, MA Publication o 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o romperse. o FCC RF, usted usted FCC (RF). RF, FCC (SAR) (SAR RF SAR RF SAR FCC. factores base, SAR incorpora SAR SAR o 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM SAR SH-P300 PCS FCC FCC. FCC: to (SAR FCC: U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) Communications (FCC), Facts: Consumer Information Wireless Phones. www.fda.gov/cellphones/. (RF) (o crearse, 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM RF Un Un RF incluye RF TV, bomberos, RF. RF incluyen RF, RF RF moldear RF incluyen RF RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM RF o RF o SAR SAR RF. o RF? ADN, referirse RF incluyen RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM RF RF o RF. FDA, EPA WHO RF. RF FCC RF FCC RF National Council Radiation Protection and (NCRP) of and (IEEE). sector RF. International Non- Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). ICNIRP NCRP IEEE, ICNIRP 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM RF. (NCRP, IEEE, ICNIRP) (SAR) SAR NCRP, IEEE, ICNIRP RF. RF RF. RF SAR. FCC SAR, FCC, OET FCC RF? FCC RF FCC 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FDA inter-agencias National (NEPA), FCC FCC RF FCC factores FCC RF Telecommunications RF FCC o o FCC RF FCC OET FCC: RF o RF. o FCC RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FCC's and Regulations CFR (SAR) FCC RF FCC RF (SAR), FCC W/ SAR. SAR (ID) FCC FCC ID ID, usted FCC ID. FCC ID Product FCC ID). Search." of Authorization" "SAR of with FCC RF SAR SAR of Authorization." SAR 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FCC SAR SAR. FCC Telecommunications and Association (CTIA) SAR reducen RF? RF creer reducen reducen RF RF, RF. o RF RF creer reducen RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM RF. (FTC) FTC, base, PCS Service") o torres torres, o techos. torre o sector base. base, RF sector. 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM PCS PCS base. RF torre sector RF PCS torres PCS FCC. o FCC o PCS, PCS techos, RF o 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o o sector, techos, RF FCC A Government to RF Safety: Procedures, and FDA (Food and Administration) FCC FCC o FCC RF o FCC FCC, Office of and FCC o FCC FCC A Government to RF Safety: Procedures, and FCC FCC RF o 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FCC incluye torres oficinas FCC FCC PCS, FCC. Reports" oficinas FCC Office of and (OET) FCC incluyen usted o RF? RF Telecommunications RF. o o 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FCC Telecommunications FCC (RF) RF, RF RF sean o RF o FDA FDA o tomar FDA 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o FDA tome FDA tomar RF RF sean FDA National Occupational and Health Protection Agency Occupational and Health Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration National of Health inter-agencias. FDA Commission (FCC). FCC RF. FCC FDA 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FCC RF 18.A o PCS. (RF) RF FDA RF RF (RF) repetirse RF RF. RF 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM o o RF RF o RF o FDA RF FDA U.S. National Toxicology (RF). 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FDA proyecto World Health International (EMF) Un proyecto (EMF). FDA Telecommunications Association (CTIA) Cooperative Research and (CRADA) FDA CTIA CRADA incluye hacer tomar RF. factor RF. usted RF, o sean 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM tome RF o usted tomar (RF), RF RF. FDA (EMI) Association the of instrumentation (AAMI). FDA, sean EMI FDA of and (IEEE). 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM IEEE FDA FDA RF? o RF. incluyen Food and Administration (FDA), Protection Agency (EPA), Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA), National and Health (NIOSH), National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) of (DOD). Radiation Health and Act Devices and Health (CDRH) FDA X, televisores, CDRH RF CDRH RF. FDA RF PCS. FDA 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM FDA EPA RF. EPA RF EPA inter-agencias (Inter-agency Group), RF o OSHA OSHA RF CFR informativo RF OSHA IEEE FCC NIOSH U.S. of Health and Services. Conduce NIOSH RF NIOSH RF oficina Physical Effects Branch NTIA U.S. of RF FCC, NTIA NEPA RF EE.UU. 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM of (DOD RF U.S. Force Force Texas. DOD RF RF? RF. of RF Protection Agency (EPA) U.S. Food and Administration (FDA), RF (WHO proyecto International EMF RF. WHO proyecto RF (www.who.ch/peh-emf). FDA, EPA WHO RF. 4A:
section04A.fm Thursday, October PM Anote SH-P300 CDMA QUALCOMM Incorporated o T9 Text U.S. U.S. U.S. 4A:
section04B.fm Thursday, October PM 4B www.sprintpcs.com PCS. PCS, 4B:
section04B.fm Thursday, October PM SPRINT SPECTRUM, L.P., ofrece anexo UNIDAD SUSCRITA: A. GARANTA LIMITADA DE UN AO DE SPRINT: PCS o o o usted B. REPARACIONES: Producto o o o o Producto o o o o Producto o o o o o o 4B:
section04B.fm Thursday, October PM o o Producto o hechos o sean Producto o o o o EL USO DE ACCESORIOS NO PROVISTOS POR SPRINT NO AUTORIZADOS EXPRESAMENTE POR SPRINT PODRA SER PELIGROSO. SPRINT ESPECFICAMENTE DECLINA TODA RESPONSABILIDAD, NO TENDR OBBLIGACIN DE PROVEER AL COMPRADOR DE NINGN REMEDIO, POR CUALQUIER TODO DAO DIRECTO, INDIRECTO, ESPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL CONSECUENCIAL, INCLUYENDO, PERO NO LIMITADOS LA PRDIDA DE GANANCIAS, VENTAS PERDIDAS, PRDIDA DE USO DEL PRODUCTO, GANANCIAS ANTICIPADAS DERIVADAS DEL USO INPOSIBILIDAD DE USO DE CUALQUIER PRODUCTO (POR EJEMPLO, CARGOS POR TIEMPO DE AIRE DE USO PERDIDOS DEBIDO AL MAL FUNCIONAMIENTO DEL PRODUCTO), DAOS DERIVADOS DE LA OPERACIN MANTENIMIENTO INADECUADOS, INSTALACIN, CONEXIN UNA FUENTE DE ELECTRICIDAD INADECUADA. INTENTO DE REPARACIN DEL PRODUCTO POR CUALQUIER OTRO QUE NO SEA UNA ENTIDAD AUTORIZADA POR SPRINT. ESTA GARANTA NO CUBRE PRODUCTOS VENDIDOS COMO ESTN CON TODAS SUS FALLAS, CONSUMIBLES, (COMO FUSIBLES). ESTA GARANTA NO APLICA CUANDO EL MAL FUNCIONAMIENTO RESULTE DEL USO DEL 4B:
section04B.fm October PM PRODUCTO JUNTO ACCESORIOS, PRODUCTOS EQUIPOS PERIFRICOS AUXILIARES NO PRVISTOS AUTORIZADOS EXPRESAMENTE POR SPRINT, DONDE SE DETERMINE POR SPRINT QUE NO HAY FALLAS EN EL PRODUCTO MISMO. LA REPARACIN REMPLAZO, COMO SE PROVEE BAJO ESTA GARANTA, ES SU NICO EXCLUSIVO REMEDIO POR LA COBERTURA DE ESTA GARANTA LIMITADA. HASTA EL ALCANCE PERMITIDO POR LAS LEYES APLICABLES, SPRINT NO ESTABLECE NINGUNA OTRA GARANTA DE NINGN TIPO, EXPRESA IMPLCITA, CON RESPECTO LOS PRODUCTOS PARA UN PROPSITO PARTICULAR CONTRA EL INCUMPLIMIENTO DEL PERODO DE TIEMPO ESPECIFICADO EN LA GARANTA LIMITADA COMERCIABILIDAD IDONEIDAD PARA UN PROPSITO PARTICULAR SOBRE ESTE PRODUCTO EST LIMITADO EN SU DURACIN LA DURACIN DE ESTA GARANTA. o o o o usted. usted PCS CUSTOMER SERVICE SOLUTIONS 4B:
section04B.fm Thursday, October PM 4B:
section04B.fm Thursday, October PM Microsystems, Inc. Corporation Inc. Copyright2001 Inc. Copyright L.P. o PCS Communications L.P. 4B:
Thursday, October AM C Customer Service Directorio FCC,
Thursday, October AM PCS, PCS, PCS, PCS Service, Restringir Guard, Guard, T9 Text Tareas,