Chain CS-350A CS 35B CS35B Read through and these instructions Instructions Printed
Chain CS 35B CS-350A through and these instructions Instructions Printed CS35B
English Tighten Chain Wrench Screwdriver Increase Chain C of of Round Chain this the to Wear of cover screw  Lead Washer  screw of plate Chain Topo
English Tighten Chain cover Wrench Screwdriver Increase Chain C of of Round Chain this the to Wear of cover screw  Lead Washer  screw of plate Chain Topo
The following the that their instruction EU countries of together with household of Directive 2002/96/EC and and its with that reached the of their collected and to recycling facility.   EC 2002/96/EG
English GENERAL SAFETY RULES WARNING! instructions to follow instructions below shock, fire and/or serious injury. The of the below to operated (corded) or operated (cordless) SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Work clean and and atmospheres, such as the of or which the of children and while operating Distractions to match the the with earthed (grounded) and matching reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock what and when operating while or the of or medication. of while operating serious wear protection. such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off Carrying with the switch or that the switch or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the injury. overreach. footing and This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or If the of and these connected and properly used. of these reduce related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. Disconnect the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of children and allow with the or these instructions to the the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions and the the type of account the and the to of the operations from Service serviced using This that the of the PRECAUTION and infirm should of reach of and infirm
PRECAUTIONS ON USING CHAIN SAW the with both and which operation. immediately the becomes or Pitch of and of SPECIFICATIONS CS-350A CS35B areas)* (110V, 220V, 230V, 240V) 1140W* Chain to the as to areas. STANDARD ACCESSORIES Screwdriver Wrench CS-350A) to without OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES separately) Chain Round Round and to of to its please to the item titled of Chain the the while carrying the or while Optional to without APPLICATION PRIOR TO OPERATION that the to conforms to the specified the switch that the switch the OFF If the connected to while the switch the ON the operating immediately, which serious 110V, 115V, 120V, 127V, 220V, 230V, 240V that the of such as to that there such regulations when the from the of thickness and rated capacity. The should as as Confirm the to the and the and serious that there the to operation. the with This shipped without the to operation, the and the with accessory (CS-350A) This shipped without the to operation, the and the with separately), or SAE or (CS35B) or and while the and the to the and the and the or to that circulated. (CS-350A) (CS35B) It recommended to earth-leakage or ADJUSTING THE CHAIN TENSION the the cover with the accessory wrench, as shown It to the While the of the the screw with the accessory screwdriver to the as shown The increased turning English
English the screw clockwise, and turning counterclockwise. The that appears the and the when the lightly the section of the as shown completed, the the cover. CAUTION to the sharpness of the when the or servicing. CUTTING PROCEDURES Switch ON the while the slightly from the to the reached the of the section of the the and as shown thick of the the front section of the the and with action while the as as shown the to the right that the below and the of the with hand. the and the that the front of the the the as the turning the to the right. from the the of the to the lightly. of of the instructions, instruction the of the to or least to with the of round or which supported, them properly to or another CAUTIONS from the there the that the back the the strongly hits the the through the from the there the of the of when the finished. the operating from touching the ground or Branch Cutting branches from thick branch should initially off from the of the First about third of the from below, and then off the branch from Finally, off the of the branch with the of the CAUTIONS to branches. branches from First off branches that the ground, then off those which the ground. thick branches that the ground, first about of the from then the branch off from below. CAUTIONS off branches which touch the ground, that the become bound the of cutting, of the as shown first about third of the from below, then the from that hollow as shown first about thirds of the from then from below. CAUTIONS that the become bound the ground, to the of the If the the cut-off as shown facing which tree to of should of without as shown backcut about and to the If the bound cutting, the and to free through the CAUTIONS should that would or property to the of the terrain as the tree to or it SHARPENING OF CHAIN BLADE CAUTION the from the the below. Wear to and the of the and the and of the to efficiency, to the often and them properly sharpened and sharpening and should accomplished the of the with the properly mounted to the
The accessory round should the that one-fifth of its the top of the as shown the the round relation to the as shown that the round straight, as shown that the or the efficiency of the impaired. the correctly shown of To this please the optional accessory and The shown the The the amount of and The this repeated the decreased. Accordingly, every the as shown and that that the of the CHAIN AND GUIDE BAR ASSEMBLY Mounting the with the accessory wrench and the cover. Please to the washer attached to the Mount the the and the to the as shown that the as shown the the to the mount the to the mounting section, and the the as shown the cover and the that the washer properly mounted the properly the as directed the accessory wrench to the the with the accessory wrench and the cover. Please to the washer attached to the the the indicated the arrow the off and the from the MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION Inspecting the Chain to inspect the If the become the as the section the Chain Tension. the become them as directed the section of Chain completed, thoroughly the and the three or four while the rotating. This Cleaning the the or the become with becomes impaired, which to the Occasionally the cover and the and with of wire, as shown Inspecting the The which Since the with the shown the when becomes to or the wear and that they freely within the the brushes] the screws the cover, and the cover the indicated the arrow the screw of and the as shown CAUTION to the this operation. Assembly the and, the plate and as shown and the screw of Mount the cover and with the screws. the to the from approaching the or from caught the cover. CAUTIONS Please to follow the assembly without Should the the or become caught the cover, there of shock. the other than those necessary to Inspecting the mounting screws inspect mounting screws and that they properly tightened. Should of the screws them immediately. to serious of the The the heart of the to the become and/or with or Chain (CS35B) If hits high reacts and back. This to and with lightweight that to of The immediately the from there back. The activated the handguard or the English
The the completely. the to the rear the function of the every NOTE to of research and the specifications to without
/ o  o AHHOE o        o o         Ce    o    o
o o        CS-350A CS35B   (110V, 220V, 230V, 240V) B* /. /.)   o  CS-350A)) 110V, 115V, 120V, 127V, 220V, 230V, 240V ..,   MEPA o
Bo  o B./ B., o  (CS-350A)   SAE  (CS35B)  (CS-350A) (CS35B) Peoeyec o  C  o o  ..  o
.. H   o  o   . Ocop o
o   o  ,     o , oaec /   Topo (CS35B) peapye o Topo Topo  o Topo HITACHI
CS-350A
CS-350A Item Housing Assy D4 Screw Screw D5 D4 Screw Bearing (6000VVCMPS2S) Bearing (6201VVCMPS2S) Bearing Gear Assy (B) Gear Washer Plate M8 19A Assy Assy M4 Screw Washer M4 D5 Screw Plate Screw (W/Washer) M4 Screw D4 Washer M4 M5 Screw 36A Ass'y D8 (B) Chain Chain Assy HITACHI Washer M8 M8 45A Screw D4 Cord M5 Screw Washer M5 Washer M5 Item Screw D5 Washer M5 53A Wrench (Hex. 10/13MM) Screwdriver (1200CC) Washer M5.5 (ID4 T1 (ID4 T1 Assy Cord Cord 66B Connector Switch Hose Plate 72A (A) (D) Plate to without to
CS35B
CS35B Item Screw M5 D8 3A Ass'y (B) Chain Chain (B) Plate D10 Plate (A) Plate Washer M4 Screw M4 Plate Washer M5 D5 Screw Chain Cover Assy HITACHI Washer M8 M8 Plate Break Washer T0.5) Washer T0.2) Bearing (6201VVCMPS2S) Gear Washer M4 M4 Screw Washer (B) Plate M8 (D) Connector (A) Gear 49A D4 (P4) First Gear (I.D. 4MM) Item First Gear (I.D. 3MM) Seal Plate Washer M5 M5 Screw Bearing Bearing (6000VVCMPS2S) (S-12) 64A Ass'y (HK1010) D12 Gear Clutch (A) Cord D4 Screw (W/Washer) 72A Switch (A) Screw D4 Screw D5 D4 77A Screw Cover Plate Screw D5 D4 Screw Plate Screw (W/Washer) M4 Housing Assy Plate Cord Cord Screw D4 Screw 502A Wrench (Hex. 10/13MM) to without to
English GUARANTEE CERTIFICATE of Purchase Customer and and (Please and
English Chain Wrench Screwdriver Increase Chain C of of Round Chain this the to Wear of cover screw  Lead Washer  screw of Chain Topo
Chain CS-350A CS 35B through and these instructions Instructions Printed CS35B