PCS with SH-G1000)
to built the nationwide with advanced services and clear reaching than people clarity and hear. built to what really from wireless clear sound, and features. with something far-reaching life. advanced to with that to PCS to connected. This with and with PCS through easy-to-follow instructions. If the which with then ready to the advanced outlined this If to Section One Started. This section the information to and It information to should about service, to purchase products or services, or to account Thank choosing
Introduction to This his to PCS Service and the features of Its four Section Started Section Section PCS Service Section and Warranty Information Throughout the that highlight shortcuts and to the of and service. The of and information quickly. the of each section. to right to to that Follow the instructions that section and ready to You this to or
Section Started Section Started
Section 1A Service This Section Started With PCS Service his section through the basics of service the including and activating and to with PCS Service. Section Started 1A: Service
Started With PCS Service Already Activated If the or purchased the phone activated. If phone activated, please to the included with Activating To follow the the that included with to PCS to or turned off. Therefore, to and as as PCS activated. To the phone Turning the ON and OFF If the displayed, the the From the and seconds. Follow the to and choose whether to One-Touch Access that to and the to The Affiliate areas. Section Started 1A: Service
Stop www.sprintpcs.com and to information PCS Service, options, and You also: coverage Learn to Access account information Purchase options to service Section Started 1A: Service
PCS Customer PCS Customer to hours www.sprintpcs.com and clicking Automated Information phone to information PCS Account. This information includes received, and the amount of and/ or (A and/or charges apply.) To this information: This service Affiliate PCS Directory PCS Directory of services, including business and government with or and and information. There charge and PCS Services PCS Services or to telephone or third party. information or to the products and services, www.sprintpcs.com PCS Services Affiliate Section Started 1A: Service
Section Section
Section 2A PCS The This Section PCS Phones the Turning ON and OFF USB the USB the SD Card the Optional his section through the basics of and to Switch Switch the the Brightness the Initial Screen Navigation and Command Notifications Information Text the and Information Section 2A: PCS The
PCS Phones LED SD Card Switch Switch IrDA Section 2A: PCS The LED AC Battery Battery LED Charging Connector Microphone USB Function Switch
AC Section 2A: PCS The Connector USB USB
the This of the Lithium and the other the that when the replaced. the shipped with neither of the charged, to charge the to the The battery, which built the through the or the AC The to this as the battery. the Battery the following to the battery: While holding the cover (A), while the release (B). the cover the cover of the and then and the cover. Section 2A: PCS The
the with the facing and then the that the both the the switch to (The switch the shipped.) the cover the Section 2A: PCS The switch switch Switch Release
Removing the Battery the following to the battery: Confirm that the following warning displayed the If the displayed, charge the the Press the to the off. While the (A), while the release (B). the cover the cover of the and then and the cover. Section 2A: PCS The
both of the battery, and then and the battery. If the with the If the when the empty, the If the with the than the the cover from the the function turned off. To the function back the and please the following: Press and the least seconds. or located the top of the Turn phone function turned Section 2A: PCS The
Charging the Battery of the following charging the battery: the AC and as shown below, and then the the information the USB or the AC to the as shown below. The LED Charging lights while charging The LED when charging completed. information about the LED It approximately three hours to charging that enough enough operation. Section 2A: PCS The LED charging
Charge the the from 0C to 35C (32F to 95F). the operating of the charging when the than 35C (95F). If the becomes too high the Charging LED lights and charging interrupted. Charging when the becomes The properly than 0C/32F) If this the the If the as purchase or the without of the correctly indicated. the to charge the the LED Charging the connected with the AC or the incoming with the nears charge, the LED charging and Section 2A: PCS The
Battery The service life. Repeated charging and of the the charging of the battery. If recharged operates the than this the of life. the with The of the the and and charging the with amount of reduces the allowable operating the too high The become shorter than when options of Lithium batteries, Sprint-authorized service to of properly. areas, the of household or business prohibited. Battery The allows approximately hours of approximately of or hours of PDA operation The and PDA affected backlight service searching, and The operating the and Charging or the than 0C/32F) reduction the operating of the characteristics of Lithium battery. The operating when (25C/77F). Section 2A: PCS The
the Battery You the following to the operating of the battery: Decrease the brightness. the the Screen Brightness the that lowered when the consumed. the Selecting the the the the that the LED when the the Selecting Sounds Notifications Switch off the sound function that sounds, including the of and the Selecting Sounds Notifications connecting to the AC to strength. Section 2A: PCS The
both the and the completely the Immediately the the or warning appears, the AC to charge the battery. the to such that the switched The and the when they used. The completely when they of It strongly recommended that the or memory the of the with USB or connected, the reduced. the from the If the with the of the shortened. the three months, when the of Section 2A: PCS The
the to the when the operations or when the to the of software the to that through this operation. If the allow to the however, that the memory to the the battery. Press the the to Section 2A: PCS The
when the allow the to restarted. the memory to The back or memory about memory the AC and peripheral from the with connected the battery. To Removing the Battery the switch The switched off. the battery. To the Battery Section 2A: PCS The switch switch Switch
the the switch The memory initialized, and the restarted. the cover the the AC to the the Initial Section 2A: PCS The switch switch Switch Release
Turning ON and OFF Turning the On and Each the the switched and off. You the when: The The switch The switch locked. Turning the On and Each and the or the seconds, the switched and off. the phone the LED information about LED Section 2A: PCS The
This with three LED Charging Steady Charging Steady Charging completed Steady red: Charging of high LED Flashes the and LED Flashes as below when the phone Service: of seconds (with shorter On Flashes this when service this of active MIP below. The where this include and inactive Active Service: of Flashes this when active MIP established. The flashing in-service when becomes inactive. Section 2A: PCS The Charging
Service: of seconds (with On Flashes this when the of service of three Flashes this when the of service USB PCS with USB the USB to charge the or to with connected Mounting the the USB the of the the and the USB Section 2A: PCS The Connector AC USB
the the of the arrow that its with the the Removing the from the USB the and then from the USB the mounted the USB the switched function when received. Section 2A: PCS The
the USB the USB allows to easily the to to of the following of USB to the and the other to the USB the or the of the USB to the USB the and then mount the the USB To the USB USB Section 2A: PCS The USB Function USB To the USB Connector To the USB Connector USB (A)
the This IrDA with another the IrDA the that the respective IrDA each other. there should the that the IrDA within the and and that the the than inches). right Section 2A: PCS The IrDA
SD Card This with SD or the from the SD the it clicks, and then release to the to ejected. the ejected of the Section 2A: PCS The SD Card
the that its top and the the and then the the SD the clicks. Top To the follow the instructions This the SD security function. If incorrectly and with force, both the and the releasing the the of the to the to force the of the with to the protector. This Section 2A: PCS The
the Optional To optional headset to this the the headset the headset the the headset the as as Incomplete of the headset sounds. headphones with inches) phone the You other than the using the headset or headphones, to increase the too to played back. If the to the ears. back the to the and then increase the to the Section 2A: PCS The
This incorporates VGA to You the and the rotated displayed about operations, If the with fingerprints, or grease, with cloth though the with high technologies, appear bright and appear This malfunction. If the location of lowered. the to sunlight of This the internal to to the the allowable rotation Section 2A: PCS The
to the that the to and or Turn turn: the turn: the the item selected the the to phone or incoming You to the about operations, Section 2A: PCS The Turn
the to switch off the or to about operations, the to the or to the function The the The following when the phone function Press to The the function and without switch the The with the phone and switch the phone function other than the the function and switch the the incoming and switch the phone Switch to phone the the switched off. Section 2A: PCS The
the to the and about the function, From about the function, Recording The the the Press to Press and to Waiting (with the switched the to the sound Increases the Decreases the Section 2A: PCS The Press Press
the switch the switched off of the of the about the switch, Switch Switch the switch to operations. This when functions (such as playback) that the ON OFF Turning the switch the the following The and when the switch the switch, and switch Section 2A: PCS The Switch
Switch the switch to the and type of tones. You the the switch the top, or and easy to to and The the three switch (top), and Normal the switch or to switch or of the appear the You Office and within the the and and the the tone and type selected used. If the or type when the the another selected. the selected the This the through Sound Notification or the type/tone though Section 2A: PCS The (top) Normal Switch
the The allows to This section the operations text using the To characters or the the To characters or the and the and then the To switch and off, and the and then the To switch and off, and the and then the With with alphabetic character the to With with alphabetic character while the the to To characters and the and the and then the To A1 to A8 or bluish and the and then the A1 to A8 the these started. the the Brightness Section 2A: PCS The
The and function as of these pressed, this function the to active another pressed. This function useful when the You text the the of using the Text the the Brightness You the brightness, the and other To the brightness, and the and then or You the brightness from You the brightness to when through the or of information, Selecting the the to items or the The using the as follows: Touch the once with the to items such as and buttons the and touching the with the or item and appears, followed the the and to or other items the to text or to the to the using the the with Section 2A: PCS The
Initial the switched the first purchase or the initialized, the following appears. to the on-screen instructions. anywhere the The appears the of the Each the of the the the of the the completed and the appears. the of the the then Next The operations appears. Following the instructions, and operations. finishing the operation, Next The Location appears. Specify location the Location (shown to the right of the to displayed. necessary, the where the to and then Next The Complete appears. the Complete The appears and the ready Section 2A: PCS The
If the of the activated, switch the to the Activation Following the Activation activation known as OTKSL), known as MDN), and the MSID assigned to PCS Customer Provisioning to to the following operations first: then On the then the the Profile then Section 2A: PCS The
Screen You the and then On the information the to to to switch The switch indicated with types: Office, with Normal selected. the switch, Short-cut buttons the the the the tool-related Battery, Location, to or sounds. to and switch Short-cut related). Short-cut related). Section 2A: PCS The
To the the tool-related the Items and then to the Following of the Section 2A: PCS The Location ON Location OFF ON
Navigation and Command The located the top of the It displays the active and and allows to switch to and the the of the to The includes buttons, and the To item the New To the of and the the the off the to the command. New The following appear the to or the to recently used. to to to the of of and To switch back to from other this Section 2A: PCS The Navigation Command
If to displayed than there to them, the the to active icons. Section 2A: PCS The off. Sound ON Sound OFF ON Battery Battery More than with MSN and processings of synchronization with through ActiveSync ON Emergency callback Missed
You switch from to another selecting from the You which this To to the To to and then the You the function the The following of that ActiveSync information and of and of and and and WAP and and from the Notes handwritten or typed and recordings of or and created MSN and with MSN Word or and Word created Section 2A: PCS The
Section 2A: PCS The and Microsoft back MP3 and the built-in Review/Share and JPEG to SD ClearVue Microsoft Word created ClearVue Microsoft created Worksheet ClearVue Microsoft created ClearVue PDF Format (PDF) created
With choose action the the to of or to The actions the from to To and the the item that to the action the appears, the and the action to anywhere the to the without action. Notifications of when something to with or Clock, of the following appears the sound (which specify) played. light flashes The Section 2A: PCS The and to the the and the action the to without action.
To choose and sounds and then the Sounds Notifications The options choose apply throughout the Information You options information: the input to typed the or other input directly the the microphone to Microsoft ActiveSync to or information from to information ActiveSync, ActiveSync Text the the input to information You type the or write or Transcriber. each the characters appear as typed the To or the input the the arrow to the to choices. You text the To the the Section 2A: PCS The Select input to
the input the or writing and displays the input the text the insertion The the learns to To options, such as the of and then the Word To with the the arrow to the and then information, the To with the Soft the arrow to the and then On the that displayed, the with to Section 2A: PCS The this the right Soft
To With the to write as would write the arrow to the and then the to write the write to typed that appears the instructions and the to the writing To Block With the to input character that to those other the arrow to the and then the to write the write converted to typed text that appears the instructions using Block and the to the writing To Transcriber: With Transcriber the to write anywhere the as would and write or with Transcriber. Then, and Transcriber the written characters to typed characters. the arrow to the and then Transcriber the to write anywhere the instructions Transcriber, Transcriber and the the right of the Section 2A: PCS The
To typed the the text to select. Format or the the or and holding the selected the appears. Writing the that writing, such as the Notes and the Notes and to write directly the the You and what written and the information to text To write the the to switch to writing This action displays the to write. that writing the the that to to switch to writing the and Section 2A: PCS The
To writing: If to or writing, first and the to the text to the insertion appears. Without the the text to select. If write the then and try You text the to and then the the You and written text the with typed and the selected and then the or the the To writing to and then If to them the (or and the selected and then the If as writing. Section 2A: PCS The Select the text to and the The writing
If the incorrect, from of or to the writing. To and the incorrect On the with of appears. the to or the writing the top of the to to the writing. neatly. the and the of below the the of the the of the and and below the top that they confused with the and the increasing the to using the the of closely and that the easily where and Hyphenated that characters such as and converted. Section 2A: PCS The to to writing. the to
If writing to to (such as to to the the writing included to the writing the You the to the the that write the The writing and the items and they edited. selected resized, while writing Section 2A: PCS The
To three first appears. or touching the become of the that three treated as writing. You to the that easily or and then Section 2A: PCS The The the boundaries of the
To If to or first and the the the selection appears. To the and then to the You and selected and holding the selected and editing the or the To the selected, and selection Recording where write or the thoughts, and recording and include recording the Notes the Notes recording or include recording written If to include the recording the first. the recording to To recording: microphone mouth (or other Press and the the right of the The recording appears. the Record the to recording. To recording, the Stop the Section 2A: PCS The
To recording, the or its the to or the Recording Section 2A: PCS The Indicates recording. to recording.
Text using or MSN Text to or the text To Text and Text text the To Text the Text Select the to and Section 2A: PCS The to prewritten
and Information The information. On the the text to type, and then to the search. To information that than KB You the to and to these On the and then to You and holding the item to and then or Copy and the Section 2A: PCS The Select the the the to and to
Section 2A: PCS The
Section 2B This Section the Turning the ON and OFF and with that and to connected to the people and information that to This section through the basics of function. Follow these instructions and to Section 2B:
the Screen Shortcut Shortcut of the the while the turned displays the the functions displayed, the the the functions as the buttons the Incoming phone the If displayed, the called. Section 2B: Incoming Switch to Three-Way calling. Backspace Entry
Incoming the once. or If and to the the to and the location of that to the to the Shortcut: to Shortcut: to Clear: once. the field. The of Section 2B: and to the The displayed
the field. phone the of three seconds. to microphone to to Activation to the Activation You and holding and You the following while the Section 2B: of of and To switch back to from other this off. (Airplane roaming Location ON Location OFF
The following appear the right of the The following text appear to the of the Battery Text Service of service OFF OFF (Airplane switch ON Office, If than of the text of the higher the the and Command Battery Empty: Section 2B:
Turning the ON and OFF Press the to the and then and the to the phone To the off, and the To the off, the You and the to the phone and off. You the phone the instead of and holding the If to such as when the and then Turn off (The located the whether phone while turned off, and Press the The appears and the ready to phone the phone the LED of approximately seconds. PCS To then the the You the following instead: then On the then the the Section 2B:
and PCS offers to including PCS Command SM using and History To using the phone Press to the phone If while to To the and or and Clear to the finished, to the To outgoing off the Nationwide PCS the phone PCS of incoming the following The or The displays If the phone of the displayed. If the the the entrys displayed. Section 2B:
To (If the the or the to To the and Press to the If the phone off, incoming to About ID: If from the the and displayed. found the shown. Calling Emergency You to and If to From the to and the and the On the and the type of displayed, such as Work Another to the the and and the type of displayed, such as Work about Section 2B:
From to or and holding location To to From the and then New the and to Select location using the arrow based the location choose when the phone rather than the and reorganized. You to To using the and then the to Another to From the and the location to The first location the to To the first location the and then follow the (To To From History The incoming, outgoing, and and summary of The when initiated, and and it easy to the To the the Section 2B:
To to only the information the and only incoming or To to the the located to the of the to To from History: From History From to without the Others or and to the of the or the directory searched whose match the From Press the the of the or to to to While the Notes to type, write, or Notes: Thoughts and Ideas To the function, to Section 2B:
finished the as to the of the To the where would to without To turn the To off, the information about the and then Section 2B:
Section 2B:
Section 2C the Functions This Section the the and the Location the and and the Others Info TTY his section the phone function Section 2C: the Functions
the then On the then the the the to to The restored. the and then On the then the the the to type, and Other The restored. With the switch to the selections Section 2C: the Functions
the Location Location allows the to and with location-based services which the To Location or off: then On the then the Location the Select ON or OFF the location ON: The allows search from OFF: The allow search from appears, The restored. The location shown the (and information, Turning Location off location from everyone the Location service location without Section 2C: the Functions
the and and the switch to the the that select, from office, and the selections and type/tone. The switch the and type/tone incoming information, Switch then On the then the the Select to Then and You and type/tone each The restored. Section 2C: the Functions
The the as below: type tone OFF The Sounds and effective the switch to then On the then the the to information of Profile to PCS information such as ID and from the and Office and Section 2C: the Functions
the Others You other phone functions the Others then On the then the Others the selections each or This function allows to using only four or to to the or searching the directory phone containing the the to to the of to match: the to search the directory whose match the On the to the The when seconds. the off, the POWER, TALK buttons, or operating the the This function allows to incoming incoming other than the END, buttons, switch and the QWERTY this function isnt the incoming seconds. The becomes Section 2C: the Functions
Incoming when the Incoming ON: turned Selections and On when the service the Nationwide PCS Network. If PCS Service the phone searches checked, the text This appears the incoming or outgoing or the Allows to the Nationwide PCS Network and roaming other The restored. Section 2C: the Functions
Info then On the then the Info the information displayed. the ID, PCS appears with and ID appears with Section 2C: the Functions
TTY TTY known as TDD or Text Telephone), telecommunications that allows people who or of hearing, or who or to with TTY Please with the of TTY to that wireless phone and TTY that headset If this with TTY TTY to purchase the the following to TTY: then On the then the TTY the (TTY) the the TTY TTY appears. the top right of the to the the TTY the headset Malfunction the TTY the headset without to Section 2C: the Functions
TTY appears. You the TTY IMPORTANT NOTICE: Emergency Calling that TTY other including Telecommunications Services (TRS), and Wireless TTY to corrupted when The appears related to TTY or software This brought to the of the FCC, and the wireless industry and PSAP community currently to this. Section 2C: the Functions
Section 2D Devices This Section or Removing Selecting Sounds Notifications Selecting Memory the Microphone his section the procedures to Section 2D: Devices
You to the To then the or located the of the You might to the following: Selecting Backlight Clock To the or to To the input of Memory Memory To what appears the and to from the New Microphone the Microphone Information To information. To to To or Screen To the and the Clear Sound Notification Selecting Sounds Notifications To the and the information that the Section 2D: Devices
or Removing to the factory ROM (read- only memory). You this software, and ROM ROM updated using with other and to factory RAM memory). You created as as memory. The to software the PC To using ActiveSync: to the software and type that know which and then On the of the software to About the of the information Download the to (or the CD or that the You or of and to the the PC and type. instructions, or that with the instructions. and the USB the USB Double-click the If the the Follow the the Once the software Section 2D: Devices
the the software to If the that the type of You to this to If installation instructions the the or ActiveSync to the to the information copying using ActiveSync, ActiveSync Once and then the to switch to To directly from the and type that which of the software to and then On the About the of the information Download the to straight from the You or of and to the the PC and type. instructions, or that with the instructions. the such as or The Follow the the Section 2D: Devices
To to the the and then the the If the listed, the to the to the or ActiveSync the to shortcut to the and the shortcut the the and the the and then to of the and the and the the located the and of the and the The appear the ActiveSync the the ActiveSync to and the Right-click the and then Shortcut the shortcut to the the The shortcut appears the information, ActiveSync To and then On the If the appear the of to the and the and then the Section 2D: Devices
To to Application (A1A8): then On the then the the Select to assigned to the buttons. The restored. the while operating the the following the Section 2D: Devices A1 A2 A3 ClearVue A4 ClearVue WorkSheet A5 ClearVue A6 ClearVue PDF A7 A8 World Clock
You or from another access. The when turning then On the Select the type of would to selected, least characters and of lowercase or Select turned off the to and YES the The and the to the Record If to to know the existing to the If to the which and Section 2D:
Selecting Sounds Notifications To Sounds and Notifications, such as and then On the Sounds Notifications selections Sounds Notifications. restored. With the switch to the selections and Select Incoming Notifications Section 2D: Devices
Selecting Backlight To the backlight and turn-off then On the Select backlight The restored. Section 2D:
Memory You the amount of memory allocated and You the amount of Memory the automatically. the memory then On the Memory the to the of memory and The restored. Section 2D: Devices
the Microphone the of the microphone to sound To specify whether to or the function: then On the Microphone or AGC: Turn the microphone. Turn off the microphone. The restored. Section 2D: Devices
To the and the that the off the operation: then On the Select The restored. Section 2D: Devices
To currency, and then On the selections The restored. Section 2D:
Section 2D: Devices
Section 2E This Section Devices Charges the to or while off the Nationwide PCS Network. PCS anywhere the Nationwide PCS Network and allows to where wireless service This section roaming as as features that roaming Section 2E:
the when off the Nationwide PCS Network and roaming the when using off the Nationwide PCS Network, using You higher roaming Other roaming other and security to the when while the Nationwide PCS You to features, such as PCS If when the Nationwide PCS Network and where roaming If where think PCS Service off and to to the Nationwide PCS Network. Devices PCS allows to to using the option, which Choose from to roaming From the the to the the Others Section 2E:
or This PCS Service. PCS Service the searches This allows to the Nationwide PCS Network and roaming other Charges to the roaming when roaming charges apply. This easy to roaming charges when or roaming It to or roaming These when or while the Nationwide PCS To Turn the On or From the the to the the Others to the To the off, clear the To With On: when the appears. To Incoming With On: the Section 2E:
Section 2E:
Section 2F History This Section History History From History From History History History effectively. It of incoming from PCS and This section through and the of History. Section 2F: History
History The displays of incoming, outgoing, and including information and To the From the To the to the the Select the to Missed Incoming To to include and Section 2F: History
History To History options: then You of and You and of and the You items than of From History To from History: the located to the of the to You as follows: and the the the appears, You from History to as ID or Restricted. From History You telephone Microsoft and the History to then New information the to about You from as ID or Restricted. Section 2F: History
History To History and the the the appears, To History: then Section 2F: History
Section 2G Microsoft This Section Tracking and Colleagues Appointments and To Notes: Thoughts and Ideas the Microsoft the Microsoft this and the This section to Microsoft Microsoft includes and Notes, which individually or together. to ActiveSync information Microsoft or Microsoft with both and each with the information. information using ActiveSync ActiveSync Section 2G: Microsoft
Tracking and Colleagues easily of and (IR) allows to information with other To the from the or then to the of displayed the the search and of to the to or and to of to the right of to and the then to the information displayed the the to another using (IR), and that then Beam from the information, Rays Section 2G: Microsoft
Creating From the New and other information. to To or the phone field, from the and and from the to assign the to category. the Notes to or recording. Notes: Thoughts and Ideas finished, to to the There four to the the the To clear text from the or the to the right of the the the and the type of that displayed. To Section 2G: Microsoft
To assigned to category, To the of the then The of that that displayed to the right of the the the type, and then the Summary the to summary to the information. From From the Section 2G: Microsoft
to then The as shown recalled. with assigned, appears to the right of the Select to which assigned, and then Select Select to assigned. The assigned to the specified Contact. You the assigned to To the Crop from the To the assigned from the To to another Beam from the To that and then You through shown the Section 2G: Microsoft
and to including and other You of Month, and and easily switch of the the of the To the then to to to or the or to switch the Month, and the to the Section 2G: Microsoft
Creating Appointment If or the and the New to to the (the automatically). the section to choose from the Location section to choose from locations. the section to the section to Notes and and location. the and as other information. the input to necessary. the Notes to or or to recording. information Notes: Thoughts and Ideas when finished. The automatically. Section 2G: Microsoft
If to the options the Sounds Notifications the Summary to the summary To Creating with other or users. The created and when or when to Indicate then If and through ActiveSync ActiveSync To the the input then Select the from and The created and the information and and the Section 2G: Microsoft
To track of what to To then to the of displayed the Priority to the of the high priority. displays while nothing displays to or the and to of then to the information displayed. Section 2G: Microsoft
Creating the New to to the (the automatically). the section to choose from Notes and and or other information the field. To the input necessary). to the the category. the Notes to or or to recording. information, Notes: Thoughts and Ideas when finished. The automatically. To with only subject, Entry the Then, to and information. Section 2G: Microsoft
the Summary to the summary To to and summary information. Section 2G: Microsoft
Notes: Thoughts and Ideas The Notes thoughts, ideas, and phone numbers. You recording to include with entry. to the of the to the or to attached recording. and to of to record. to or the Recording Section 2G: Microsoft
Creating From the Notes New writing, or recording. information about the input writing and the and creating recordings, Text the to to the (the automatically). to or the Recording the to write the Section 2G: Microsoft
Section 2G: Microsoft
Section 2H Phones Services This Section Recording his section the features associated with Services. The easy-to-follow instructions to and Section 2H: Phones Services
to Command SM to Calling Press the correctly. Calling correctly. the the If this the the following: the the and performance and rejection If Contacts the the the Section 2H: Phones Services
the with the as when Selecting then and to the Select Recording PCS information, seeRecording Section 2H: Phones Services
Section 2H: Phones Services
Section 2I Application This Section and MSN Word PC Microsoft Review/Share ClearVue World Clock Application from the Companion CD his section to the that Section 2I: Application
Microsoft to or WAP of these synchronization with and that the the to PCS and the connected to PCS and from the To switch to then The items with This created when ActiveSync synchronization, with Both each If the as to to PCS to information, ActiveSync the If Microsoft or to the of to that while from PCS and the with ActiveSync to Section 2I: Application
To then To the the Optionally, Click OK the of the to If to the that to the created, right-click the then the Download the of to To memory, and and the to If scheduled specified to manually to both computers. To the downloaded to the then from the Manually as To to creating then To the amount of memory the ActiveSync options and off and sounds, or from downloaded. information ActiveSync the of On right the and then the Download specify or the of to Section 2I: Application
interactive service that to and to directly from when and or directly from the the information. To ActiveSync options the synchronization the information type. the to of the Follow the the synchronization the of to of the To or the or and that downloaded to without to the to the through PCS to refresh the Section 2I: Application
to to the to to to the to of to or or the to The of the that the displayed. If the the with to the to or to the to the Browsing the To and browsing, of the following: the and then the to then the and the arrow to from previously To and the and to the Section 2I: Application
and to and of these with Microsoft or Microsoft and connecting directly to through PCS as of the synchronization process. You to Inbox synchronization ActiveSync information Inbox synchronization, ActiveSync the synchronization: from the of or to the ActiveSync from the only, the first of each and those including the to or and then from those selected ActiveSync to Connecting Directly to and to information about establishing this Connecting Directly to Once connected to the New to the the from the Section 2I: Application
directly from to rather than from from the the to immediately and to they as as To offline, or and from the You then which to completely the the displayed the the recently first. to the service and to to the to the and to of to to the selected service. to and to and Section 2I: Application
to Unread displayed to to the to this to to or this or to the previous or To synchronization or and the On the Download Specify downloading when the service or synchronization synchronization options ActiveSync ActiveSync information. To options then On the Services the service to To service, and the service and Section 2I: Application
Composing New the To field, the of the the with or from the and holding To or the the appear the to or the to the recording to the To or Text and when finished the If offline, the to the and the and of Items, and Items. The Items that the The of the and Items the options chosen. the then On the options. Section 2I: Application
To then service ActiveSync options then To to another and the and then to the with to The of the whether ActiveSync POP3, or IMAP4: If ActiveSync the with You to them ActiveSync The and the then the from the to Family, and Family synchronization, the of the Family and the that You then the while from If POP3 and to created, the the the and their the The the that the from the Inbox and them from the While this of to to created anywhere the If IMAP4, the and the the Therefore, to to whether from or Section 2I: Application
MSN MSN that of who and with of To MSN Microsoft account or Microsoft account. If or MSN account, already Once obtained Microsoft or Microsoft account, ready to account. Microsoft account free Microsoft To switch to MSN then MSN or account information. To account and the On the Accounts or account information. the and If MSN Section 2I: Application
Working With Contacts The MSN displays and While connected, and and appears allowing to chat, the or the To others without the and Appear If appear offline the To and the then Unblock the Section 2I: Application
Chatting With to chat the text or Text to and To another to chat, the and the to To switch back to the without closing chat, the To back to chat Chats and the whom chatting with. To the chatting with responding, the the text information MSN then Section 2I: Application
Word Word with Microsoft Word easy to of You or from To Word and then New from the New then Word when to the first. of including Word Word Text Format and Text Word of to and and to of, or from the to the of the to the type of the New to to the and item to of You information Word of four writing, and recording), which the Section 2I: Application
its which and the Show/Hide the You the and then Then the Select higher to text and to of If Word created to the that the text using the input Text the information). To or highlight the the to select. the or formatting To search text within and then Find/Replace to the formatting options. to or the Section 2I: Application
Writing writing to write directly the as and the than to allow to write easily. information writing and selecting writing, Text the to the to the With selected, to arrow appears showing the and to the formatting such as and If three the writing becomes and edited and as the following section. to graphics when Word to Word Section 2I: Application
to the appear as off the the first indicating the boundaries of the Every within or touching the becomes of the information and selecting Text the to formatting options, such as and the to within the the selection the and the to From the Shape to to the Recording recording recording Recordings as information recording, Text the information Word, and then Section 2I: Application
with Microsoft easy to of spreadsheets. You spreadsheets or spreadsheets from To and then New from the New and then ExcelWorkbook spreadsheet when to the first. Spreadsheets of including and of to and and to of, or from the spreadsheet such as formulas, and To and then If spreadsheet information, with To the and then Every that to the Section 2I: Application
Working To and then to to items to or To the to and then the top and spreadsheet to and as through To to of spreadsheet, and then the to the location. To and then To or and Format or then To or and then To then type reference that the or Then Format or then information using and then Section 2I: Application
PC Microsoft PC to and that or To switch to PC, then Microsoft to and to You and MP3 (this includes with the .asf, and the turned off. information about PC, then Section 2I: Application
Microsoft Microsoft to ActiveSync from to consists of cover optional of and the of the You through the using the or the each the with highlighting, and Search text and The information the software. To the From and the title, then the To Microsoft then Microsoft Download from the and following the downloading. The Companion CD includes and dictionary the of the APPS The Read the EBOOKS of the using ActiveSync to from the The It displays of or To the Library: On the or On the title, and then the Section 2I: Application
To its title the Sort to to specify the to the Reading consists of cover optional of and the of the Navigation options the of the cover The first to to the first or to the of there Subsequently, whenever the to the read. to the each includes and title. Section 2I: Application
the title the top of the to option. the the of the to the You and the to the text to that text and the the option the action to You through using the Reading options with Select text and follow options outlined below: Search Text: the search and the option. highlighted the the to To to the title then the Copy Text: You from that Select the text to then Copy Text the the of choice. selected from the appears the right and they from anywhere the the Highlights: text highlighted, appears with background. Notes: text the that appears top of the To or the the the appears the top-right of the with the of the Section 2I: Application
to then Annotations the cover to of the annotations, including highlights, text and to the annotated reading (to and holding the title the and then the Section 2I: Application
This allows to photographs using the built-in Photographs the JPEG You such as white brightness, and To switch to from the Brightness the to photograph. photographs assigned and Documents/Review_Share. You photograph or the To photographs, the Review/Share to Review/Share. photograph and High photograph to Review/Share and photographed Section 2I: Application To the photograph and then from the White To the white and then from the
Quality (JPEG compaction and Normal quality. White The following white AUTO, SUNNY, CLOUDY, FLUORESCENT, and TUNGSTEN To the then Quality Section 2I: Application
Review/Share This function allows to JPEG such as those photographed the or downloaded through the It to UXGA displayed because the memory capacity exceeded; and the JPEG supported. To switch to Review/Share, Review/Share from the Review/Share Review/Share the and The To when the the to switch to the To the Expand from the or the or the of the currently displayed Currently selected of the Selection Indicates the currently selected Next Section 2I: Application
Expand To switch to the from the You the wheel or the instead. You to family and To or The the following Upload: to Copy/Move: or to Contact: specified to selected from the Beam specified with Beam (IrDA) to another to specified Caption: to specified Info: information about specified Section 2I: Application
Allows editing reduce/ of specified to displayed. Expand Switches to the Switches to the The the following Allows to the from Normal, Black White, and Negative. when selected. To the Selecting allows to the About: the information. This function allows to to the SM and/or and To switch to from the connecting to the SM the first the appears and to to characters or account. You this to with PC www.picturemail.sprintpcs.com. The and The Section 2I: Application
To when the from the or the or the To switch to the from the You the or the instead. Section 2I: Application of the currently displayed Currently selected of the Selection Icon: Indicates the currently selected Next
You to family and the To or The the following Copy/Move: or To Review/Share: the Devices Caption: to specified Info: information about specified specified Creates Allows to to displayed. Switches to the Switches to the Section 2I: Application
ClearVue This the to Microsoft Word, and and Format (PDF) It with To switch to ClearVue, ClearVueWorkSheet/ClearVuePresentation/ClearVuePDF to to displayed). then Select to displayed. The of the displayed. To attached to the the You ClearVue and Section 2I: Application
The as below: Microsoft Word Word97/98/2000/2002 Microsoft Microsoft Format You protected allow included such as and to displayed. If specified the displayed, used. other ClearVue. Section 2I: Application
World Clock The of four the displayed. The roughly shows which currently or To switch to World Clock, World Clock. Cities then City. city from then City to then Select then You with Clock Section 2I: Application
allows and to It and to the from the Companion CD. the of from the Companion CD, Application from the Companion CD To access, or to from Month, and Creating Appointment Item New then and Location, then Select other as necessary. Creating Item New then and priority. other as necessary. Section 2I: Application
Application from the Companion CD The Companion CD to these them the the following the to Connecting with Computer the Companion CD the CD-ROM The appears. Select PC, shown the of the and then the to Follow the on-screen instructions to the such that top appear or Operations with other than the assured. Section 2I: Application
Section 2J Connected This Section Connecting to the PCS Restoring the PCS Disconnecting from the PCS Connecting to the PCS Connecting Directly to Connecting his section to (IR) to information with other to to and from the PCS and to directly to Section 2J: Connected
information with other as as or the The options include the following: The (IR) to and from another Rays below information. connected to the PCS and and and WAP Remotely to to information such as ActiveSync or information. This allows with (such as PC) and this and the other that their respective each other. The should together, and should the the On the and or item to appears. Beam the appears the On the The executed. to Beam from the using the Section 2J: Connected
Connecting to the PCS the the (If Restoring the PCS and the connecting, the phone and provisioning. information, to the following operations: then On the the right of and then PCS from the Section 2J: Connected
PCS the Connecting displayed, to the executed. The appears Applications that to to the such as to the as necessary. started, the Connecting appears. On the the appears The becomes effective executed. Restoring the PCS If or the PCS the following then On the PCS Recovery the follow the on-screen instructions. Section 2J: Connected
Disconnecting from the PCS the the the Connecting The and from the executed. Connecting to the PCS PCS then On the PCS With displayed, The of the to Connecting to the PCS then Inbox Section 2J: Connected
Services that the PCS checked, and then With displayed, and then You to the The PCS connected and information the and Section 2J: Connected
Connecting Directly to You to that and and The ISP or POP3 or IMAP4 and SMTP You services to each to and the service following the below. To service: Services then New Service Follow the the New Service of then finished, to to Services then information the Inbox and Section 2J: Connected
Connecting Additional and information found the following locations: and the then then or ActiveSync the ActiveSync Microsoft ActiveSync the troubleshooting information, the PC Section 2J: Connected
Section 2K Connecting with This Section Microsoft ActiveSync his section the using Microsoft ActiveSync This allows Microsoft connected to with the the Section 2K: Connecting with
Microsoft ActiveSync Microsoft ActiveSync the information with the information Synchronization the with and both with the information. with Microsoft Microsoft Word and Microsoft and to the ActiveSync options to synchronization and off information types. With ActiveSync, also: and Copy (rather than and when synchronization selecting synchronization continually while connected to or when choose the command. Select which information and synchronized. choose of synchronization, ActiveSync from the Companion CD. ActiveSync already Section 2K: Connecting with
ActiveSync ActiveSync the following Microsoft XP, Edition, or Edition Microsoft or synchronization to the or of and recommended) Microsoft SP1 or with to MB of based selection of and USB One CD-ROM VGA graphics or graphics or Microsoft or input the Companion CD the CD-ROM appears. Click To ActiveSync ActiveSync and then follow the on-screen instructions. the Download displays, this from its location and OK when the Would to the or to displays XP, the Security Warning displays, the completed, the Connected appears. ActiveSync completed. Section 2K: Connecting with
Connecting With Confirm that the Connected the If Connected displayed, the Microsoft ActiveSync the to ActiveSync. the USB to the USB the the USB mount the the the AC to the USB and the Mount the the USB the USB The the and the established. the and the New displays, follow the to the The the Companion CD directory. the which the Companion CD The Partnership appears. Follow the instructions the to If the the and the the phone from the then information the to or other please the option ActiveSync first synchronization, and that information Microsoft to and to type from and ready to Section 2K: Connecting with
Once ActiveSync and completed the first synchronization process, initiate synchronization from To switch to ActiveSync and then ActiveSync information about ActiveSync ActiveSync and then ActiveSync to IR or to synchronization information about ActiveSync switch to ActiveSync, and then Section 2K: Connecting with to and to synchronization. synchronization
Section 2K: Connecting with
Section 2L This Section Personal Memory Card memory and the Inbox the built-in becomes empty. You therefore should back or memory Section 2L:
Procedure the following to back that the and backed the to the the USB Microsoft ActiveSync the Then Backup/Restore the Select Select the of the and If to when the to the Automatically each the If to the the this to specified the of restoration, to its location. Click Click OK the the completed. To strength, recommended to the AC when Restoration Procedure restoration, the the the to the the the USB Section 2L:
Microsoft ActiveSync the Then Backup/Restore the Select the Click Follow the on-screen instructions to Click The indicated. the the restoration completed. appears, OK to the the the the completed. To strength, recommended to the AC when restoration. Section 2L:
Memory Card Procedure the following to back memory that the and with backed and then memory the SD Card and Select then Next Select then You to from Section 2L:
using the the If the If the backed of to You to Z, to and to appears, to the completed. To strength, recommended to the AC when memory that about as as the in-use of the Restoration Procedure the the memory containing the and then switch the and Select then Next Section 2L:
Select containing backed then You to from appears, If the the completed. To strength, recommended to the AC when restoration. appears, the the ActiveSync restoration memory to Partnership the the PC. Connecting to the New Partnership to appear. relationship this Section 2L:
Section PCS Service Section PCS Service
Section 3A PCS Service Features: The This Section ID to Waiting Three-Way Calling that to the features that PCS Service. Section PCS Service 3A: The
to PCS to or turned off. Therefore, to PCS and as as activated. To the phone Turning the ON and OFF If the displayed, the the and Follow the to and choose whether to One-Touch Access that to and the to The Affiliate areas. There PCS to the screen the assigned type flashing LED the top of Section PCS Service 3A: The
New and to To roaming off the Nationwide PCS of It recommended that PCS and You roaming rates when while roaming off the Nationwide PCS when turned off. However, of when turned and PCS Service You directly from PCS or from other touch-tone To from PCS or the One-Touch Access and Follow the the PCS to then You when from PCS Other PCS to Access PCS Section PCS Service 3A: The
PCS offers options and Distribution to each with to customers. and to Following the to Distribution Follow the to or PCS Callback to without from to Follow the to the phone Once the to the Record and to other PCS customers. From the to Follow the to the Follow the to and Reply Reply to from other PCS customer. to Follow the to and reply. Section PCS Service 3A: The
those to other PCS customers. to Follow the to the Follow the to introduction and the that to when or to to other PCS customers. recorded to with the recorded. to requested. to Recording to with the recorded, to recording. turned off or off the Nationwide PCS Network this played instead of From the to Section PCS Service 3A: The
ID ID know whos the of the when who this displays their If the and already the appears with the To from displayed outgoing the to To permanently PCS Customer Responding to Waiting the and another received, the displays incoming Press or This the first and the To switch back to the first those where to interrupted, temporarily Waiting Waiting reactivated once the Section PCS Service 3A: The
Three-Way Calling With Three-Way to people the using this the rates each of the to and Once established the to the first the to You from or History. connected to the party, once to three-way If of the people and the connected. If initiated the and the first to three disconnected. Waiting and Three-Way Calling while roaming off the Nationwide PCS Section PCS Service 3A: The
incoming to another phone when phone off. You to from with activated. To the and phone to which should You hear tone to the activation of To Deactivate You hear tone to the deactivation. You higher Section PCS Service 3A: The
Section 3B PCS SM This Section PCS SM Edition SM PCS CS SM clarity and hear, with enhanced, always-on and that easy to learn and This graphic to or office Its revolutionary to wireless. Section PCS Service Features 3B: PCS
PCS SM Edition PCS SM Edition to offer wireless to both Microsoft and Notes. PCS Edition the following features: access: Read, to, and directory and Search, and from directory. this and Work and and, and and to Files/information PC: and and from using PC or To PCS Edition, Edition software PC. This allows to securely wireless when connected to the Nationwide PCS There monthly charge PCS and charges apply. PC isnt with co-workers that to and the firewall and, wireless instantly without the to Additional to Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
graphic of Browsing the of the the the following: Microsoft to or WAP SM with built-in and them to or other PCS Phones. and then from the Screen to the LCD as the the the to the The automatically. To another the To You Review/Share from the You the Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
to the SM Review/Share, to uploaded, and then the then this The SM connected and of the started. The following appears when completed. to the SM the first the appears and to to characters or account. You this to with PC www.picturemail.sprintpcs.com. Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Review/Share, specify to shared, and then the To the the SM the the the with whom the to shared, and then Next To with New Entry and the and then On the text and the and then Next the the and then Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
The SM connected and the started. The following appears when the completed. the completed, the through SMS or of the SM the following: This allows to photographs the built-in photographs the JPEG You such as white brightness, and Review/Share This JPEG The the built-in and from and This allows to to the SM and/or and Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
and and text or chat. of the the following: Inbox to and MSN MSN PCS when ready PCS Service? know when connected to PCS Services? when PCS Service or incoming arrives. (Connecting about seconds.) Can and PCS Services the You and services If while the service active, the You outgoing active? active when allowed, directly to If seconds, the the allowed. (The active quickly.) If the Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Section PCS Service 3B: PCS
Section 3C PCS Command SM This Section Started With PCS Command Creating With PCS Command Accessing Information PCS Command ith the first wireless to offer PCS Command reaching family, co-workers, and when the You to Web-based information such as weather, sports, and with PCS Command. Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Started With PCS Command With PCS Command: You phone numbers, the of the to Theres to of numbers, or try to while You their phone Its to Started from PCS to the service and to instructions directly from There monthly charge PCS Command. Creating You to with each to numbers. Thats and with the of PCS Command, to of them. There four to Recordings: Simply and You then to the and to to to recorded once. On the to www.talk.sprintpcs.com and functional Web-based to and Existing Automatically from software with SM Services charge. the Click to within PCS Command www.talk.sprintpcs.com Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Directory Assistance: If or PCS Directory Assistance phone and them to and and to directory charge. With PCS Command Once PCS Command and created hear tone the Ready. the Ready and the of the or the to the or repeated and to to the or to The that PCS Command that others the they helpful hints PCS Command, including of commands and interactive www.talk.sprintpcs.com Accessing Information PCS Command the (To access, to and to once Choose from of information weather, sports, and PCS Command while roaming off the Nationwide PCS Network. Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Section PCS Service 3C: PCS Command
Section and Warranty Information Section and Warranty Information
Section 4A This Section the of Reception of and Access to Caring the Battery Warning Precautions Instructions Acknowledging Precautions and the FCC Notice Consumer Information Wireless Phones Specifications Record Notice art of the of PCS knowing where and efficiency. This section performance and that the that PCS to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the of Reception The of each or the informs of the of to the The displayed, the the If reception. the If to of searching, activated. If phone active, it service or found, phone to basically and receiver. turned and (RF) the the This from to The of with updated NCRP below. To further RF the of and the power-efficient the of and (IEEE) and the American National (ANSI) with to to RF More than and physicians from government health and this the of research. the (FCC) this updated the FCC consisting of the existing ANSI/IEEE and the published the National Council of Radiation Protections and (NCRP). Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Phones Performance There to operating properly and satisfactory service. the phone shoulder when to or the Dont the phone the directly the microphone. and to or If immediately the off and the battery. If inoperable, to or PCS Customer service. the of Authorized should service and service the warranty. of and Access to FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS OUTLINED MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS PERSONAL INJURY AND POSSIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE While while (or operating the phone without hands-free as to that first. the to know and its features, such as and within easy reach. the to know necessary, the heavy or weather or while Section and Warranty Information 4A:
and the traffic; when stationary or traffic. or that from the to serious Its free from wireless phone to others or wireless when necessary. Purchase optional Following To and efficiently, follow regulations Turn off where or when interference or Near Other Devices shielded from (RF) RF from wireless shielded RF improperly or shielded operating and/or with the or their to these shielded from RF with the that to vehicle. the of such as and hearing to they shielded from RF off the health and using the Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Turning Flying Turn off To interference with the U.S. Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations to from to as while the the ground. To of interference, FCC regulations as while the the Turning To with operations, off when or other with indicating should turned off. Construction crews often RF to off Turn off when that atmosphere. Although and or fire, or death. These clearly They such as stations Below or or where the chemicals or such as or other where normally to off vehicles or or the of vehicle that or Restricting Childrens Access to toy. allow to with as they themselves and others, the or that increase Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the Battery Protecting The below the of batterys performance. specified and chargers. These to life. other or chargers warranty and to the only that from to C to C). Dont the charger or high areas, such as the bathroom. of the the top of the clean. Dont to or short-circuit the battery. The recharging of Its to the when performance. It recharged of replacing. the that the recommended to C to C]). of Lithium (LiIon) options of Sprint-authorized service to of properly. areas, the of household or business prohibited. or battery. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Warning Should the heat, or the the AC and Sprint-authorized service shock, or Should the heat, or or or the the AC and Sprint-authorized service shock, or Should or other the the the AC and Sprint-authorized service or shock Should this or the the the AC and Sprint-authorized service shock, or this or shock this shock that from the recommended. or shock the with shock or the cord. or heavy items top of the cord. or shock the the or it the or shock from Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the of the AC or shock or allow this to or shock with or or this as the and the or shock this of high or Malfunction, fire, or shock the where such as bathroom or shower. or shock fire or heat or heat this microwave or or this of restricted such as aircraft. It the of and this other that Malfunction allow to that from this from this of the reach of Should child of from this immediately physician. from the and the outlet the AC from the there thunderstorm warning or there of or malfunction If charging the charging and Sprint-authorized service Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Should from the DO NOT them. Immediately with and Should from the with or clothes, immediately with that the from the their heads or their mouths. Suffocation or of this shock, or malfunction or wires or other to the terminals of this shock, or malfunction heavy top of this as the or and malfunction or as the and malfunction or of of such as of fire, or to The casing become excessively or The of the become causing fire or malfunction. or cover or the AC with cloth. The of the become causing fire or malfunction. the too or with The from the and or property of Malfunction If immediately of this and burns, itching, or with users. malfunction. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
to or switches this to that the the or malfunction If charging the of too the LED charging and charging charging from to C to C). If the LED the AC the and authorized service this while the AC from the to the cord, fire, or shock the its when of of outlet the the to or or shock this of the from the outlet Insulation fire, or shock Also, that previously backed-up. the AC that to both the and the specified the rating plate of the AC as and fire The AC AC type and should connected to Connecting to that should using that AC or cords specifically this or the AC malfunction, or strongly or the shock or malfunction Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the when located back to the malfunction, or The of the people. it of the reach of the this of hour to to and this while chemicals such as malfunction, or the with cloth. Water the and malfunction. Precautions Memory of this or to operation or malfunction. memory or the AC the the or the which caused of memory. recommended roughly or this to this other than those specified or recommended. the specified with this injury, malfunction, or fire from or Instructions that of the straight when they or from the Forcing the them to force when or memory the of the Section and Warranty Information 4A:
heavy the with force or around the Lightly from the cloth. The and the AC become This the AC when charging the battery. other than or the accompanying to the This the screen to become scratched or and injury. lightly when using the accompanying the without cleaning off the to scratch. The softcase accompanying this this only. other than the the softcase. To of information when of or this and the to its information Acknowledging Precautions and the FCC Notice FCC Notice This TV or interference to The FCC to the such interference or comply with the National Protection (NFPA-58). of this the National Protections Association, One Batterymarch Quincy, MA Publication Section and Warranty Information 4A:
or to the warranty this and authority to this specified and chargers. Although of and or the Unauthorized modifications, or the or of FCC the with Please SAR conducted operating specified the FCC with the its highest tested Although the SAR the highest the SAR of the while below the This the to as to the to reach the the to wireless the the Absorption Rates (SAR) Wireless Phones The SAR that to the relative amount of RF the head of user of wireless The SAR of the of testing, and process. It RF the tested their highest laboratory when operation, the SAR of substantially than the to the FCC. This of of factors including its to phone and other factors. What to that each the which incorporates of stated SAR SAR Section and Warranty Information 4A:
or below the of the The highest reported SAR of the [ABLSH-G1000] PCS Head: FCC This phone the FCC FCC ID ABLSH-G1000. More information the SAR found from the following FCC FCC RF Information to comply with FCC RF operation, of other comply with FCC RF Worn Operation the softcase and of this without the softcase and comply with FCC RF the the the the softcase with the front flip-cover wrapped and the back as illustrated below. This to when the speakerphone operation and the of this other FCC RF Section and Warranty Information 4A: flip-cover Softcase
the with operated performance both should the Although the softcase to allow this the softcase to comply with RF this Normal While the phone operation, the softcase to comply with RF information about RF the FCC www.fcc.gov FCC Warning: This with of the FCC to the following This interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the from that to which the connected. the or to the or the authority to the Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Consumer Information Wireless Phones (The following information from information sponsored the U.S. Food and Administration (FDA) and the (FCC), Facts: Consumer Information Wireless Phones. The information further please the What (RF)? (RF) another waves. It of that the of the other of the and light. (or radiation) consists of waves of and together through The where these waves found field. waves created to the of charges they created, these waves from the waves the of light. The the of waves the covered of the and the of waves that The wavelength the covered of wave. The the of waves second. wave, the the the of light. The of RF usually One second. One thousand waves second, waves second, and waves second. RF includes waves with from about waves to waves Microwaves of waves that from around waves to three waves Section and Warranty Information 4A:
used? Probably the of RF telecommunications. and TV broadcasting, wireless and fire and RF Other of RF include heaters and sealers, and treatments. RF microwave heat food high microwaves cook food RF to and as as applications. heaters and RF to products, leather items such as and and food. of RF include and measured? RF waves and RF both and It often to the of the RF field terms of each the to the field strength, and the to the field strength. Another to characterize RF field of the as terms of thousandth of or millionth of The to RF actually the the Absorption Rate or SAR. The SAR of the of absorption of RF It expressed of or What caused RF The effects of should confused with the from other of high of such as found and where Section and Warranty Information 4A:
from their locations and It permanently including DNA, the only with high of such as and the when (such as that associated with The associated with including both waves and microwaves, enough to the of and Therefore, RF type of radiation. Other of include light, (heat) and other of with relatively of RF heat This and increase of the the and the to RF heating there relatively flow them to heat. The amount of RF routinely encountered the too to heating or increased people about the health of of RF It that further research to what actually and whether they to the organizations and government to the to whether to health. FDA, EPA and other US government health and together and with WHO to and research related to RF effects. What of RF organizations and countries to These of both the and the United States, the FCC RF Section and Warranty Information 4A:
The FCC to RF from the of organizations, the National Council Radiation Protection and (NCRP) and the of and (IEEE). both the and from industry, government, and of the related to the of RF countries and the International Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). The ICNIRP to those of the NCRP and IEEE, with ICNIRP the and and from products such as hand- wireless telephones. Currently, the World Health to framework international harmonization of RF The NCRP, IEEE, and ICNIRP Absorption Rate (SAR) of as threshold of which of field strength, and SAR then from this threshold the NCRP, IEEE, and ICNIRP the of the RF This to the that absorption of RF with the of the RF The restrictive the of where the RF efficiently. products that only of the such as wireless of SAR specified. The the FCC of SAR, and strength, and operating from to The found FCC OET and Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the FCC RF The FCC authorizes and products, and that RF and radiation. It services the U.S. those specifically operated the Government. While the FCC the to its own, the and authority to and technically sound other and organizations, and with the FDA this of the of inter-agency and this health and the National of (NEPA), the FCC to whether its actions the of the Therefore, FCC and of and the to RF of factors that such the FCC revised its RF as of year proceeding and as the Telecommunications of and stations, satellite-earth stations, stations and wireless to RF when they to the FCC or of facility or of to comply with the FCCs RF to the of and rejection of Technical with the FCC RF found the FCCs OET or RF and normally from the RF These based and indicating that or operating the to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
of the of from rather, from The FCCs RF and found Section of the FCCs and CFR the Absorption Rate (SAR) wireless The FCC that wireless the United States with adopted the FCC The amount of RF the head of wireless telephone-user the Absorption Rate (SAR), as The FCC wireless to with of of SAR. Information SAR phone obtained recently the FCC (ID) that The FCC ID usually somewhere the of the to the to the Once the ID to the following On this instructions the FCC ID the FCC ID exactly as (the the first three characters, the Product the of the FCC ID Then Search. The of Authorization telephone should appear. through the the section SAR Compliance, of with FCC RF or This section should the typical or SAR Phones and other products authorized should the SAR noted directly the of Authorization. and products authorized about and information SAR typically found the associated with the Once accessed, the clicking authorized to of the rather, the of records. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
The FCC SAR information from other as wireless SAR information their own non-government of wireless the FCC these and of their Finally, the Telecommunications and Association (CTIA) to SAR information to the instructional that with the hands-free wireless reduce from to RF Since there known from to RF from wireless there reason to that hands-free reduce with wireless and comfort. These reduce the absorption of RF the head because the which the of the RF the head. On the other hand, the mounted the or other of the then that of the RF Wireless the U.S. to of whether they the head or the Either should with the wireless that to shield the head from RF Since there known from to RF from wireless there reason to that that to shield the head from those reduce products that to shield the from RF absorption while others nothing than accessory attached to the shown that these products as hand-free these shields with operation of the The forced to its to leading to increase RF absorption. February the (FTC) that that to wireless Section and Warranty Information 4A:
users from with and According to FTC, these reasonable to their What wireless telephone stations? wireless telecommunications to as stations, stations, PCS Service) stations or telephone towers. These stations of and the to high the they located towers, or rooftops. Typical heights towers stations that to length, that to as These of found areas. and areas, wireless commonly or sector their stations. These of about The usually three of three each. One each to to wireless and the other each to from wireless At the amount of RF the of and the of each Typically, sector typical sector each of the three connected to to of However, that of the the used, theoretically to this would and, once that would stations PCS than those PCS higher of Section and Warranty Information 4A:
wireless telephone stations The RF from stations the relatively the mounted to thin around the The of sector shaped, of with of the as from the Therefore, RF the ground than to the and the of the fact, ground-level from such typically thousands of than the as organizations. to within and PCS stations the United States to comply with recommended organizations and government health and and PCS mounted towers confirmed that ground-level typically thousands of than the the FCC. fact, to to or the FCC or PCS would to the the height of the and within from the This of to and PCS mounted rooftops, RF that or others would than those typically the ground. approaching or should only to or directly front of the sector- type typically such rooftop stations, RF to the and back of these installations and that might to about facilitys with FCC regulations found Government to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
RF Safety: Procedures, and This Who to from microwave and monitors? The Food and Administration protecting the from from these products. the FCC routinely from The FCC the or the to routinely the the thousands of that to FCC the FCC instrumentation RF that to the or to If there with FCC FCC-regulated facility, from the FCCs Office of and or the FCC and investigation, and, that to about facilitys with FCC found Government to RF Safety: Procedures, and This should brought to the FCCs the FCC RF or the FCC that includes information the location and technical of the towers of the FCC its licensing the service(s) service, earth stations.) The FCC of and based. the of technical operating information collected from the as of the licensing process. the of based licensing PCS, the the authority to geographic as as required, and Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the to the FCC with location and operating of these Information licensed found the Reports The FCC least of their licensing Each licensing its These of The FCCs Office of and (OET) to these Entry the include state/county, and further information the existing or Can and governmental establish RF Although and governments and about to RF the the Telecommunications of the Government to to RF Section of the that, State or government or instrumentality thereof the and of wireless service the of the effects of to the that such comply with the Commissions regulations concerning such information authority and FCC fact sheet from the FCCs Wireless Telecommunications wireless health The that health associated with using wireless There proof, however, that wireless absolutely of (RF) the microwave while used. They of RF when the stand-by Whereas Section and Warranty Information 4A:
high of RF health heating to RF that heating known health effects. of RF found effects. that effects such confirmed research. other researchers those or the reasons What concerning the of wireless the FDA the of products such as wireless they as with or the agency authority to action wireless shown to (RF) that to the such FDA the of wireless to users of the health and to or the that the Although the existing FDA FDA the wireless phone industry to of including the following: research effects of RF of the type wireless wireless that RF to the that function; and Cooperate users of wireless with the information effects of wireless health FDA to interagency of the that responsibility aspects of RF to coordinated the The following to this group: National Occupational and Health Protection Agency Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Occupational and Health Administration National Telecommunications and Information Administration The National of Health interagency as FDA wireless with the Commission (FCC). that the United States comply with FCC that RF FCC FDA and other health about wireless FCC the stations that the wireless While these stations higher than the wireless themselves, the RF that people from these stations typically thousands of than those they from wireless stations the of the this What of the of this The wireless to wireless with built-in often or PCS These of wireless the to (RF) of the the phone and the head. These RF that with the of FDA and other health and the located from the the to RF drastically because RF with increasing from the The which connected to the telephone house, typically and RF within the FCCs What the of the research already? The research conflicting and from their research the of (RF) characteristic of wireless conflicting Section and Warranty Information 4A:
that often repeated other however, that of RF the of laboratory of the that showed increased that genetically or treated with cancer-causing chemicals as to to the of RF Other the to RF to hours These to the which people wireless know with certainty what the of such health. Three published them, the investigated the of wireless and or acoustic of the or gland, or other cancers. of the the of health from wireless RF of the about the of phone these around three years. What research to whether RF from wireless health of laboratory and of people actually wireless would of the that completed years. However, of would to of promoting that directly to or years follow-up to about health effects, such as This because the the of to cancer-causing and the they years. The of RF of wireless factors this such as the which the phone or which of phone used. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
What FDA to about the health of wireless phone RF? FDA with the U.S. National Toxicology and with of around the to that high conducted to about the of to (RF). FDA leading the World Health International (EMF) its inception of this the of of research that the of research around the world. The of information EMF FDA and the Telecommunications Association (CTIA) Cooperative Research and (CRADA) to research wireless FDA the oversight, input from industry, and organizations. research conducted through to The research include both laboratory and of wireless users. The CRADA include broad of research the of the research around the What to reduce to from wireless If there from these productsand this that there isit concerned about to to (RF). factor reducing the amount of wireless phone reduce RF If wireless phone and the of the RF, the off dramatically with and the wireless from or wireless phone connected to Section and Warranty Information 4A:
the that wireless harmful. concerned about the RF from these products, those to reduce RF from wireless What about wireless The to of wireless including children and If to to to (RF), the would apply to children and wireless Reducing the of wireless and increasing the the and the RF reduce RF other governments that from wireless the government the United distributed containing such They noted that that wireless phone or other effects. Their to wireless children strictly precautionary; based that health What about wireless interference with (RF) from wireless interact with this reason, FDA to interference (EMI) of implanted and from wireless telephones. This of sponsored the Association the of instrumentation (AAMI). The FDA, and other completed This allow to that and from wireless EMI. FDA tested hearing interference from wireless and the of and (IEEE). This and performance hearing Section and Warranty Information 4A:
and wireless that interference when phone and hearing the This the IEEE FDA to the of wireless interactions with other Should interference found to FDA testing to the interference and to the Which other related to RF health effects? the Government researching or related to to RF radiation. These include the Food and Administration (FDA), the Protection Agency (EPA), the Occupational and Health Administration (OSHA), the National Occupational and Health (NIOSH), the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) and the of (DOD). authority of the Radiation Health and of the and Health (CDRH) of the FDA performance the of from products including other products and The CDRH established performance microwave the amount of RF from the CDRH performance other products. The FDA the health agency the research and other with to the of products the such as and PCS The microwave (as to that allows of (measured from the The to interlock that the from microwaves the that the released or the of the The FDA stated that that Section and Warranty Information 4A:
its and to the and More information from: The EPA has, the to RF radiation. EPA related to RF and health presently to the EPA chairs Inter-agency Group, which RF health-related the with health or this OSHA protecting from to and physical OSHA issued protection of to RF CFR this to and based earlier RF that revised. At the OSHA the IEEE and/or FCC information NIOSH of the U.S. of Health and Services. It research and investigations related to to and physical NIOSH has, the to RF adopted the agency. NIOSH related RF through its Physical Effects Branch The NTIA agency of the U.S. of and authorizing Government of the RF the FCC, the NTIA NEPA and RF from U.S. Government such as and The of (DOD) conducted research the of RF of years. This research conducted the U.S. Force Research Laboratory located Force Texas. The DOD RF Section and Warranty Information 4A:
information with other with other of information, below. Who and research the of RF Research of RF the United States and around the the U.S., research the of to the of RF such as and high-powered health and such as the Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Food and Administration (FDA), and conducted research this At the of the research effects of RF the U.S. industry organizations. More research overseas, the World Health (WHO) established the International EMF to the and of health the of RF technology. WHO that information this and about RF and research www.who.ch/peh-emf FDA, EPA and other US government health and together and with WHO to and research related to RF effects. Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Specifications PXA255 with Memory RAM 32MB SDRAM ROM 32MB EEPROM (PCS), (GPS) 3.5-inch TFT LCD Touch Jog-wheel Interface Microphone, The of memory and MB. though the with high technologies, appear and appear This malfunction. inch) headphones, the SD conformed. The SD security function that which the SD security function. This Section and Warranty Information 4A: LED (Charging, Rotary VGA IrDA IrDA SD SD USB function USB type AC
Lithium DC, capacity: (25C when the AC AC, DC, (W) (H) (D) USB (W) (H) (D) USB 0C to 40C to 0C to 35C to to (There should The operating as reference; and this and operating With the LCD switched off. This and function and repeated with the LCD backlight switched off. the of 25C switching the Confirm that the displayed the The AC AC. the than AC, that the Projections excluded. Charging Approx. hours holding Section and Warranty Information 4A: Approx. hours PDA hours
Record The and located the Record the the below. This helpful to about phone the SH-G1000 Notice CDMA QUALCOMM Incorporated or of the following T9 Text and covered U.S. U.S. U.S. and other Section and Warranty Information 4A:
Section 4B Customer Warranty This Section Customer Warranty his section the Customer Warranty PCS Phone. information about the Terms and Conditions of PCS Service, please the included with the of the Terms and Conditions, please www.sprintpcs.com Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
Customer Warranty SPRINT SPECTRUM, L.P., offers warranty that the (Product), including the free from or workmanship as follows: SUBSCRIBER UNIT: A. SPRINT ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY: of from the of purchase, its option, the and charges to authorized PCS service facility to or (with or this and charges. B. REPAIRS: to the of the warranty Product or the the of whichever or (with or or Product the of of the Product this Warranty. of purchase the from of of or warranty which that the Product within the warranty to warranty service. This warranty to third party, including to purchaser or of the Products. or of Product terminate warranty coverage with to the Products. This warranty cover and with to the following: Products which improperly repaired, or (including the Products which subjected to (including Products with electrically or mechanically incompatible or with physical operation, and to fire, or or or or Products operated published ratings; (including the LCD Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
Products which warranty or Product or instruction; of or reception caused and workmanship); the of fire, acts of or other acts which the of and which the Product to including caused and (such as or Products which repaired, or other than or authorized service This warranty cover education, instruction, installation, or reception This warranty only the United States. USE WITH ACCESSORIES NOT SUPPLIED BY SPRINT OR OTHERWISE NOT EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED BY SPRINT MAY BE DANGEROUS. SPRINT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY, AND SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE TO BUYER ANY OTHER REMEDY, FOR ANY AND ALL DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, LOST SALES, LOSS OF USE OF THE PRODUCT, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS ARISING OUT OF USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY PRODUCT (FOR EXAMPLE, WASTED AIRTIME CHARGES DUE TO THE MALFUNCTION OF PRODUCT), DAMAGE DUE TO IMPROPER OPERATION OR MAINTENANCE, INSTALLATION, CONNECTION TO IMPROPER VOLTAGE SUPPLY. OR ATTEMPTED REPAIR OF THE PRODUCT BY ANYONE OTHER THAN FACILITY AUTHORISED BY SPRINT. THIS WARRANTY DOSE NOT COVER PRODUCTS SOLD AS IS OR WITH ALL FAULTS, OR CONSUMABLES, (SUCH AS FUSES). THIS WARRANTY DOES NOT APPLY WHEN THE MALFUNCTION RESULTS FROM USE OF THE PRODUCT IN CONJUNCTION WITH ACCESSORIES, PRODUCTS OR ANCILLARY OR PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT NOT SUPPLIED BY OR EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED FOR USE BY SPRINT, AND WHERE IT IS DETERMINED BY SPRINT THAT THERE IS NO FAULT WITH THE PRODUCT ITSELF. REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT, AS PROVIDED UNDER THE WARRANTY, IS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
WARRANTY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SPRINT MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD SPECIFIED IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ON THIS PRODUCT IS LIMITED IN DURATION TO THE DURATION OF THIS WARRANTY. States allow the or of or or allow warranty the or apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from the State to other Warranty Service Information, please PCS CUSTOMER SOLUTIONS Section and Warranty Information 4B: Customer Warranty
Copyright L.P. rights reproduction whole or allowed without written PCS and the of L.P. Microsoft, ActiveSync, NT, and the or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and /or other countries. Microsoft products to Microsoft Licensing, Inc., wholly of Microsoft Corporation. other property of their respective owners. Please that and or the privately the author's copyright protected the Copyright Act.