Platform IBM AST IND INKS Product MP-96RD625-01
IBM /OS
Copyright Corporation, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Notice: of this or or or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or or without the written of Corporation to as the right to to this without and responsibility its products and services the terms and of of the features this currently to the or office information and This the information the of publication. and/or revised information becomes this updated and distributed to users. and service of and the and service of other or or or service of and to products or services of their owners.
of Universal IBM Universal Features...........................................................................................................1-3 About Universal Operations.................................................... Functionality Journal Journal Copy Journal USP Software........................................................2-7 and Remote Units....................................................................2-7 DKC (LDKC) Remote Copy and RCU Ports...........................................................2-10 Journal The of Journal Specifications of Journal Restrictions Journal Journal Areas.........................................................................2-13 Journal Consistency I/O Reporting (ERC)................................................2-18 Remote Copy Operations Initial Copy Operations..............................................................................2-19 IBM /OS
Copy Operation Journal Operations Option Journal Operations Read and I/O Operations Operations Secondary Option Secondary Option Journal Processing.......................................................................................... Journal Processing the of Journal................................................................................ Journal Processing the Secondary Journal the Secondary Selecting and Restoring Journal the Secondary Operation............................................................................ Journal Synchronous Secondary Switching the Journal of Condition Continuity Support............................................................... Command Universal Operations and Restrictions Track Format...................................................................................... One-to-One Copy Operations VOLSER The of Journal Group.......................................................................................... Accessing and Secondary and (NVS) the Hardware................................................................................... Remote Copy the Option(s) and Secondary Behavior and Secondary and Secondary Secondary IBM /OS
Paths and to Secondary Creating Remote Command Devices to Secondary with Other Products and Functions LVI................................................................................................3-25 Function Combining with Synchronous (3DC Procedure to the Synchronous (3DC Procedure Creating Operation.............3-43 Performing to 3DC Recovering from from Secondary to the 3DC from Secondary to the 3DC from Secondary to the 3DC Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary from the Secondary to the of Journal Computing Journal RAID and Journal Journal Computing the Journal Capacity.....................................................3-57 Contributing Factors Paths.............................................................3-60 DKC Journal that USP/NSC and USP Connected.......................3-60 Option
(LDKC) that Can Connected to USP/NSC that Can with USP/NSC 3DC Remote Copy with USP/NSC Consistency the GUI Journal DKC Information about Remote Information about Paths Information about the History Optional EXCTG of Consistency of Consistency Group....... of Journal Consistency and Paths and Paths...................................................... Procedure and Secondary Procedure More One and Secondary Used)................................................................................ the Relationship and Secondary DKC).................................................................................. Paths and Paths....................................................................................... the of Paths.................................................................. Paths..................................................................................... or SIM Reporting.......................................................... Clearing Service Information and Network Devices Unexpectedly the from the the from the Secondary Universal IBM /OS
the from Network Devices.....................5-24 Turning Intentionally You the You the Secondary You the and Secondary the You Network Devices........................................5-27 the Relationship the and the Secondary Journal Journals..........................................6-2 Journal Journal Group...................................................6-3 Journal from Journal Group...................................................6-9 Information about Journal Journal Group...............................................................6-16 Journal Splitting operation)................................................6-22 Restoring operation) from operation)..........................6-26 Consistency Journal Consistency Group..............................7-2 Consistency Removing Journal from Consistency Forcibly Removing Journal from Consistency Performing Operations Information the the Creating of Information about of Information Text of Restoring of Releasing of Recovering Track...............................................................................8-28 Recovering Track Recovering Track Journal Operations..................................................................... the
Starting and the Graph................................................................... Text History Text Creating Point-in-Time Copy of Performing Recovery Operations Recovery Operations................................................ and Recovery Procedures..................................................... Switching Operations to the Secondary Operations to the Normal Operations the Recovery and Secondary Consistency of Occurs............. Recovery Procedure.............................................................. Recovery 3DC Recovering from the 3DC Recovering from the 3DC Operations.......................................................10-13 and Failback the Normal Operations..................................................................................10-17 Performing Failback Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Universal Software Checking Service Information Calling the and and Abbreviations-1 Index Index-1 Universal IBM /OS
This and instructions the Universal software to and operations the Platform (USP V) Please this to to this and reference This includes the following information: Product Revision this Revision Referenced Convention Capacity Notice: The of and other products the terms of with Universal IBM /OS
This and Authorized Service who and operating the Universal Platform This the following: The user background and RAID and their The with the Universal Platform and the Platform and Reference The user with the software the Universal Platform and the The user with the operating and software the hosting the software. Product This to Universal Platform and higher. Revision MK-96RD625-P February Release MK-96RD625-00 Initial and MK-96RD625-P MK-96RD625-01 Revision and MK-96RD625-00 this Revision to this release. Revision Universal IBM /OS
Referenced The following of the and of this Click the chapter title the to to that chapter. The first of each chapter to the sections that chapter. Chapter Chapter_1_Overview_of_Univers This chapter of the Universal software and its and Chapter_2_About_Universal_Repl This chapter of Universal operations. Chapter_3_Preparing_for_Univer This chapter operations the USP and secondary the the \secondary and the host(s) the and secondary as as the software Chapter_4_Using_the_Universal_ This chapter to the graphical user interface. Chapter_5_Configuring_Storage_ This chapter to the Universal graphical user Systems_an interface. Chapter_6_Configuring_Journal_ This chapter the introduction of the and to operations. Chapter_7_Using_Extended_Con This chapter to operations sistency_Gro than and secondary as as to consistency as EXCTG). Chapter_8_Performing_Pair_Ope This chapter to operations with including rations to of and secondary Chapter_9_Usage_Monitor_Oper This chapter the which to ations I/O statistics to the connected Chapter_10_Usage_Scenarios This chapter to to to Point-in-Time of of Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting information Universal and instructions technical and Abbreviations the and this the topics this alphabetical Universal Platform V: LUN MK-96RD615 and Reference MK-96RD635 MK-96RD621 Continuity and Reference MK-94RD247 MK-94RD210 LVI/LUN and MK-96RD630 Universal IBM /OS
Universal MK-94RD626 the Timeout Function Combining Universal with IBM MK-94RD623 The Universal Platform V and USP V to of the Platform V, otherwise noted. This the following typographic Indicates other than the title, including buttons, and Click OK Indicates which text the or Indicates text that or the Indicates which text the or <group> Indicates optional that choose or nothing. Indicates or expected that choose or Indicates that choice or options or Indicates the This the following to to information: Typographic Convention to to to and/or information. helpful information, or effectively. Warns the of and/or operations). WARNING Warns the of and/or operations). DANGER information about to physical to and others. IBM /OS that choose or nothing. that choose or
Convention Capacity ELECTRIC SHOCK Warns the of shock to HAZARD! serious ESD Warns the that the to (ESD). to grounded wriststrap) to the Physical capacity capacity) based the following KB MB GB TB PB capacity) based the following KB MB GB TB PB If to the to as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of the The of The information the FD The service information including reference and severity The If technical please United States: the United States: Universal IBM /OS
Please this to include the title, and revision. Please to section(s) and whenever Technical M/S Ranch CA Thank become the property of Corporation.) Universal IBM /OS
of Universal IBM Chapter About Universal Operations This chapter of the software and its features and This chapter covers the following topics: Universal IBM /OS
The software through the Platform V, the recovery and Since its introduction the Universal Platform and Network the Universal software protection the asynchronous replication and recovery where downtime costly. increasing amounts of of and operating locations, while of and the To these software the performance associated with replication while business continuity. Through the RAID Universal and recovery that to of or replicated asynchronously without the or replication significantly reducing The Universal software organizations to: the cache and production/primary Simplify the of flexibility off Recovery and easily of easily the Platform and the Chapter Universal Operations IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations Universal the following features: Used with the Universal Platform or Network software and recovery and of Universal software connected to Universal Platform or Network to from to other of operating or This as as increased and options. More Replication software replication the to and of rather than cache to the high of other asynchronous approaches. the Universal Platform or Network enough the of cache cache further restoring to its as replication Advanced three choice of or (teams with Synchronous software advanced Consistency and integrity. Please with information. Universal IBM /OS
The business of Universal Continuity Efficiency and with Continuity Operations Simplifies to the recovery and of the type of hosting the business-critical Supports of of locations Synchronous software of replicated without impacting processing, when replication or Works with Platform replication to greatly productivity and to and of advanced to and the protection of from of and software platforms protection Significantly reduces and increases Reduces overhead and of the operations and of Simplifies and of to the of Supports the of only to attached the heritage of and replication software simplified HiCommand and Continuity software IBM Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Operations Integrates tightly with other software products business continuity, further expanding and its TrueNorth cost-effective products and that world-renowned R&D to performance, and business-critical and strengthening Complementary Universal software HiCommand Replication software Synchronous software, which Replication software high-speed replication within Continuity software and IBM Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
About Universal Operations Chapter Universal Operations This chapter of Universal operations: Functionality Remote Copy Operations Journal Processing Operation Continuity
Functionality Universal and recovery amounts of that The UR group-based consistency and recovery, without the recovery procedures. The UR the secondary recovered with consistency the to asynchronous operations. This functionality protection write- the of UR to copying from the the to the secondary the secondary the location. To this function, the function the the function the and secondary and the function the secondary with the and secondary and the consistency the the the secondary the secondary the write to assigned the with the function, to the which integrity. UR reduces the of to of from the to the secondary the write from the the and high-reliability UR shows of UR operations. Chapter Operations Universal IBM /OS
Journal Chapter About Operations instruction Journal Journal function function Secondary UR Journal the function to the already the as the the then, this function the write as the with every of the to the write instruction from the host. The operation to the instruction of or operation from the The write from the assigned to the According to this information, the write consistency the secondary The from the the cache. Therefore, the function the asynchronously from the the the from the and the to the Universal IBM /OS Journal Journal function Secondary Secondary Secondary
Journal Copy Journal the function to the the the to the the secondary The secondary the to the to to the that the to the or operation instruction from the The the the to the secondary to the it the that should If the the the information The secondary the that from the the the secondary The commands issued repeatedly and from the secondary to the the stopped. the restored, the from the secondary to the when the issued. According to this information, the the Journal Journal the function to the the to the secondary the secondary The the to the secondary to the write This the write the and secondary the to the secondary the the secondary operations the USP the and secondary the physical these and the USP software. the the to the offline the secondary the using You the software with the GUI the USP software. software effective recovery with of that of located I/O function MVS functional reporting (ERC) to to recover shows the and their Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Operations the (MVS) function (MVS) function subsystem subsystem (LDKC) CHT CHT RCU RCU MCU SVP SVP RCU LAN (TCP/IP) shows the secondary of connecting with than secondary that one-to-one relationship each group. Universal IBM /OS Reporting Communications the secondary Copy (LDKC) Secondary
of Secondary This USP DKC and and secondary Journal Journal Remote and RCU USP software I/O function reporting (ERC) Chapter Operations Universal IBM /OS Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary
USP Software and Units Chapter About Universal Operations operations the USP the and secondary The consists of the and SVP. The secondary consists of the (secondary and SVP. To flexibility and to the USP to tailored to operating or optional the USP At installation, the USP to their to these with team. The USP USP includes the USP The USP software with the SVP of each USP TCP/IP further information USP operations, please to the or account team. The PC the attached to the You should PC the secondary to secondary PC the secondary to the of the secondary and the secondary the of If to operations the from the secondary to the recovery), the USP software and this process. If the USP PC please account information services. The and (secondary operations: IBM /OS
The the the which the of the and The PC LAN-attached to the The with the secondary the The the I/O operations to the and the of the as as the and operations the and the secondary The secondary the the secondary which the secondary of the and The secondary copying of and restoring of to secondary The secondary the and write to the secondary The secondary the command to the and copying of The secondary PC should connected to the secondary the secondary LAN. The secondary should attached to to allow information to reported of with secondary or secondary and to recovery The USP function as or and as secondary or secondary the and interface properly The software allows to specify the secondary from the connected operations the USP further information the USP command please to the Continuity and Reference to specify the of and secondary You to specify the of and secondary the If to the please account team. DKC (LDKC) The USP the CU Unit) the CUs to of CUs. Each that USP These DKC or LDKC There the USP and and assigned to each LDKC. Chapter Operations Universal IBM /OS
Remote Copy Chapter About Universal Operations Each LDKC CUs, however the of CUs that USP products to Therefore, the of that USP products LDKC). The the physical the to with the secondary Remote the and secondary The and secondary connected interface You from the to the secondary and from the secondary to the to established both of these interface shortwave) used, switches than and to supported. If the the and secondary than the wave interface required. interface wave) used, switches than and to supported. section Remote Copy further information and the FC The and secondary the following 1-to-1 connected to secondary This the consistency of or within the strongly recommends that establish least from the to the secondary and to this path. IBM /OS
and RCU The and the RCU both the and secondary The the connected to the RCU the secondary the interface. The the secondary connected to the RCU the The the secondary command to the and then the RCU the to the secondary to the command. interface of the USP as The with the The connected to the interface other than the or the secondary and the The interface that assigned the RCU connected to the the switch. section the information interface operations created the Each consists of and secondary which located The the which the and the secondary the secondary which the or operations, the to and write I/O operations. operations, the secondary host-requested write the secondary The secondary write option allows write to secondary while the and the secondary and to the section Secondary Option). the LVI/LUN (VLL) and features, that of and copying and This that user backed or duplicated. section VOLSER further information LU and Chapter Operations IBM /OS
Journal The of Journal Specifications of Journal of and their capacity: About Operations used, to other which The (which to as that and highly operations without of operations. the and the secondary temporarily, operations the recovered. If from to the temporarily than the and the secondary operations the and the secondary than the cache memory operations from to the relatively of than the and the secondary One to of the and RAID Journal and each the group. The following DKU allowed Table Journal Supported Emulation DKU OPEN-V You VLL Journal the of capacity. and the of capacity. Universal IBM /OS that with USP of referenced.
RAID products: containing VMA as information about VMA, please to the Restrictions Journal Chapter Universal Operations consists of areas: and the other Journal RAID that USP V. Journal physical that USP V. The which You the first the group. You of the following the the first the group, or released) the suspended. the of release or of If from to the as You to If when when least copying), the of the the section) and the used. To the to the the and then the the the high. operation the the used. To the the IBM /OS
Access from to Journal Journal Chapter About Universal Operations You of the following the the first the group, or released) the suspended. You to If from where the (LDEV) If to the as the LVI/LUN (VLL). the the instructions formatting please to the LVI/LUN and that to the to the as If from to the as You from to This that from and write to The consists of the and the The ratio of to the within the group. the the that the further information the The that the the If the or the of the or become with the or the that the to to this timeout watch) as option. This timeout within the of to seconds. options, section Journal Group. Universal IBM /OS
Journal consists of or and It that allows to and to to business The the to as the group. The the secondary to as the The the the The the the The the the secondary The the the The from the the group. The the and to paired and The and to the The of and that paired One and to only group. and that to the group. information about the of Consistency To operations than and than secondary while consistency, as EXCTG). of This the EXCTG" to to consistency This the "secondary EXCTG" to to consistency secondary To operations than and than secondary while consistency, secondary EXCTG. Also, recommended that EXCTG, the EXCTG to the and secondary You of to four the consistency group, consistency The following specifications of consistency Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Consistency of Chapter About Universal Operations Specifications of Consistency Item Specifications The of consistency that created to four The of that consistency The following of consistency and secondary the following when consistency to secondary the following The following consistency of within group: the consistency the of that to secondary and then the each group. the shown the each as follows: Journal the Journal the Journal the Journal the searches the from the and to that to the secondary the shown the that or earlier to the secondary Journal to Journal to Journal to Journal to Universal IBM /OS to
Consistency Universal Operations consistency Journal that to to secondary that to to secondary of that Not Restored to Secondary the of consistency and displayed. These the following The consistency of the of the the which guaranteed. the shown the of the consistency The consistency of the of the the shown the consistency of to as follows. The consistency of Journal The consistency of Journal The consistency of Journal The consistency of Journal The consistency of the of the that when the becomes suspended. the shown the or immediately restored, the of the as follows. If Journal suspended, the consistency If Journal suspended, the consistency If Journal suspended, the IBM /OS Journal Journal Journal
I/O Chapter About Universal Operations If Journal suspended, the consistency If and then to recover from the please with than the consistency of the consistency to secondary the the consistency of the consistency and therefore the following to secondary with the with the with the If secondary and then to recover from the please the consistency of the group, and then the consistency Next, please with than the to the secondary the the consistency of the to the consistency of the following to secondary with the with the with the and with the with the and with the If to establish the I/O function the the The I/O which MVS the that Compatible XRC The I/O function should the the secondary that when copying the If the the and/or secondary consists of CPU SYSPLEX to reference the I/O function. Universal IBM /OS
Reporting (ERC) reporting (ERC), which information the and secondary of recovery You ERC using technology, or other and Neither the software ERC the and secondary as tool, ERC recommended as recovery ERC to effective recovery operations. to the information which IEA491E This information should to the the ERC effective and recovery. Remote Copy Operations the of operations: and operations This section the following topics that related to operations with Initial operation the section) Chapter Universal Operations instruction updated Secondary Universal IBM /OS Initial Secondary Secondary
Initial Copy Operations Chapter About Universal Operations operation and write I/O operations Secondary write option Secondary option Initial operations the and the secondary Initial operations from Initial operations when or when The operation the that obtained from the the to the secondary and then the to the secondary If the the the of the as the base- The of the or of to the The from the to the secondary the secondary read-journal command. to the secondary the where the secondary that, the the to the secondary that the the secondary with the the The the or the the The the when the resynchronization operation The the created when the created. The obtained when the of the from the to the the that recorded both and secondary to the suspended, the of that from the to the and secondary recorded to the The of to the secondary to the command from the secondary that, the restored from the to the secondary The when restored. Universal IBM /OS
If to or or within the group, the of of the the and then the of another the Therefore, the restoring the delayed. You specify as the operations. If the selected, operations The responsibility when that the completely the as the secondary Copy Operation write I/O to of operation operation, the that written to the obtained as The to the secondary and then restored to the secondary The that the writes to the as the that the to. the secondary commands, from the to the secondary asynchronously with of write the host. that to the secondary the that the secondary The secondary the to the secondary the write that the secondary the updated. Journal Operations consistency to of The and secondary of the located within physical and physical secondary (1-to-1 than updated, the that the within the that the to. Consistency paired to consistency Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Option Journal Operations About Universal Operations This section the following operation options type option Journal operations The type option allows to specify the the to the information each The following selection: the option selected, the the information each as follows. established, the reports (SCI) to hosts. The then of commands to the change, and the the as the to XRC to I/O the Once I/O activated, the MVS IOS attaches the information of time-of-day (TOD) clock) to each write I/O the The the that the (SSCH) the and the to the the of each I/O operation. the option selected, the information from the I/O function. This option selected when the of from the secondary to the the option selected, the information from the I/O function. the following group-based operations to and or recovery operations the group. section Splitting operation) of the option. group. section Restoring operation) of the Range-Group option. Universal IBM /OS
operations the secondary and I/O Operations Operations I/O the the from the If the the RAID-1 or RAID-5 recovers the The the secondary recovery. write I/O the with PAIR the the operation, as as writing to the The the write operations of the operations the secondary The secondary the the secondary to the write of This the consistency the and secondary If the write the reports and the this operation. If the operation the secondary the affected or the group, the type of the or the and secondary the resynchronization of the section further information types. operations, the secondary allow secondary to (mounted), and therefore from and write to secondary The secondary write option allows write to secondary while the the section). The secondary write option when the from the Chapter Universal Operations Release group. section from operation) of the Range-Group option. group. section operation) of the Range-Group option. Release of their section from operation) of the Range-Group option. Universal IBM /OS
Secondary Option Secondary Option Chapter About Universal Operations the DEVSERV to the secondary INDETERMINATE FAILING UNIT the of secondary INTERVENTION REQUIRED the of secondary offline. flexibility, secondary write option which write I/O to the secondary of The secondary write option selected the the operation and to the selected The secondary write option when connected to the which the secondary write option the secondary the secondary to the and the the and secondary to which out-of This resynchronization of the flexibility, offers secondary option. The the secondary option the secondary The secondary option allows to secondary while the suspended, that without to release the The secondary allow to only the VOLSER of the secondary that the secondary to the as the while the suspended. other write rejected the secondary The the VOLSER of the back the secondary when the resumed. the secondary option and/or the suspended, the secondary and write to secondary The (updated write or the and the secondary each track split/suspended the the and secondary and the to the secondary IBM /OS
The of affects the of that created the the of section The of Journal Processing The the and the information (associated information), which the secondary to consistency of the secondary includes: Creating and the the section), Copying to the secondary the secondary Selecting and restoring the secondary of Journal Processing the (host-requested write I/O) the creates to to secondary The the cache first, and then the information attached to obtained, information created and UR cache or the Information Journal type of or LDEV The of that the The and the and of sub-block length) LDEV The of that the Journal The of and the sub-block Journal The that assigned when the obtained The when the Chapter Operations IBM /OS
of Journal Journal Processing the Secondary Journal the Secondary About Universal Operations The the write that the created each group. The to the secondary with the I/O. The secondary the secondary the as the to the information the the SVP or the SVP to the the information to the secondary This information when and when power-off initiated, and of from secondary the the to the secondary The secondary as and I/O operations, to the The RIO the FBA command. The RIO, their Therefore, the usually to the secondary than the created the The secondary that the to the secondary the This of I/O the of system-to-secondary You that of I/O. further please account team. secondary the that from to the command. The the cache first, and then the IBM /OS
The the from its the of which to the command from the secondary This the and secondary connected Selecting and Restoring Journal the Secondary The secondary selects to to (or restored") as follows: The secondary the as the information to distinguish the to the that assigned to the from the If the the the secondary If the the The secondary whether the should or to this If the the secondary the the top of the the the secondary selects the which the lowest and then this The secondary and to and the Chapter Universal Operations IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations the selection and the secondary This shows that S1 arrives the secondary because the information The secondary selects S1 to S1 the lowest S1 from the of numbers, S2 becomes the top entry, The information of S2 The secondary S2. S2 arrives, the secondary selects S2 as the to The selected the secondary as host-dirty and treated as S2 S4 S3 S1 S1 to S4: The arrived. The Selecting and Journal the Secondary The secondary and the to the secondary as follows: Journal the cache The to the and to Universal IBM /OS Selecting S1
Journal the using and Synchronous 3DC as of the 3DC there and secondary Synchronous and secondary information about 3DC section Synchronous (3DC If the 3DC to Continuity to the Synchronous secondary as the If the Synchronous secondary becomes The the operation, to the operation consists of the the the the the other the the recovery the Processing the the the section) Processing the recovery the section Switching the Journal of Journal Synchronous Secondary To operation when to the the Synchronous secondary of 3DC Specify the Synchronous R-VOL Synchronous secondary as the and the secondary as the secondary to the operation. operation, the of Synchronous and secondary the Synchronous secondary as The following shows Chapter Universal Operations The from the to cache. The that to cache to the existing cache and to that, the the released. IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations Synchronous, M-VOL VOL subsystem Copying Synchronous flow 3DC Occurs) shown IBM /OS JNL VOL Synchronous secondary secondary R-VOL VOL secondary subsystem secondary secondary JNL VOL secondary subsystem JNL VOL Journal flow secondary
created with the option as operation operation when the and operation that there to operation, such as to specify the ID. information about the of creating operation, section Creating Operation. the information about the operation that when the shown the section. that the to to the operation when the the to when the cache memory or shared memory secondary or when obtained Synchronous secondary because of the the or of the track. If the of the operation to follow the section Restoring of and the to Switching the Journal of the (3DC the operation the Synchronous secondary as the group. To switch the group, first Synchronous secondary to the using Continuity then the the of the The following shows Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations Synchronous, UR secondary secondary M-VOL VOL subsystem flow operation 3DC Occurred) Universal IBM /OS JNL VOL Synchronous secondary secondary host) VOL R-VOL) subsystem secondary JNL VOL JNL VOL Journal flow secondary secondary subsystem
the A, Continuity to the Synchronous secondary to the B. If operation this the and operation, first the the to the secondary this only the which to the secondary the secondary the the secondary operation, the of the to This operation the really Compared to the which the whole the operation shorter the recovery of the the of of the of Synchronous secondary automatically. Therefore, the capacity of the which to the secondary of the the secondary to completely copying the to the the secondary that to the of the option, whole the to the secondary or finishes without processing. Usually, the Synchronous and secondary periodically, the of the which to the secondary of the Though, the and the of than of the capacity they to secondary such that operation properly. Warning: the of the of the that or the following the Synchronous then the M-VOL the the and the secondary then the M-VOL the of of the M-VOL the of the Synchronous R-VOL Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations shown operation properly and the recovered from the then the the and the secondary the operation and become the the B. information about the to properly, section Performing Operation. displays the each of specified CU (CUI) the USP Table and the The the of the and the of the and secondary The secondary the of the secondary and the of the secondary the The when the secondary the secondary the and the accordingly. You the information the PC Pairdisplay or the Continuity Pairdisplay command). which assigned to the started, the the of the and secondary to the operation the the of both to from the the the of the and secondary the to from the secondary the secondary the of the secondary to and the the the and the to release from the the the of the and secondary the to release from the secondary the secondary the secondary to and the the release the and the to or suspended, the service information (SIM) to the host(s). If SNMP and USP V, this SIM SNMP which the reason Universal IBM /OS
Universal Operations The and (release) when to accepted, the to the or These to the host. the of both the user and the the change. the of (release), the the If the user the the the of the If caused the to to the reported the of the or releasing the of the or the the the and the completely or released. To the which the or the following C (The seconds) where: C the capacity of the The the of the The the the and the secondary The MB/s second). To the of the The SEQCHK indicated when assigned to consistency with the type from the The SEQCHK and when the to the secondary or the the consistency the secondary and other secondary the consistency To effective recovery, should and the of the SEQCHK The SEQCHK caused of the following: bypassing the MVS I/O The I/O function active the This the section), section Condition). Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations This currently assigned to This the group. this to its to The operation this This the the to This to the the secondary Table types) This synchronized. the section Condition), the the and secondary to the secondary section Condition), the secondary the secondary to from the the the of the and secondary to from the secondary the secondary the of the secondary to the that the or released from the secondary the the of the to This This from or to the or secondary the of affected to the the to This This from (releasing) or to the operation the of affected to (releasing). the the to SEQCHK The secondary the type option. This displayed the and secondary the the information. the information displayed the secondary recovery. The operation. the of the write the Synchronous R-VOL the the operation, releasing operation, or option allowed the occurred the the of the write the Synchronous S-VOL the recovering to operation, releasing operation, or option allowed the IBM /OS
Table and the types, which the reason the the the The to ICKDSF the or to the secondary the the and secondary synchronization completing or operations to the user-specified option. the when the following detected. the secondary section Condition). the that the released the from the secondary to secondary the secondary the related to the secondary secondary or operation, the secondary DFW (DASD write) to the secondary (only DFW selected), or the to with the secondary information operations, section Condition. suspended, the operations to the secondary the and secondary of that and the write the and of the which while the suspended. secondary the consistency which displayed the secondary The of secondary its consistency with to the other secondary the group. Table and the consistency secondary suspended, whether or to the information to the host(s). Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Universal Operations to Secondary secondary MCU Secondary The secondary from the to the The type or Secondary RCU The the secondary which caused the to the The secondary type MCU to The detected that the secondary RCU to because the user released the from the secondary The the secondary the Secondary The with the secondary or I/O this the secondary type MCU MCU IMPL secondary Initial Copy secondary JNL Overflow secondary MCU P/S OFF Secondary The off. Consistency Secondary Consistency This consistency this secondary and other secondary this This secondary recovery the secondary This indicated when: This user-initiated operation with the option to This to that the consistency group, and the option this to Universal IBM /OS The the from the or secondary using the secondary option. The information its memory the IMPL This the completely without than hours and The the operation The the secondary to the the The that overflow.
This with the other its group. consistency this secondary and other secondary this This secondary recovery the secondary releasing the from the secondary This indicated when: Condition operations related to asynchronous operations. Both the and secondary and The Table and which CU the and which suspended. section Troubleshooting troubleshooting information Table Condition The secondary the to or The secondary RCU while selecting the to restored. The secondary the to or The the the shared memory. The secondary the secondary the memory. suspended, the which the following the as (to the operation): The that created the to the secondary The that to the secondary acknowledged the secondary Chapter Universal Operations This user-initiated operation with the option to this to that affected the system-secondary The to that the group. Condition Detected by: to these as the these Universal IBM /OS RCU secondary the or the affected secondary RCU the secondary the group, or the affected secondary the type of
Continuity Chapter About Universal Operations these as the these This that to the secondary and The that reached the secondary these secondary tracks as the secondary these The records write the suspended. (resynchronized), the of the secondary cylinder/track to the and the The then the to the This that the including the this The USP which the Continuity commands. If the the Continuity commands to the USP the operations The Continuity commands allow to release the DKC, and DKC. and Table the USP ID(SAID) further information and instructions please to the Continuity Universal IBM /OS
Table SAID the PATH LINK (FRONT CL1) Location SAID Location 1E CL1-A X'000 1G CL1-J X'0008' 1K CL9-N X'008C' 1B CL9-E X'0084' X'002 CL3-A CL3-J X'0028' CLB-N X'00AC' CLB-E X'00A4' CL5-A X'004 CL5-J X'0048' CLD-N X'00CC' CLD-E X'00C4' CL7-A X'006 CL7-J X'0068' CLF-N X'00EC' CLF-E X'00E4' CL1-B X'000 CL1-K X'0009' CL9-P X'008D' CL9-F X'0085' CL3-B X'002 CL3-K X'0029' CLB-P X'00AD' CLB-F X'00A5' CL5-B X'004 CL5-K X'0049' CLD-P X'00CD' CLD-F X'00C5' CL7-B X'006 CL7-K X'0069' CLF-P X'00ED' CLF-F X'00E5' CL1-C X'000 CL1-L X'000A' CL9-Q X'008E' CL9-G X'0086' CL3-C X'002 CL3-L X'002A' CLB-Q X'00AE' CLB-G X'00A6' CL5-C X'004 CL5-L X'004A' CLD-Q X'00CE' CLD-G X'00C6' CL7-C X'006 CL7-L X'006A' CLF-Q X'00EE' CLF-G X'00E6' CL1-D X'000 CL1-M X'000B' CL9-R X'008F' CL9-H X'0087' CL3-D X'002 CL3-M X'002B' CLB-R X'00AF' CLB-H X'00A7' CL5-D X'004 CL5-M X'004B' CLD-R X'00CF' CLD-H X'00C7' CL7-D X'006 CL7-M X'006B' CLF-R X'00EF' CLF-H X'00E7' 1F CL1-E X'000 1H CL1-N X'000C' 1L CL9-J X'0088' 1A CL9-A X'0080' CL3-E X'002 CL3-N X'002C' CLB-J X'00A8' CLB-A X'00A0' X'004 CL5-E CL5-N X'004C' CLD-J X'00C8' CLD-A X'00C0' X'006 CL7-E CL7-N X'006C' CLF-J X'00E8' CLF-A X'00E0' CL1-F X'000 CL1-P X'000D' CL9-K X'0089' CL9-B X'0081' CL3-F X'002 CL3-P X'002D' CLB-K X'00A9' CLB-B X'00A1' Chapter Operations SAID Location Universal IBM /OS SAID Location SAID
CL5-F X'004 CL5-P X'004D' CLD-K X'00C9' CLD-B X'00C1' CL7-F X'006 CL7-P X'006D' CLF-K X'00E9' CLF-B X'00E1' CL1-G X'000 CL1-Q X'000E' CL9-L X'008A' CL9-C X'0082' CL3-G X'002 CL3-Q X'002E' CLB-L X'00AA' CLB-C X'00A2' CL5-G X'004 CL5-Q X'004E' CLD-L X'00CA' CLD-C X'00C2' CL7-G X'006 CL7-Q X'006E' CLF-L X'00EA' CLF-C X'00E2' CL1-H X'000 CL1-R X'000F' CL9-M X'008B' CL9-D X'0083' CL3-H X'002 CL3-R X'002F' CLB-M X'00AB' CLB-D X'00A3' CL5-H X'004 CL5-R X'004F' CLD-M X'00CB' CLD-D X'00C3' CL7-H X'006 CL7-R X'006F' CLF-M X'00EB' CLF-D X'00E3' Location X'0094 2Q CL2-A X'0010' 2T CL2-J X'0018' 2W CLA-N X'009C' 2N CLA-E CL4-A X'0030' CL4-J X'0038' CLC-N X'00BC' CLC-E X'00B4 CL6-A X'0050' CL6-J X'0058' CLE-N X'00DC' CLE-E X'00D4 CL8-A X'0070' CL8-J X'0078' CLG-N X'00FC' CLG-E X'00F4' X'0095 CL2-B X'0011' CL2-K X'0019' CLA-P X'009D' CLA-F CL4-B X'0031' CL4-K X'0039' CLC-P X'00BD' CLC-F X'00B5 CL6-B X'0051' CL6-K X'0059' CLE-P X'00DD' CLE-F X'00D5 CL8-B X'0071' CL8-K X'0079' CLG-P X'00FD' CLG-F X'00F5' CL2-C X'0012' CL2-L X'001A' CLA-Q X'009E' CLA-G X'0096 X'00B6 CL4-C X'0032' CL4-L X'003A' CLC-Q X'00BE' CLC-G X'00D6 CL6-C X'0052' CL6-L X'005A' CLE-Q X'00DE' CLE-G CL8-C X'0072' CL8-L X'007A' CLG-Q X'00FE' CLG-G X'00F6' CL2-D X'0013' CL2-M X'001B' CLA-R X'009F' CLA-H X'0097 Chapter About Universal Operations Table SAID the PATH LINK (REAR CL2) SAID Location SAID Location IBM /OS SAID Location SAID
CL4-D X'0033' CL4-M X'003B' CLC-R X'00BF' CLC-H X'00B7 CL6-D X'0053' CL6-M X'005B' CLE-R X'00DF' CLE-H X'00D7 CL8-D X'0073' CL8-M X'007B' CLG-R X'00FF' CLG-H X'00F7' 2R CL2-E X'0014' 2U CL2-N X'001C' 2X CLA-J X'0098' 2M CLA-A X'0090 X'00B0 CL4-E X'0034' CL4-N X'003C' CLC-J X'00B8' CLC-A CL6-E X'0054' CL6-N X'005C' CLE-J X'00D8' CLE-A X'00D0 CL8-E X'0074' CL8-N X'007C' CLG-J X'00F8' CLG-A X'00F0' CL2-F X'0015' CL2-P X'001D' CLA-K X'0099' CLA-B X'0091 CL4-F X'0035' CL4-P X'003D' CLC-K X'00B9' CLC-B X'00B1 X'00D1 CL6-F X'0055' CL6-P X'005D' CLE-K X'00D9' CLE-B CL8-F X'0075' CL8-P X'007D' CLG-K X'00F9' CLG-B X'00F1' CL2-G X'0016' CL2-Q X'001E' CLA-L X'009A' CLA-C X'0092 CL4-G X'0036' CL4-Q X'003E' CLC-L X'00BA' CLC-C X'00B2 CL6-G X'0056' CL6-Q X'005E' CLE-L X'00DA' CLE-C X'00D2 CL8-G X'0076' CL8-Q X'007E' CLG-L X'00FA' CLG-C X'00F2' CL2-H X'0017' CL2-R X'001F' CLA-M X'009B' CLA-D X'0093 CL4-H X'0037' CL4-R X'003F' CLC-M X'00BB' CLC-D X'00B3 CL6-H X'0057' CL6-R X'005F' CLE-M X'00DB' CLE-D X'00D3 CL8-H X'0077' CL8-R X'007F' CLG-M X'00FB' CLG-D X'00F3' Command To Continuity the it from the The Continuity from Continuity information about Continuity please to the Continuity and Reference. Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter About Operations You to the Continuity To the and Information the of the and then the LDEV the Information information the Information please to the IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Operations Chapter Operations This chapter operations the USP and secondary the the \secondary and the host(s) the and secondary as as the software: and Restrictions the the Option(s) and Secondary with Other Products and Functions of Journal Contributing Factors that USP/NSC and USP Connected Universal
and Restrictions the following and the section) One-to-one operations VOLSER type Journal Accessing and secondary and NVS operations the USP and secondary containing the and secondary the the and secondary the host(s) the and secondary and the software. The USP with secondary USP with with UR the USP The with the NAS interface supported. Remote section Remote Copy or both the and secondary to shortwave the and secondary from to to shortwave interface with to switches required. to the and secondary from to to interface with to switches Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations greater than third-party products and telecommunications required. based and characteristics. Supported operating (OS): USP the following operating (OS). MVS, OS/390, VOS3, MSP-EX Optional (ERC) function MVS/DFP or If the and/or secondary of CPU SYSPLEX to reference the I/O function. Please account the information platform that The USP software USP operations. The software of the USP software. The to the option(s) the USP section the Option(s)). each USP further information USP operations, please to the or account team. or write to the USP to operations. without or write information. About the of If to Universal with USP/NSC operations USP with USP/NSC. Specifically, the following supported. using from USP to USP/NSC. operation from USP/NSC to USP information about the with USP/NSC, section that USP/NSC and USP Connected. Universal IBM /OS
Track Format the following the which the to these The abort the the both the and secondary the following The and secondary the Record (R0) with of and of The abort the R0 The CCHH and head of R0 to the physical and physical head of the track. The CCHH of each track One-to-One Copy Operations one-to-one relationship the of the (LDEV) assigned to when creating operation, the secondary of that as the secondary of the operation. that to the and the information about operation, section and Synchronous (3DC operations which to than secondary or than to secondary operates rather than and recovery of which that of the to secondary and to this of secondary Operations IBM /OS
VOLSER Universal Operations as the option, the the VOLSER of the to the secondary and therefore the and secondary of the the VOLSER. Since the operating allow the to related to the secondary the they WARNING below). WARNING: If the which become secondary physically attached to the as the which become the the following released, the secondary offline. loaded), the offered both and which should offline the This and to To of VOLSER, the that the CHP OFF or other to that the IPL, LOAD CLEAR. The following DKC and DKU the software. Supported Emulation type DKC CU that with USP DKU that with USP DKC and DKU USP software. the of and secondary indicated. The following CU and (secondary 3990-6E, A-65A2, H-65A2, A-65C1, A-65C2. The CU type of MCU from the CU type of the RCU. Universal IBM /OS
Notes The CU type 3990-6E, or SMS I/O of If of these CU used, of the type used. The CU type H-65A2 the HITAC and of the and the capacity that the and The of included the accounting capacity. Supported and Journal VLL The which Universal Operations specifications Journal GB 3380-E GB 3380-J GB 3380-K GB GB GB GB 3390-3R GB 3390-L GB 3390-M GB OPEN-V OPEN-V Capacity of OPEN-V as freely, VLL specifications. The MB, and the the as the of RAID group. The capacity of OPEN-V the as the of RAID group, and the type and the RAID Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations MB OPEN-V consists of of areas, containing and the other containing information operations. containing VMA as information about VMA, please to the The below and the capacity of that the of the section. Table Specifications of that Item type type. The capacity. with the and 3390-3R to 3390-3R). the LVI/LUN of the USP to establish with as as types. assigned to the secondary the as the The software displays the type of the and secondary the LVI/LUN of the USP which allows to which than assigned to the secondary the as the Table shows the and capacity of and that software. Table Journal Specifications Item type type. whether the capacity the or shows the RAID of and the that IBM /OS
Table RAID of RAID of RAID1, RAID5, and RAID6 and RAID1, RAID5, and RAID6 the The of The of that created the of and to the of that created The of of According to Each Operations Item The of of and secondary the of of the to paired the capacity of the If VLL used, the of the of specified VLL.). The the of to both the and the secondary the of to each type. type of 3380-J 3380-E 3380-K 3390-3R 3390-L 3390-M H6586-G H6586-J H6586-K H6588-1 H6588-3 H6588-9 IBM /OS
Universal Operations H6588-L NF80-E NF80-J NF80-K The of the areas: The of to that of the of The of to as "the of areas" the following the following to the of The that the should rounded to the The of of of the of the of that If the of the of the the of that created The of that created: The of that created the of of the and the of to The of of the the capacity of memory. The relationship the of memory and the of the Table The Relationship Additional Shared Memory and of of Additional Shared Memory of of memory Additional memory the following to the of that created, based the of Table and the of Universal IBM /OS
Table the of to each type, when created without of VLL Table of According to when created without of VLL The that If both and the of both Chapter Operations The of of of The that the should rounded to the If the of the of to Additional shared memory 3380-J 3380-E 3380-K 3390-3R 3390-L 3390-M H6586-G H6586-J H6586-K H6588-1 H6588-3 H6588-9 H6588-L NF80-E NF80-J NF80-K Universal IBM /OS of
Journal Journal Specifications Chapter Operations The the following assigned to and group. shows the specifications. Journal Specifications Item specifications to subsystem of of to of to of IDs to (ID to If to The of the and the that paired. ID the that the within the (3DC), including the expected to the user to with or Each relationship ID or that has. The ID of the to the section Synchronous (3DC 3DC shows the specifications of relationship the the and the and group. Item type. type whether the the or CLPR Journal and the to CLPRs. Journal to the CLPR. to the CLPR. and the to the CLPR. and UR the USP each or UR both). Universal IBM /OS The of to
Accessing and Secondary To operations, the secondary the read/write operations issued to secondary If write operation to secondary the secondary write option section Secondary Option). the the secondary the secondary to the to resynchronization of the and (NVS) and (NVS) both the and secondary of If the The cache should to the the Since the of the and secondary of the secondary of the Since the operating allow the to related to You the secondary they or to the the as the WARNING below). allow the secondary to while the If the secondary the WARNING: If the secondary physically attached to the as the the following If the secondary and connected to the host(s), that the secondary to offline to this Universal Operations release the secondary offline. If the then restarted, the offered both and which should offline. This and to Universal IBM /OS
the Chapter Universal Operations Initial of the the user and the representative. To the operations: the locations of the and secondary and secondary that the and properly. and Representative: that the and secondary USP operations SVP connected to LAN). to the information and instructions operations. that the and secondary properly operations cache, NVS) section and (NVS)). that the option that cache and operations. You the amount of to cache when the amount of cache. Representative: the to information to the host(s). The secondary should attached to to reporting of information of with secondary or secondary If the the secondary should attached to the that the the of the secondary Representative: If used, the switch the to LOCAL to the from off the host. the secondary off operations. Remote Copy further information off/on the and secondary Representative: the the and secondary This switches, the section Remote Copy Distribute the and switches to flexibility and The the and secondary from the the and secondary IBM /OS
Copy shows the operations. The and secondary of each connected If shortwave to and to switches than If to and to switches than operations of to wave further the required. operations of to than products and telecommunications required. Remote Copy The and secondary three Chapter Universal Operations Shortwave: MCU/RCU Shortwave: MCU/RCU switches Longwave: MCU/RCU Longwave:30 MCU/RCU switches MCU/RCU MCU/RCU Direct Switch Universal IBM /OS shortwave to longwave to RCU/MCU RCU/MCU RCU/MCU Unrestricted Switch ATM telecommunications RCU/MCU RCU/MCU
To LUN and topology off, FC-AL. Chapter Operations (Primary) RCU MCU Direct Remote Copy (Secondary) (Primary) MCU RCU or Switch Remote Copy (Primary) RCU MCU Copy MCU and RCU switches with and assembled, the of to transmitted switches, the and the of switch routing. Universal IBM /OS switches ON or or RCU or ON (Secondary) RCU Ordinary interface OFF RCU Ordinary interface Switch (Secondary) interface Switch
the Option(s) To the software, PC the USP required. further information USP operations, please to the or account team. and Secondary of to four and to four secondary allowed operations. from than to than secondary while consistency when consisting of than business secondary The following of using of three and three secondary Chapter Operations IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations (with Journal Journal Journal JNL VOL Journal Journal JNL VOL Journal JNL VOL More Than One and Secondary Remote Copy write to the to the Secondary and then to that the function, section I/O Universal IBM /OS Journal to Journal JNL VOL Secondary JNL VOL Secondary Journal JNL VOL Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary
This the processing", which to of the function based to there than secondary of the secondary the other secondary of the secondary (including the and then processing. this the DKC" to to the that processing. Also, the to to the that the DKC and of processing. the the secondary the DKC, and the secondary and To processing, the DKC with the secondary section Secondary and Secondary This section the of the following There and secondary The of the that the consistency section Consistency The write to The following when the Chapter Universal Operations Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Universal Operations JNL VOL JNL VOL and Secondary Used The the that the and to the the below: The write to to the to The the write and then the that updated. The function updated to as information the to Also, indicating the of writing to The function from the to the This with the operation. Universal IBM /OS JNL VOL Secondary JNL VOL Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary
The secondary the DKC) processing. other the secondary of the secondary and based the and the to the that with the The flow of the as follows: From the consistency group, the DKC collects of restored. The DKC the and then selects the The DKC the to the that the selected From the and earlier the that restored, the of the numbers. and Secondary This section when than and secondary used. It recommended that Continuity the the and secondary both of these Also, that Continuity used. information about please to Continuity to four and to four secondary used. four and four secondary Also, and secondary The DKC and connected the secondary that Also, command created the DKC. secondary and the section and the Universal Chapter Universal Operations IBM /OS
Secondary Chapter Universal Operations If than and than secondary establish the secondary To this, and Also, using The following of secondary Remote command Remote Command DKC (Secondary of Secondary Based the the subsections below of and and creation of command Universal IBM /OS A B Command DKC (Secondary DKC (Secondary
Paths and to Secondary To establish secondary the that should as the DKC. that, these and the the that should as the the secondary each of which connected with the secondary and please to the Universal paths, please to the LUN switches, connected to RCU secondary RCU section and RCU Ports. section Creating Command Devices to Secondary To establish secondary first each of the secondary Next the DKC and the the DKC to command the of the and created the secondary and Also, created the secondary the DKC), and to the secondary and The type of and OPEN-V. please to the Universal If operations the A' and B' that secondary the to To this, the consistency that the to Chapter Universal Operations IBM /OS
Interoperability with Other Products and Functions Chapter Universal Operations of functions as and/or Table whether as Table Whether Can Used as Functions and Can the Used as LUN (LUSE) LUSE S-VOL S-VOL S-VOL that as P-VOL or S-VOL S-VOL of the T-VOL T-VOL of the Compatible FlashCopy S-VOL T-VOL Compatible FlashCopy V2 S-VOL T-VOL Copy Copy Compatible XRC Compatible XRC Migration Source (when Source finished) to which Universal IBM /OS Can the Used as Secondary that when the as that when the as secondary Can the Used as Journal
You the as of the operation. Chapter Universal Operations Functions and Can the Used as M-VOL M-VOL M-VOL M-VOL that to R-VOL R-VOL R-VOL R-VOL R-VOL that to Asynchronous with Read/Write with Read with Protect Security security the as S- VOL, the as secondary both and The which Compatible PAV Compatible PAV LVI LVI IBM /OS Can the Used as Secondary Can the Used as Journal
LVI Chapter Operations The as secondary when or Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE operation. this the as the secondary of the operation. This than and than secondary section and Secondary You LVI operations and secondary If to LVI operations or secondary the first to the to creating consisting of LVI that the and the secondary the capacity. You operations and secondary and together the and the to of the and/or secondary the reporting and shared shows the currency of the shared based and the to the the or secondary To the the (T-VOL) of the each (S-VOL). If to S-VOL pairdisplay), the reported (the with the T-VOL with the lowest LDEV ID). To the the with the other T-VOL(s), the to the S-VOL the LDEV ID the command. The software displays the TID, LUN, LDEV ID and of associated with S-VOL. Universal IBM /OS
Table Reporting Shared of or the whose S-VOL the lowest LDEV ID or Table Currency of Shared Not Not Not CURRENT Not Not Not Not Not CURRENT Not Not Not Not CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT through the which which the and S-VOL Chapter Operations of shows of which functioning as S-VOL. This allows to of and to to of the S-VOL of S-VOL MCU Shared and S-VOL Universal IBM /OS USP Secondary RCU T-VOL
Chapter Operations Continuity allows to the of to the the of the writes to the to that backed to the secondary If the subsystems, the of to the If this operation, the backed the the which the secondary and P-VOL shows of secondary which functioning as S-VOL. This allows to to of MCU Shared secondary and S-VOL If secondary as S-VOL as shown the write operation to the when the the the write to the to the copying of the that the the of the shortage of the of its Continuity allows to the of to the the of the writes to the to that backed to the secondary If the the of to the If this operation, the backed the the which the UR and S- VOL, and UR secondary and S-VOL Universal IBM /OS Secondary S-VOL T-VOL RCU
where T-VOL as the Continuity YKDELETE the to release the the Continuity YKSUSPND REVERSE command the to the that, the YKRESYNC REVERSE to the and re-establish the Chapter Universal Operations the shown and Within the and secondary both functioning as the and secondary Secondary S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU Shared and S-VOL, and secondary and S-VOL the following the T-VOL functioning as This allows to of the T-VOL. S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU T-VOL Functioning as If and the S-VOL the following to from the secondary to the S-VOL that to the S-VOL: IBM /OS S-VOL T-VOL Secondary
Chapter Universal Operations the Continuity YKSUSPND FORWARD the to the that, the YKRESYNC FORWARD to the to the and re-establish the the Continuity YKSUSPND command the to the the Continuity YKMAKE the to copying the the Continuity YKDELETE the to release the the Continuity YKMAKE the to copying the the Continuity YKSUSPND the to the the Continuity YKRESYNC the to the S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL Secondary RCU MCU Restoring S-VOL Universal IBM /OS Secondary
Chapter Operations MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL (suspended) MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL (suspended) T-VOL S-VOL MCU RCU S-VOL (suspended) T-VOL S-VOL MCU RCU IBM /OS Secondary Secondary (suspended) Secondary (suspended) Secondary (suspended)
Chapter Universal Operations Restoring S-VOL (suspended) S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL (suspended) S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL S-VOL T-VOL MCU RCU Restoring S-VOL IBM /OS Secondary (suspended) Secondary (suspended) Secondary
Function Combining with secondary (S-VOL) specified as S-VOL of specify the of operation the At- function of the Continuity This operation the operation. The when the of The function the following when and The function Continuity You operations that to consistency You apply operation to consistency group. You apply to three operations to to three One S-VOL paired with to three This to of three of Universal Operations Continuity MCU Universal IBM /OS Secondary S-VOL T-VOL T-VOL operation T-VOL RCU
Universal Operations The to the function when with as follows. The following to specified without Specify the Continuity the the created the to the from the which the than the operations suspended. that, operations which with S-VOL. completed the operations, the operation of the If the function when combining with the following: that of the with Also, of the with to the consistency group. If the with or with S-VOL to operations executed. operation, the and the or If the of the or the to the which created the to the T-VOL the operation completed. The and the of the the The of the operation the amount of the the that hour to completely the the of the hour. the specified timeout from the with the than the to reason such as of the If the with such detected, the of the specified timeout Since the please the to The hours. to the please to the the Timeout Function Combining with to timeout please to the Continuity If the function when combining with the following: Universal IBM /OS
Synchronous (3DC The USP the function to and Synchronous. This to that the of whether the the and the secondary or This to that the secondary that the when the These operations and three (3DC) 3DC located the and secondary Chapter Operations The specified the consistency that specify the the of and the function with S- of and when the function with S- please the following: when and recovery operation, the function used. The specified PS OFF of RCU. You of when already specified. Please the specified of with the group. please to the Continuity to consistency group, operation, operation, or operation from the Continuity If to operation, operation, or operation, please the to group, If the following the specified the to the consistency group. the to the group. Universal IBM /OS
Behavior Chapter Universal Operations shows of 3DC which and Synchronous combined. this the the Synchronous (M-VOL). The Synchronous (secondary the the intermediate which within from the This Synchronous as The secondary the the secondary which within from the intermediate If I/O to the Synchronous the Synchronous and to the secondary and to the secondary Synchronous (Short (Remote Secondary M-VOL VOL Intermediate JNLVOL 3DC (Combining with that Synchronous the If the Synchronous M-VOL, business using the secondary containing the Synchronous M-VOL. the Synchronous M-VOL to the secondary the secondary with If both Synchronous M-VOL and secondary to or other reason, recovery the secondary Synchronous M-VOL created USP The of the Synchronous M-VOL (CRIT=Y (ALL)) This section the basic of 3DC the following The of the Synchronous The of the the I/O to the Synchronous M- VOL IBM /OS JNLVOL Secondary
the I/O the Synchronous M-VOL. The the Synchronous R-VOL the that, the fact that reported to the and then the fact that I/O finished to the host. Also, the Synchronous R-VOL) as the the intermediate numbers, which the that written, to these Also, the the from and with the to the the secondary Next, the the to the secondary the secondary the the of that to These that to secondary the secondary the that to Synchronous M-VOL the when the the I/O to the Synchronous M-VOL, the asynchronously to the secondary the secondary location. 3DC If Synchronous 3DC to the If suspended, to the To recovery from the 3DC that the of the Synchronous M-VOL (CRIT=Y (ALL)) If this specified, recovery the secondary that the the Synchronous M-VOL. Chapter Universal Operations I/O I/O finished R-VOL/ M-VOL Finished Intermediate Secondary JNLVOL Universal IBM /OS JNLVOL Secondary
Procedure Chapter Operations This section 3DC Synchronous and 3DC three USP required. It recommended that Continuity the the intermediate and the secondary these The following these The USP Synchronous The USP Synchronous M-VOL. that Continuity used. information about please to Continuity Intermediate The USP Synchronous The USP The USP as both Synchronous R-VOL and The USP that Continuity used. information about using please to Continuity The USP The USP secondary The USP that Continuity used. information about using please to Continuity This section the 3DC Synchronous and To 3DC Synchronous and and Universal IBM /OS
creating Synchronous to the subsystem MCU where Synchronous the of the Synchronous becomes creating to the MCU where creating to from to as the ID. the of the becomes You that the Synchronous to the to If the to the to the rejected. information about and using Synchronous, please to IBM information about section Journal Operations. information about section to the recovery as section Recovery 3DC and the or other locations, to business back to the To business back to the follow the below. Continuity this business the secondary If the recovery (as section Recovery 3DC the to and the please Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE the that the and the secondary the of the to Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE the that the intermediate and the secondary the of the to Chapter Universal Operations YKRESYNC command re-establishing YKSUSPND and the operation temporarily. IBM /OS
Synchronous (3DC Universal Operations If the Synchronous Continuity to the YKDELETE the Synchronous and then the to YKDELETE releasing If the Synchronous Continuity to the YKMAKE REVERSE the Synchronous that the and the intermediate YKMAKE establishing Continuity to the YKSUSPND FORWARD the Synchronous that the and the Continuity to the YKDELETE the Synchronous that the and the the to business the YKDELETE that the intermediate and the secondary The to the the 3DC information about Continuity and please to Continuity The USP the function to and Synchronous. where and Synchronous combined, there and secondary One of the secondary and located from the The other secondary asynchronous and usually located from the three (3DC) 3DC recovery and business continuity. when or the business using the secondary The below 3DC where and Synchronous combined. this there three as follows: both Synchronous and Secondary Synchronous Universal IBM /OS
Secondary P-VOL: S-VOL: secondary VOL: VOL secondary JNLVOL: 3DC with Synchronous) this the the paired with the secondary Synchronous. This paired with the secondary If the writes to the the written to the Synchronous secondary with writing from the host. The written to the secondary asynchronously with writing from the host. consistency with the secondary Since writing from the to the secondary with writing from the to the this to the the and the secondary from each other. the operation 3DC specifying Synchronous R-VOL the Synchronous secondary as the and specifying the the secondary as the secondary If the operation, the using the Synchronous secondary when the Universal Operations Synchronous VOL JNLVOL IBM /OS Synchronous secondary S-VOL JNLVOL as VOL JNLVOL secondary
USP the Chapter Universal Operations information about the 3DC the section. information about the to operation, section Creating Operation. the to operation, section Performing Operation. If Synchronous which as business the Synchronous secondary business to the from the and business back to the sections Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary through from the Secondary to the If both the and the Synchronous secondary business the secondary business to the from the and the Synchronous secondary and business back to the 3DC the following three both Synchronous and Secondary Synchronous Secondary of these USP and computers. It recommended that Continuity should each of these The following USP these The USP Synchronous The USP The USP as Synchronous and The USP If Continuity to the Please to the Continuity information about operations Universal IBM /OS
USP the Synchronous secondary USP the UR secondary Procedure This section the 3DC Synchronous and To 3DC Synchronous and and the three the Synchronous the of the Synchronous becomes the creating to from to as the ID. the of the becomes If to operation, to the Chapter Universal Operations The USP Synchronous The USP installed. The USP Synchronous secondary This creating when recovery the The USP This creating when recovery the or when operation. If Continuity to the Please to the Continuity information about operations The USP The USP secondary The USP If Continuity to the Please to the Continuity information about operations Universal IBM /OS
Creating Performing Chapter Universal Operations Specify the Synchronous R-VOL Synchronous secondary as the and the secondary secondary as the secondary to the operation. Select ID from to the If release the Synchronous that created the created released as release the created the secondary of the created this only the information about and Synchronous, please to the IBM information about section Journal Operations. information about section To operation, the followings required. the 3DC Synchronous R-VOL as the as the secondary the ID from to that the secondary the to with other The option to ON to the abovementioned the the following when than operation. the ID the To operation properly, to specify that to the whose the following that the the the specified the Universal IBM /OS
of the the of Synchronous as the Secondary IDs; the of the secondary which of the IDs and the of the secondary which another ID or the and secondary the of the abovementioned and the following the the the updated creating the that as Synchronous the the the updated Synchronous the secondary updated of the of the when the capacity of the of the Synchronous secondary the the updated and then the of the the the of (including or failback) the updated creating the within about the the created Chapter Operations If Synchronous M-VOL, the should If Synchronous R-VOL, the should the the Continuity YKSUSPEND REVERSE and YKRESYNC REVERSE executed. Right created the operation, or the occurred the right the recovery of Synchronous or of the the and secondary the group. Universal IBM /OS
to 3DC Recovering from Chapter Universal Operations specifying option, the whole the to the secondary and the when only of the and secondary the information about the option, section Journal Group. If follow the operation section Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary and then the to 3DC the 3DC from the and other locations, The 3DC the secondary as To the 3DC Continuity to the YKDELETE the to the YKDELETE releasing If resynchronization to the and the of the Synchronous the suspended), Continuity to the YKRESYNC command, that the of the Synchronous reversed. YKRESYNC re-establishing Universal IBM /OS
3DC Recovering from from Secondary to the 3DC If follow the operation section Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary and then the to 3DC business back to the from the and other locations. To business back to the follow the below. Continuity this Stop business the Synchronous secondary Continuity to the YKSUSPND FORWARD to the Synchronous the the to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC FORWARD the Synchronous that the of the Synchronous to the The to the 3DC Chapter Operations Synchronous Synchronous M-VOL VOL VOL M-VOL JNLVOL M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: YKSUSPND and the operation temporarily. YKRESYNC re-establishing IBM /OS Synchronous Synchronous secondary secondary JNLVOL VOL VOL secondary secondary JNLVOL JNLVOL R-VOL JNLVOL JNLVOL
from Secondary to the 3DC Universal Operations Synchronous Synchronous secondary secondary Synchronous Synchronous M-VOL VOL JNLVOL VOL M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: from Secondary to the 3DC If from the and other locations and then the to 3DC business back to the To business back to the follow the below. Continuity this Continuity to the YKDELETE command the which the secondary and the secondary YKDELETE command releasing Stop business the Synchronous secondary Continuity to the YKSUSPND FORWARD the Synchronous YKSUSPND command and the operation temporarily. the the to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC FORWARD the Synchronous that the of the to its YKRESYNC command re-establishing Universal IBM /OS JNLVOL secondary JNLVOL R-VOL VOL JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL JNLVOL secondary
that consists of the and the secondary that the of the the the and that the secondary of the the the secondary from Secondary to the 3DC from Secondary to the 3DC If from the and other locations and then the to 3DC business back to the To business back to the follow the below. Continuity this If the Synchronous suspended, Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE the Synchronous Chapter Universal Operations To this Continuity to the YKMAKE the to that the created, the to the 3DC YKMAKE establishing Synchronous Synchronous VOL R-VOL JNLVOL M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: Universal IBM /OS Synchronous Synchronous secondary secondary JNLVOL VOL VOL secondary secondary JNLVOL R-VOL JNLVOL JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL
Chapter Operations The of the Synchronous reversed. Stop business the Synchronous secondary Continuity to the YKSUSPND FORWARD the Synchronous Synchronous and the operation temporarily. the the to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC FORWARD the Synchronous The of the to its the the Synchronous secondary The of the of as the following Table of from Secondary to the Synchronous and secondary secondary and secondary business back to the when using from the and other locations and then the to 3DC the of the and the secondary If the of the to business back to the To this please Table the and then business back to the Table and Recovery of the If the of the the and the of the the Secondary Universal IBM /OS Secondary Secondary or or or or Please the Following to the
Chapter Operations If the of the the and the of the the Secondary that the of the the and then the the of this the operation the of this Release the from the that the to the the released. The You business as earlier this section. the of the back to information about to this, section Restoring of Release the from the secondary that from the to the secondary information about creating the section IBM /OS Please the Following to the that from the to the secondary information about creating the section
Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary Universal Operations Synchronous secondary R-VOL VOL M-VOL secondary JNL VOL UR JNL VOL Black arrow If arrow the If arrow the M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: from the Secondary to the 3DC If or both the and the Synchronous secondary 3DC business using the secondary the secondary business to the secondary to from the and the Synchronous secondary that to business back to the IBM /OS JNL VOL R-VOL VOL VOL M-VOL VOL Synchronous secondary M-VOL JNL VOL secondary JNL VOL VOL JNL VOL Synchronous secondary R-VOL JNL VOL secondary JNL VOL UR VOL JNL VOL UR
To business to the secondary follow the below. Continuity this Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE the to the which the and the secondary the to business from the Secondary to the If follow the instructions the previous section and then from the and the Synchronous secondary business back to the To business back to the follow the below. Continuity this Continuity to the YKDELETE the Synchronous the of the To this, the to the YKRESYNC REVERSE command the to the Operations YKSUSPND and the temporarily. Synchronous Synchronous VOL VOL JNLVOL VOL P-VOL: S-VOL: secondary VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: Recovering from the and the Synchronous Secondary YKDELETE releasing Universal IBM /OS Synchronous Synchronous secondary secondary S-VOL JNLVOL JNLVOL secondary S-VOL JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL secondary JNLVOL
Chapter Universal Operations the secondary the secondary to the Also, the the to the secondary the right YKRESYNC re-establishing Stop business the secondary Continuity to the YKSUSPND FORWARD the YKSUSPND command and the operation temporarily. the the to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC FORWARD the that the of the to its Continuity to the YKMAKE command the The to the 3DC the lower-right YKMAKE creating IBM /OS
Chapter Operations Synchronous secondary Synchronous VOL JNLVOL VOL Synchronous JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL VOL P-VOL: S-VOL: secondary VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: from the Secondary to the Universal IBM /OS Synchronous secondary S-VOL JNLVOL secondary JNLVOL Synchronous Synchronous secondary secondary S-VOL secondary secondary JNLVOL S-VOL Synchronous VOL JNLVOL VOL Synchronous S-VOL JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL secondary JNLVOL JNLVOL
of Journal Computing Journal Operations Necessary? affected specifications of that the Therefore, to think about specifications of to to the that What to This section what to when specifications. The following factors the writing to and reading from when temporary path the and the secondary or when the amount of from to the increasing: RAID of the RAID that of physical the RADI that of to the RAID that the RAID The following factor affects the which with without influenced temporary the and the secondary or without influenced increase the to from to the Capacity of the the amount of to of as of with and the through phases; phase the unchanged, and another phase the increases temporarily. Universal IBM /OS
with of Journal the the reading and writing) of the the amount of temporary increase to If the of below the amount of temporary increase to the the temporary increase to timely. the and the secondary of the and the secondary RAID and Journal RAID of physical of of physical of capacity, and physical of RAID RAID-1 and RAID-5). of RAID affected physical and RAID Chapter Universal Operations of the MCU and the RCU and the MCU Universal IBM /OS Normal Temporary increase to
Journal Computing the Journal Capacity Chapter Operations The of the of the RAID that the One RAID of or including Therefore, to RAID group, relatively to the RAID group, and this the of To the of to relocating the and the the RAID and the another RAID group). The following the of earlier section Computing Journal If to write of and the of write the as follows: of The of the from to the You the the writing and reading) physical and RAID of RAID and the RAID the of the the amount of to as of temporary increase If temporary the and the secondary the and the secondary temporarily. If to the while the and the secondary temporarily, the from to the as Universal IBM /OS
with Journal Capacity) The following factors the capacity: the of which and the when temporary increase or when the and secondary the the of that To the capacity, the following this H-M the and the M-R the the and the secondary the of which If to that when the and the secondary please to M-R The capacity of each the illustrated Chapter Universal Operations of the MCU and the RCU and the MCU Journal capacity H-M M-R IBM /OS Normal Temporary increase to
Contributing Factors Universal Operations host, of the recovery to the and the secondary the If to the and the secondary that the the and these Therefore, when and to apply the to both and If to the and the secondary to with temporary increase and the and the secondary the Therefore, the and the than those that the the The of the and the secondary the following factors: The of The of the DKC The the and the secondary the below. If temporary increase and the the and the secondary exceeded, the temporarily IBM /OS
with the and the Secondary Paths The the of the and the secondary the The the DKC Journal The of the DKC the of The of enough that the the the The of each of the DKC and the secondary DKC that USP/NSC and USP Connected operations that USP and USP/NSC connected. Specifically, the following supported. Chapter Universal Operations of the MCU and the RCU and the MCU Universal IBM /OS Normal Temporary increase to
Option (LDKC) that Can Connected to USP/NSC Chapter Universal Operations from USP to USP/NSC. from USP/NSC to USP V. The following the USP and USP/NSC. option section (LDKC) that connected to USP/NSC that with USP/NSC 3DC with USP/NSC when consistency USP with USP/NSC, option XXX to to OFF to. information about the option XXX, Table Table Option XXX ON: The of the of the (LDKC) of USP XXX characters of the LDKC).The reported to or the to SVP the OFF: The of the of the (LDKC) of USP characters of the system).The reported to or displayed the to SVP the The LDKC00 and the the the The XXX OFF. connecting USP with USP/NSC, LDKC of USP and USP/NSC. this the LDKC00 of USP and USP/NSC. Therefore, LDKC01 of USP and USP/NSC. Universal IBM /OS
More than USP/NSC connected to LDKC00 of USP V. There the which LDKC00 and LDKC01. LDKC01 and USP/NSC connected. The to USP and USP/NSC the with the to of USP V. information about the to paths, LDKC00 that Can Path USP that Can connecting USP with USP/NSC, the of LDKC00 the of USP that as the of The CU:LDEV of LDKC00 to 3F:FF. of LDKC00 (The CU:LDEV to 3FFF) as or command the Operations USP LDKC00 LDEV LDEV LDKC01 LDEV LDEV Universal IBM /OS USP/NSC LDEV LDEV
with USP/NSC 3DC Copy with USP/NSC Consistency Chapter Operations The to that USP and USP/NSC connected the with the to of USP V. information about the to Consistency USP 3DC or 3DC combining with USP and USP/NSC connected 3DC or 3DC USP and USP/NSC, there the of the and secondary information about the 3DC section Synchronous (3DC information about the 3DC section Synchronous (3DC operations from than to than secondary of USP and USP/NSC. Secondary of USP and USP/NSC The of and the of secondary below. information about the consistency section and Secondary of USP and USP/NSC There the of USP and USP/NSC the and the secondary the previous section. of USP and USP/NSC secondary Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Operations There the of USP and USP/NSC secondary that the of the consistency whether the DKC USP or USP/NSC. The specifications of the when USP/NSC connected below. the DKC USP and the USP/NSC There the of consistency when the DKC USP and the USP/NSC. USP and USP/NSC specified as of the of secondary EXCTG IBM /OS
Universal Operations Secondary EXCTG USP DKC LDKC Journal Secondary JNL VOL LDKC Journal Secondary JNL VOL USP/NSC DKC) Journal Secondary JNL VOL of where USP/NSC as the DKC the DKC USP/NSC and the USP Universal IBM /OS USP DKC LDKC Journal VOL JNL VOL USP DKC) VOL LDKC Journal JNL VOL LDKC VOL Journal JNL VOL USP/NSC DKC) Journal JNL VOL Secondary EXCTG Secondary VOL Secondary VOL Secondary VOL Secondary VOL
Universal Operations the DKC of the secondary USP/NSC and the USP V, there that the consistency group. The that consistency and the that below. the the of LDKC00 of USP DKC) the consistency group. the the of LDKC01 of USP DKC) the consistency group. Journal of other than LDKC00 the consistency when the DKC USP/NSC, the of expanded IBM /OS
Operations Secondary EXCTG USP/NSC DKC) Journal Secondary JNL VOL USP DKC) LDKC Journal JNL VOL LDKC Journal JNL VOL Where USP/NSC and specified as the DKC Universal IBM /OS USP/NSC DKC) Journal VOL JNL VOL USP DKC) LDKC Journal Secondary VOL JNL VOL LDKC Journal JNL VOL Secondary VOL Secondary EXCTG Secondary VOL Secondary VOL Secondary VOL
Chapter Universal Operations IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths the Universal GUI This chapter to the graphical interface: Journal DKC History Optional EXCTG Universal
Journal To the Journal Operation of To the Journal of the following: If Universal started: If already started: Select the Journal The Journal displays the following: Chapter the GUI to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then Journal the of the and the Journal displayed. The Journal displayed. Journal IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI Tree the which The tree displays with and with UR (Universal Journal This item located the top of the this the displays the this the displays which this displayed the LDKC the tree, the displays the information about the LDKC. the LDKC, the tree displays which the information about the appears the right If selected the which IDs, information about the which to the whose ID or Hold(Failure) The Journal this group, secondary this group. group. Journal and this group. group. Journal and secondary this group. this the displays which this displayed the the LDKC, the tree displays which instructions to section Journal Journal Group. JNL If this cleared, the below this only displays numbered to 0F. If this selected, the below this to FF. You the following operations to FF. from options Universal IBM /OS
Upper-right If or selected the the displays of of and group. Initial Journal this group, secondary this group. group. Journal and this group. group. Journal and secondary this this group. Initial Journal this group, secondary this group. Active Either of the following: operation or the The and the secondary the the following and finally Stop or the The and the secondary operation or the The and the secondary Chapter the Universal GUI Restoring If another selected the the displays information about the selected group. One this (or group). JNLG (LDKC) Indicates the of the and the LDKC the following parentheses. Attribute Indicates the of the Indicates the of the group. The of the to Active Initial The and the secondary synchronized. Initial finished. The and the secondary If Active of the the might If this the Warning displayed. To such the the started. The of the immediately to of of the the following Stop and finally Initial Universal IBM /OS
Hold(Fail this group. Chapter the Universal GUI Either of the following: operation the finished. The operation the The and the secondary created. occurred with the operation. ID Indicates ID. This the of the neither S/N (LDKC) Indicates the of the and the LDKC the following parentheses. This the of the JNLG Indicates the of the This the of the neither ID Indicates the ID that the of the This the of the The ID USP Path ID IDs which to of to group. This the of the CLPR the CLPR the group. EXCTG the following information the to consistency group: the consistency the the LDKC number(the LDKC parentheses), and the ID right of This the to consistency group. information about operations that when Apply Universal IBM /OS
Apply the to the the Information the Journal when of the following: Select another and then the Journal Click Refresh the of the Select the Apply Select when Chapter the GUI that the the the displayed the the to If that information the correct, the Apply to apply the that the displays that the type of that and of other operations that only information about when the displays trying to and the the that to to other operations; to and Indicates the that when Apply JNL or JNL Option options JNL JNLG from forcibly from consistency EXCTG (Force) Nothing when Apply The to the of the the of items the The to the right of the the of items that displayed the displayed, another items to the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI To of and secondary the To the of the following: If Universal started: to the the the to user and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then the of the and the displayed. If Universal already started: Select the The displayed. Universal IBM /OS
The displays the following: Tree and CU the LDKC the The following appear the of the the One Chapter the Universal GUI If CU the displays the CU You CU and or the This allows to information the that the displays only the that information, section Information the the information about text information, section Information Text Previous The to If the of the Previous and Next to the the The Previous displays the the Next The to If the of the Previous and Next buttons to the the The Next displays the the information the of numbers. with than path, each The of the If the of the of the Previous and Next buttons to information about that appear the currently. Universal IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI the and the information that to and The the VOL Indicates the The This paired with other This neither secondary This This secondary To the right of the appear the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of the The CU located the of the The LDEV located the right of the If the appears the LDEV information about please to the Universal Indicates of The currently assigned to the operation, the to The operation the with the secondary the the to The paired with another The from the to the the secondary The The and the secondary The and the secondary This from the or to the IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI The and the secondary This from the or to the operation created. occurred the operation. Indicates of the following SEQCHK the secondary the the without from the The The consistency the secondary matches the consistency the group. The The consistency the secondary match the consistency the group. of the Indicates and ID. The the of the The the right of the ID. This the the secondary S/N(LDKC) displays the of the This the of neither secondary The of S/N(LDKC) while the to the To the information this refresh the Indicates the and the ID of the The parentheses. The ID USP The of CTRL while the to the To the information this refresh the Paired VOL Indicates the This the This secondary the secondary This the the neither secondary If the appears the LDEV information about please to the Universal If of USP /NSC the LDKC Universal IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI JNLG Indicates the the This the the neither secondary Indicates the of If with this the the where this If with this only this If the the this displays of operation. If the the secondary this displays information the following If the this displays nothing. If the and therefore this usually displays synchronization the secondary and the secondary the synchronization the of the secondary the and the If the operation the to this displays nothing. If the operation, the Information displays the phrase "Initial the following this the the neither secondary the of the or CLPR Indicates the and the of the CLPR where the Copy The the operation (from the of the to the The that shown Copy from the that shown Copy the History To MCU to MCU to the creating operation. The creating to the of and IBM /OS
Used Indicates the of and the capacity. (TB) displayed, the terabytes, and terabytes of used. If the the of displayed. Indicates the of information about operations that when Apply Apply the to the Chapter the Universal GUI Copy the Information shows the amount of that from to the of the creating the of the creating reaches Copy the History shows the amount of that from to the of the creating operation. that the the the displayed the the to If that information the correct, the Apply to apply the that the displays that only the type of operation that and of other operations that information about when the displays trying to release and the the that to release, to other operations; to and Indicates the operation that when Apply Release Option option(s) Nothing when Apply The to the of the the of items displayed the The to the right of the the of items that the displayed, another items to the IBM /OS
DKC the Universal GUI the Information the updated when of the following: Select another and then the Click Refresh the of the Select the Apply Select when the Click the Previous or the Next To and the DKC To the DKC of the following: If Universal started: to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then DKC Operation the of the and the DKC displayed. If Universal already started: Select the DKC The DKC displayed. DKC which the "DKC" to LDKC and DKC. LDKC that the that USP V. The LDKC the IBM /OS
The DKC displays the following: information the DKC Tree of the following: of the following: that the the the the the to If that information the correct, the Apply to apply the that Indicates the operation the DKC Chapter the Universal GUI DKC If DKC the DKC Operation displays information about the and the If the DKC displays information about the the and information about information about information about the IBM /OS
Information about Remote the GUI Apply the to the the displayed the Information the DKC updated when of the following: Select another and then the DKC Operation Click Refresh the of the Select the Apply Select when the DKC To information about the DKC the DKC The tree and the Remote Information the DKC Tree the each of the of the The following information appears to the right of the of the ID of (The of the of the ID The LDKC#01 this The of the the of the and the the to of the information about Universal IBM /OS
the to of the Chapter the GUI ID displays the ID and the of the of The ID family ID of The the of the and the The ID USP S/N(LDKC) displays the and the LDKC of the the LDKC when the USP/NSC. Path ID displays the ID. the IDs displayed as M-R Path the type of the the and the This whether Normal to the the Warning of the of Path the of Universal IBM /OS
Information about Paths The the Normal the path. Chapter the GUI that the and the To information about the DKC the DKC Select from the The displays Each the Paths Information the DKC The displays the following: Path ID: the ID. The the of the path: The to the path. M-R Path: Indicates the type of the the and the This displays whether the Indicates of the of the IBM /OS
Information about the To information about the the DKC the of the following the Tree and the The following information appears to the right of the interface) Chapter the Universal GUI The tree displays of and Select The displays the the Select The displays the Select The displays that the selected Information the DKC The IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI RCU initiator/external the displays the Attribute displays the RCU or initiator/external) PCB displays the of the The High or MIX IBM /OS
The displays the I/O statistics to the connected and displays the of To the of the following: If Universal started: If Universal already started: Select the the GUI to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then the of the and the displayed. The displayed. Universal IBM /OS
History Chapter the Universal GUI Switch displays when displays when off. stopped, the closed. Gathering displays the the of the the Graph displays the I/O information and the of The History history of operations the displays the and when created or released. To the History of the following: If Universal to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click and then History the of the and the History displayed. the History history. To the operation history, to the Click Refresh the of the The history updated. If already started: Click the History to the History the History operation history. To the history, to the Click Refresh the of the The history updated. IBM /OS
The History displays the of history: the and when history updated. history CSV information, section History Text the Universal GUI History history history Reading history to operation history of operation history the of the of history. Complete of operation history completed. the the the finishes. The You the history while operation history updated. Please history text operation history updated. IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI The displays history of operations the connected The consists of the following The and when the operation completed. The operations Creation of the started. Creation of the finished. Restoring of the started. Restoring of the finished. Splitting of the started. of the finished. The (suspended) of Release of the started. Release of the finished. to The of the from to of from the to The of the from to because of operation from the to The of the from to of operation from the to The of the from to of operation from the to The of the from to of from the to The of the from to of from the to The of the from to of from the IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI to The of the from to of from the to The of the from to of from the The of the the secondary The of the operation finished the secondary to releasing the secondary The of the from to to operation releasing the secondary The of the from to to operation releasing the secondary The of the from to The of the operation releasing finished the secondary Ready ready Ready The with the which ready The of the to of operation. to The of the from to of operation from the to The of the from to of from the to The of the from to of from the Universal IBM /OS
the GUI to The of the from to of operation from the to releasing the secondary The of the from to to The of the secondary to because of operation. Unknown The the type of the operation. JNL Group: The ID: The ID. VOL: The the operation. This located the The to the of the the CU The to the right of the the LDEV Paired VOL: The paired with the This located the The to the of the the CU The to the right of the the LDEV EXCTG: The This the to consistency group. If the Continuity YKMAKE to this the consistency Copy The the operation (from the of the to the Displayed Complete and Complete operations. Notes: The history information the might To the information (or ascending) header of the The History history information of to operations. the to operations To the operations, the Previous or Next The History history information than Also, the of operations the operations to the the operations occurred within the The history the operations to of operations. The history information IBM /OS
displays the of and of The of "the of of If there history displayed. Previous The displays to of operations If the of operations the Previous and Next buttons allows to the operations. The Previous allows to the operations. Next The displays to of operations If the of operations the Previous and Next buttons allows to the operations. The Next allows to the operations. Chapter the Universal GUI If with or the to showing or "Ready displayed. The might displayed the Copy though Paircreate Complete or Complete displayed the such the the the Universal IBM /OS
Optional Chapter the Universal GUI The Optional Operation allows to options. To the Optional Operation of the following: If Universal started: to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then Optional Operation the of the and the Optional displayed. If Universal already started: Select the Optional Operation to the Optional Optional IBM /OS
Tree allows to or LDKC The Clear SIM allows to clear (service information and UR from the connected displays option the Optional Operation the displays the the to the If the Apply the to the Operation: Indicates the operation that when Apply Preview: The to the of the the of items displayed the The Apply the to the The button: the the Information the Optional updated when of the following: Select another and then the Optional Click Refresh the of the Select the Apply when the GUI Option options SIM whether to to Nothing when Apply The to the right of the the of items that displayed the Universal IBM /OS
EXCTG Chapter the Universal GUI To consistency the EXCTG To the EXCTG of the following: If started: to the the the to and the and then OK The displayed. instructions this please to Click Universal and then EXCTG the of the and the EXCTG displayed. Select the EXCTG The EXCTG displayed. If Universal already started: Select the EXCTG The EXCTG appears. Universal IBM /OS
The EXCTG displays the following: Tree Chapter the GUI EXCTG IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI Tree of the EXCTG this the displays consistency which this the tree displays LDKC the information about the consistency to the LDKC appears the the LDKC, the tree displays consistency which consistency the information about the consistency appears the The consistency EXCTG). consistency secondary (secondary EXCTG) If the consistency group, the displays the consistency group. this the displays consistency which IBM /OS consistency group, which IDs, and of which
The displays of or sections and information about operations that when Apply Apply the to the the Information the EXCTG updated when of the following: Select another and then the EXCTG Click Refresh the of the Select the Apply Select when of Consistency The EXCTG allows to of consistency To of the EXCTG of the following the Chapter the Universal GUI this the tree LDKC, the tree displays consistency which the the the the to The when Apply Indicates the operation. JNLG to EXCTG consistency JNLG from from EXCTG The to the of the the of items the The to the right of the the of items that the To consistency EXCTG. To consistency which To consistency to LDKC, the LDKC from below Universal IBM /OS
Chapter the GUI To consistency which To consistency to LDKC, the LDKC from below The displayed the right Consistency the EXCTG EXCTG Indicates consistency and LDKC that parentheses. This Attribute Indicates the of consistency group. EXCTG). consistency secondary (secondary EXCTG) This displays the when consistency C/T the consistency of group. the secondary the consistency with the that as of The displayed the following month/date/year the of seconds, the and the displayed. This displays the phrase secondary active the consistency the when to the consistency group, this displays the of secondary this than the of secondary the existing To Active only. Stop This displays There containing operation when I/O Universal IBM /OS
of DKC Indicates the of consistency group. of JNLG Indicates the of consistency group. of Consistency The EXCTG allows to of consistency group. To of consistency group: the EXCTG Double-click and then LDKC below the Select consistency that the S/N(LDKC) Indicates the of and LDKC that parentheses. ID Indicates the ID of and the of that parentheses. of JNLG Indicates the of the consistency group. JNLG Indicates numbers. Indicates The the of the CU The LDKC the CU and the LDEV displayed. Chapter the Universal GUI This or Overflow detected. If displayed, the below the allowable If Overflow displayed, the the allowable The displays of the consistency the EXCTG Universal IBM /OS
of Journal Consistency Chapter the Universal GUI The EXCTG allows to of consistency group. To of consistency group: the EXCTG the LDKC below and then consistency group. Select from below the group. The displays of the the EXCTG JNLG Indicates numbers. ID Indicates the ID of group. Attribute Indicates the of group. Indicates the of group. If Active and to whether this to the containing the group, and then the Journal to the of the group. If the Journal displays the of the as Active(Warning) Universal IBM /OS
Chapter the Universal GUI Universal IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths and Paths This chapter to and Universal and Paths the Relationship and Secondary DKC) Paths and Paths the of Paths Paths and Network Devices the Relationship the and the Secondary Universal
and Paths To (henceforth as and operations, which should from which to which The containing to to another to as the The to which from another to as the secondary The where the to as the The where the secondary to as the secondary operations, the and the secondary the following: The of the the to hosts. The other the to with The secondary the secondary to with the finishing the and secondary the the and the the secondary that the with each other. the the following: the DKC Associate the and the secondary and paths the the should the following when necessary: options and of the relationship the and the secondary and Paths IBM /OS
Procedure and Secondary Chapter and Paths Throughout this chapter, the and the secondary to as or If the and the and the secondary If the secondary and using the secondary and the the to information about the and software, the and secondary operations. To the and secondary operations: the that become the and and secondary You to know the S/N and the ID, that the and secondary correctly the to the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of each to the USP that to further information USP and operations, please to the or account team. and secondary You with or write access, and If the to the the Universal and then the of the and the active. and secondary Select the the DKC the and RCU and secondary IBM /OS
Select the DKC the DKC to the DKC the S/N of the which connected, ID, ID, the this the RCU the which connected. and secondary Select the Option DKC and then the options of and secondary Specify the from the Journal the from the JNL and secondary the and secondary and the that from the Operation. the software, and from the and secondary each which function as the the secondary and the options and ready to operations. Procedure More One and Secondary Used) the and secondary and of the the and secondary secondary the DKC, and then them to the With the created the DKC to of secondary consistency group. Chapter and Paths the the secondary section Paths and to Secondary to created the DKC, section Creating Command Devices to Secondary Universal IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths The both the and the secondary the and the secondary the following The the and RCU the The the secondary and RCU the secondary USP the If USP that should as or RCU and then the of the from to or RCU The below: connecting and host. the write the to the operations. that commands to both and operations. RCU that commands from RCU both and operations. that Universal operations. This operations. If necessary, this to or RCU Initiator/external This shows the of that and attributes. that within these This the software. the to which initiator/external please to the Universal If and RCU both and the following and operations The the to of and secondary The secondary to from the Universal IBM /OS
WARNING: to the from the host, release affected from the to the and then to the WARNING: from to or RCU affected release from the to the and then the and the the of connected to to or to If than to the type from to RCU The assigned to SLPR other than SLPR0 to the only. To of follow the below. Both the and the secondary this operation: that the that the DKC displayed. of the following: Select and right-click the that to From the the type initiator, RCU or the to the that and Paths information about to this, please to The tree displays the and attributes. Select from the Select RCU or from the The rightmost of the displays to that the of the The displays the that that these to the If to the of and right-click the from the and then the If to the of and right-click the the and then IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths WARNING: and follow the and applying the Select Apply to apply to the Universal IBM /OS
The Optional Operations allows to option To the option of the that the that the Optional displayed. Select the of the following: the Option Select the the to the that Select Apply to apply the Chapter and Paths information about to this, please to The displays options Right-click the and then Option from the Right-click information the to the and Option from the If to right-click the and then appears and allows to the If to right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Option the Optional Operation Universal IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths Activities: The of that concurrently operation. Option Initial Copy Activities: the that concurrently operation. within the of to specified. The Initial Copy Activities the performance of the the amount of I/O activity and the of the If Initial Copy allows to the of performance. the to and then the the the first and the of the the the to created the to existing the Option and then the to the the Universal IBM /OS
the Relationship and Secondary DKC) The DKC allows to the and the secondary and allows to establish the to the and secondary Both the and the secondary to with each other. One associated with to secondary to and secondary Therefore, to to secondary To the and secondary and then the both the and the secondary this operation: the and properly Also, the of the that the that the DKC displayed. DKC. LDKC from the Right-click the and then DKC and DKC the DKC the following: Chapter and Paths To the of the the of the The displayed the when the the information about to this, please to The DKC appears to the of the the LDKC of the when the USP /NSC the ID of the that the The ID USP 5(USP V) the ID IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths The ID within the of 1-FF to IDs the the IDs the and the DKC and to path. Select Option. the DKC Option options and information about the the section and below Select to the DKC Option the to the that If to and right-click the from the and then appears and allows to the If to and right-click the the and then Select Apply to apply the that If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
The DKC displays the following: S/N allows to the of the LDKC: allows to the LDKC of the when the USP /NSC ID allows to the ID that the of the Path ID: allows to the ID. Path IDs of One to M-R Path allows to from the to RCU the displays of the Select from this displays of the Select RCU the from this Option the DKC Option the the DKC and then the and Paths DKC The LDKC#01 this The ID USP 5(USP V) Path IDs within the of 1-FF If the the ID the IDs. Also, clear the The of IDs specifying the to the the the characters. 1A instead of CL1-A You and lowercase Universal IBM /OS
Paths and and Paths The DKC Option allows to the options and options. These options apply to the and the DKC which the "DKC" to To options and follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the information about to this, please to that the DKC displayed. DKC Select LDKC from the The displays of From the and right-click the From the DKC and DKC Option The DKC Option appears On the DKC Option the options as information about the to below Select to the DKC Option the to the that If to and right-click the from the and then appears and allows to the If to and right-click the the and then Select Apply to apply the that If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
The DKC Option displays the following: The Paths option the of each connected to the The RIO MIH the RIO MIH which the from the to the The RIO MIH from to seconds. The seconds. Chapter and Paths DKC Option You the Paths the RIO MIH I/O IBM /OS
Paths and Paths The Path allows to or the and One associated with to secondary to and secondary path, using the to To or the and follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: the properly that the information about to this, please to that the DKC displayed. DKC. of the following: the the and right-click and then Path(s) from the The displays information about Right-click the and then Path from the The Path appears the Path to paths. to Select to the Path the to the that If to and right-click the from the and then appears and allows to the If to and right-click the the and then Select Apply to apply the that If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
The Path displays the following: allows to the allows to RCU the the Path and the to the the Chapter and Paths Path specifying the to the the the characters. 1A instead of CL1-A You and lowercase specifying the to the the the characters. 1A instead of CL1-A You and lowercase IBM /OS
the of Paths Chapter and Paths The DKC displays the of path(s). To the of path(s), follow the below. Not only the the secondary this operation: that the DKC Operation displayed. DKC following Click LDKC from the the and right-click Click the from the the and right-click path. Select DKC from the The DKC appears If selected the the DKC the the and the and shows the each of the paths. If selected the the DKC only displays the of the selected path. the of the path(s), and then to the DKC DKC Universal IBM /OS
The DKC the following: S/N the and LDKC of the ID: displays the ID that the of the Path ID: ID. M-R Path the type of interface the and the This displays Paths Indicates the of the and the RIO MIH the RIO MIH which the from the to the DKC Indicates the and when the and the associated to each other. Updated the and when the path to the Refresh the DKC this closed If this information the DKC refreshed the DKC Refresh refreshes the information the DKC the DKC Table Path Normal This established and Nothing or this occurred with of the and the The connected to the Chapter and Paths displays the Path of Table the the RIO MIH I/O to the connected to the that the and the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter and Paths This of the following: timeout occurred the and the secondary the and the secondary Shortage The rejected the function the might other Shortage The rejected the function the might other The of the connected to this match the Mismatch specified the DKC The This of the following: Mismatch The specified incorrect. The the physically from the The the RCU Mismatch Communication timeout occurred the the and the secondary Universal IBM /OS
Paths path(s), that the of than the of The the of to or than the of paths. To path(s), follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the that the DKC displayed. DKC of the following: the the path(s) that to Right-click the and then Path from the OK to the the DKC the and the and then the that Select Apply to path(s). and Paths information about to this, please to the the and right-click and then Path(s) from the The displays information about appears. The right-most of the displays the to path(s) to The displays path(s) to If to path(s), and right-click the path(s) the and then If the rightmost of the the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the IBM /OS
or SIM Reporting Chapter and Paths The Optional to CUs to (service information to hosts, or CUs from reporting to hosts. information about To whether CUs to hosts: that the information about to this, please to that the Optional displayed. LDKC the The shows whether each CU of the following to whether CUs To the CUs, right-click LDKC the and then SIM from the To the or CUs, and right-click or CUs the and then SIM from the The displays the that however, that the to the the to the If to right-click the and then right-click the This and therefore used. Select Apply to apply the If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the IBM /OS
the Optional Operations Showing Whether to from CUs to CU: CU numbers. SIM Report: Indicates whether to from CUs to hosts. Clearing Service Information (service information that from USP to hosts. when information about that to the SVP. If to clear from the SVP, follow the below. If follow the below to clear UR cleared the You The of the cleared. To clear that the that the Optional displayed. Select Clear SIM the right of the Select to Chapter and Paths information about to this, please to appears and whether to Universal IBM /OS
and Network Devices Unexpectedly the from the the from the Secondary Chapter and Paths This and relay operations. this the following: What when from or relay to reason the section). What should noted when off or relay intentionally section Turning Intentionally) the "network relay to connecting the and secondary such as ESCON directors, and switches. This section what when from or relay to reason. If from the operations, the that and then splits If the splits the secondary that and then splits If from the or secondary and its while retained. this the or secondary the updated. If the the the to the secondary If from the secondary operations, the secondary that and then splits If the secondary splits the that and then splits Universal IBM /OS
If from the or secondary and its while retained. this the or secondary the updated. If the the the to the secondary the from Network If from relay operations, the and secondary that and then Turning Intentionally This section what should noted when off or relay intentionally. You the If to off the operations, off the that or of and that the of the If than and secondary with the consistency off the off the off the DKC first, and then the If to off the please account and them to off the If and the off as operations the following the If the ready to operations, please the that and then that the of the or This operation the Chapter and Paths If than to with the first, and then the DKC. IBM /OS
You the Secondary and Paths these operations resumed. The to to commands issued the secondary If to off both the and secondary the please the section. If turn the off without the of to and then the back the of to If to off the secondary operations, off the that or of and that the of the If than and secondary with consistency the consistency off the secondary off the secondary off the DKC first, and then the If to off the secondary please account and them to off the If and the secondary off as operations the following the secondary If than secondary to with consistency the first, and then the DKC. If the secondary ready to operations, please the that and then that the of the or This the these operations resumed. The secondary to commands to the If to off both the and secondary the please the section. If the off without the of to and then the back the of to Universal IBM /OS
You the and Secondary the If to off the and secondary the the off the secondary off. If to the and secondary the secondary the If than and secondary with consistency first off the and then the secondary the and secondary first the secondary and then the The following the off the and secondary the that affected off of the and secondary the of the finishes, that the of the to the off the as previously. the off the secondary as previously. the secondary If the secondary ready to operations, the If the ready to operations, the that the Confirm that the of the to or turned the or off both the and secondary the of of subsystem and of of secondary subsystem the of secondary that the of the of and secondary the that the and Paths and secondary connected to each other and to off of the and the secondary that the and the these affected off of the Universal IBM /OS
You Network Devices Chapter and Paths If to off relay operations, off the that or of and that the of the If and the network relay off as operations the following the relay If the relay ready operations, please the that and then that the of the or This the Universal IBM /OS
the Relationship the and the Secondary To the relationship the and the secondary and then the the both the and the secondary this operation: that affected that the information about to this, please to that the DKC Operation displayed. DKC Select LDKC from the The displays of Select and right-click from the Select DKC and DKC from the appears. Select OK to the the to the that Select Apply to the relationship. Chapter and Paths The displays the specified One If to of the relationship, and right-click the and then IBM /OS
Chapter Journal Journal This chapter the introduction of the and to operations: Journals Journal Journal Journal from Journal Information about Journal Journal Journal Splitting operation) Restoring operation) from operation) Universal
Journals To and operations, the and the secondary as as and Also, these operations, to secondary the the following: the Journal the should the following when necessary: from information about options operations, the should the following when necessary: the and the secondary from from forcibly Throughout this chapter, the and the secondary to as or If the and using the and the secondary If the secondary and using the secondary and the Chapter Journal Universal IBM /OS
Journal Journal Chapter Journal To to operations with the the Also, the secondary the secondary One to To follow the below. Both the and the secondary this operation: that the information about to this, please to that the Journal displayed. the tree of the Journal of the following: If to to which already the from below You only when the of the Initial or when the of the Active or Stop or Hold(Failure) If to to which the from below You than group. of the following: the right-click the selected and then JNL from the the right-click the and then JNL from the the of the JNL the that to the If the that to of the following: Select the PG the text to the right, and then The displays the group. Finally, the that to Universal IBM /OS
Select Specify the option. Select to the JNL the to the that Select Apply to Chapter Journal To the the to the right, and then The the specified group. Finally, the that to Parity with the "E", to "E" the text boxes. to the "E1-2", to and the text boxes. Select the CU CU from the to the right. The displays the specified CU. Finally, the that to The JNL displays the that to The of the displays You the option when If already please to the specify the option. If to to and right-click the and then appears and allows to If to and right-click the and then If necessary, to to to other the below the If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the IBM /OS
This usually displays Indicates to to Indicates to from Journal JNL The JNL displays the following: JNL information about Parity the where If the "E" displayed the of the LDKC:CU:LDEV Indicates the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of If displayed the of the Capacity Indicates the capacity of The the The the Indicates the type of CLPR Indicates the and the of the CLPR where the of the following: Universal IBM /OS
this when the from and then to the to JNL this when from the from JNL and then information about which This usually displays Indicates to to Indicates to from PG/CU The following buttons to switch information the Chapter Journal LUN (LUSE) displayed. of than displayed, Parity the where LDKC:CU:LDEV Indicates the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of If the of the Capacity Indicates the of The the The the Indicates the type of CLPR Indicates the and the of the CLPR where the of the following: PG this the to to group. If this the boxes to the right, and then the the specified this the to to group. If this specify the text to the right, and then the the specified group. CU this the to to CU. If this and then CU from the to the right, the selected CU Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Journal The and the PG the JNL The and the CU the JNL Indicates the type of clock consistency The clock of the used. The clock used. The clock of the used. The and section Option. You specify the option when If already specify the option. that the type specified both the and the secondary JNL Indicates the of group. Indicates the and the of that currently the group. If the of the Universal IBM /OS
the and the capacity of or and then displays the and the capacity. the the to the Journal the Chapter Journal If the of the capacity Universal IBM /OS
Journal from Journal Chapter Configuring Journal To from the the and then the following operation. To from the secondary the secondary and then the following operation. that the information about to this, please to that the Journal displayed. the tree of the Journal from below You than group. of the following: the right-click the selected and then JNL from the the and right-click the and then JNL from the when the of the Initial or when the of the Stop or Hold(Failure) when IDs, the shown the following Table to Journal One Journal IDs) of Journal ID ID Active Active Hold(Failure) Stop Stop Hold(Failure) the JNL of the JNL the that to the JNL Select The that to displayed The of the displays Select to the JNL Universal IBM /OS Can the Journal
the to the that to Select Apply to Chapter Journal If to to and right-click the and then appears and allows to specify to If to and right-click the and then If necessary, to to specify that should from other If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
Information about Journal Chapter Journal To information about the the and then the following operation. To information about the secondary the secondary and then the following operation. that the Journal displayed. the tree of the Journal group. You than group. of the following: the right-click the selected and then JNL and JNL from the the right-click the and then JNL and JNL from the the JNL information about the group. the information, to the JNL JNL The JNL displays the following: Universal IBM /OS
JNL Group(LDKC) Indicates the of and the LDKC The LDKC the parentheses following the Attribute Indicates the of the group. IDs, Attribute the of the the whose ID or Hold(Failure) Initial group. group. Neither this group. JNL Indicates the of the group. JNL Capacity Indicates the capacity of the The The Indicates the of associated with the group. IDs, the of the the whose ID or Hold(Failure) Capacity Indicates the of the The and IDs, Capacity the of the the whose ID or Hold(Failure) Inflow Indicates whether to inflow of to the other whether to to hosts). Overflow Watch Indicates the seconds) whether and Chapter Journal Journal this group, secondary this group. Journal and this group. Journal and secondary this group. inflow restricted. inflow restricted. Overflow Watch displays nothing when of the following satisfied: Inflow Copy Indicates the activity One of the following displayed: High or Notes: IBM /OS
Chapter Journal the activity Copy displays nothing the group. of Indicates whether to the the cache. Journal the cache. there the cache, the Not Journal the cache. This the Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE command to group, this the group. If this only the of RAID-5 or RAID-6 that the group. and the as Not Indicates the that would when operation Whole to secondary when when operation Therefore, the secondary updated. of Indicates the of The second). One of the following displayed: or This the Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE command to group, this the group. Indicates the type of clock consistency The clock of the used. The clock used. The clock of the used. The and section Option. EXCTG, DKC/CTRLID the following information the to consistency group: the consistency the and the LDKC (the LDKC parentheses) Universal IBM /OS
JNL of Mirrors of the of Initial to whom of to whom secondary of Initial Journal this group, secondary this Active of the following: the started. The of the immediately to of of Chapter Journal the ID This the to consistency group. Parity the where LDKC:CU:LDEV Indicates the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of Capacity Indicates the of The the The the Indicates the type of CLPR Indicates the and the of the CLPR where the ID ID. This the of the Attribute the of ID. Indicates the of (or the group. The of the to Active Initial The and the secondary synchronized. Initial finished. The and the secondary If Active of the the might If this the Warning displayed. To such the Universal IBM /OS
operation or the The and the secondary the the following and finally Stop or the The and the secondary operation or the The and the secondary synchronized. Stop Either of the following: operation created. Hold(Failure) occurred with the operation. Neither this group. Chapter Journal the the following and finally Initial the finished. The operation the The and the secondary S/N(LDKC) Indicates the and the LDKC of the This the of the neither JNLG Indicates the of the This the of the neither ID Indicates the ID that the of the This the of the neither The ID USP Path Watch Indicates the of to the If the of the where secondary or Hold(Failure) this Indicates the of that the Capacity Indicates the of that the Previous information about the group. Next information about the group. the JNL Universal IBM /OS
Journal To options group, follow the below. Both the and the secondary this operation: that the that the Journal displayed section Journal Group). of the following: the JNL Option options and then the the Journal to the that Chapter Journal information about to this, please to the right-click from below and then JNL and JNL Option from the the right-click the and then JNL and JNL Option from the You JNL Option when of the following satisfied: The of the Initial. The of the Active. The of the Stop. The of the The of the Hold(Failure) IDs, whether or JNL Option the of the whose or Hold(Failure) If the of the Active or the of the the of option. If selected or and to options the JNL unchanged, then specify the options. If option, the option unchanged. If specify other than the specified to the selected If to and right-click the the and then If to and right-click the and then IBM /OS
Journal Select Apply to apply the If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the JNL Option The JNL Option displays the following: Inflow Allows to whether to inflow of to the other whether to to hosts). inflow restricted. inflow restricted. If selected and the or the the Overflow Watch Allows to specify the seconds) whether and This within the of to seconds. If Inflow Overflow Watch and Copy Allows to specify the activity The The of the activity than and High Universal IBM /OS
High The of the activity than and Unit of Path Watch Allows to the of You specify of the following: hour or Path Watch Allows to specify the from when to when (suspended). Option ON If the SVP path, the SVP that occurred, and then immediately splits the OFF If the SVP and the recover within the specified of the SVP that occurred, and then splits the The when to OFF. Chapter Journal The of the activity than and than High If to please that the amount of write from to MB/s or group. If MB/s, become (suspended). If to High please that write from to If become (suspended). The secondary this option. This within the of to to hours, or to You specify Path Watch that the to both the and the otherwise required. If the the and these the the and the the the and the If the DKCMAIN or higher, the because the option to ON the factory To the please the to the to OFF. If to (suspended) immediately please the to the option to ON and the option to OFF. information about the and Table Universal IBM /OS
Journal ON The SVP OFF The SVP and the the (suspended). Path Watch Allows to whether to the Path Watch of the to the group. If the Path Watch from the to the group, the the Path Watch The Path Watch to the group. The Path Watch to the group. the The of Path Watch unchanged. This option specified the secondary Select the of operation to the secondary to operation. of Allows to specify whether to the the cache. Journal the cache. there the cache, the Not Journal the cache. The of of unchanged. This the Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE to group, this the group. If this the of RAID-5 or RAID-6 that the group. and the as Not of Allows to the of The second). You of the following: or This the Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE to group, this the group. to the that would when IBM /OS
to the type of clock the the to the Journal the Chapter Journal Whole to secondary when operation The when Therefore, the secondary updated. This option specified the secondary The clock of the used. The clock used. The clock of the used. The and section Option. Notes that the type specified both the and the secondary If function when and the You only specify the to consistency group. Universal IBM /OS
Journal Journal To from the the and then the following operation. To from the secondary the secondary and then the following operation. You and You whose Initial that the information about to this, please to that the Journal Operation displayed section Journal of the following: the right-click whose the and right-click Select JNL and JNL from the the to the that to If to group, and right-click the and then If necessary, to to specify other Select Apply to apply the If the rightmost of the the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
operation) of and group. If the copying of from the to the suspended. To follow the below. Not only the the secondary this operation: that the that the Journal displayed section Journal of the following: that Active From the and right-click the that to From the JNL and the specify and then the to the that to Select Apply to the Journal information about to this, please to the or from below the or and then The displays of One the If to of and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If necessary, to to other If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS or from the to the right.
Chapter Journal The displays the following: S-VOL Allows to specify whether I/O and write I/O to the secondary the The If I/O and write I/O to the secondary the If I/O and write I/O to the secondary the This only when the selected group. Allows to specify the This to and Allows to to that reflected to the secondary The If reflected to the secondary when the the secondary the that the written to the secondary that, the of the from to the of If reflected to the secondary when the If the the reflected to the secondary Universal IBM /OS
Restoring operation) of and group. If the copying of from the to the suspended. To the copying of to the to the to the copying of To follow the below. the this operation; the secondary this operation: that the that the Journal Operation displayed section Journal Operation of the following: that Stop, or Hold(Failure) From the and right-click the that to From the JNL and the to the that to Select Apply to the Chapter Journal information about to this, please to the or from below the Journal or and then The displays of One the the the copying of restarted the recovery. The of this to the of the selected the Stop the copying of restarted the recovery. the the recovery. the Hold(Failure) the to the recovery. If to restoring and right-click the and then If necessary, to to other Universal IBM /OS from the to the right.
Chapter Journal If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
from operation) of and group. If the and the secondary from the copying of from the to the To from follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the that the Journal displayed. of the following: that Initial From the and right-click the from which to From the JNL and the to the that Select Apply to from the If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Chapter Journal information about to this, please to the or from below the Journal or and then from the to the right. The displays of One the If to and right-click the and then If necessary, to to other Universal IBM /OS or
Consistency Consistency This chapter to operations than and secondary as as to consistency as EXCTG): Journal Consistency Consistency Removing Journal from Consistency Forcibly Removing Journal from Consistency
If to operations than and than secondary consistency as EXCTG). To consistency the EXCTG the EXCTG section EXCTG consistency the section) from consistency section Journal from Consistency Group) Journal Consistency If to operations than and than secondary consistency group, which as EXCTG. Notes consistency group: EXCTG: secondary EXCTG: To group: Chapter Consistency You that the to Active or Stop You and the consistency group. You to EXCTG, the EXCTG to the and secondary If the when EXCTG consistency section Operations to the You to secondary EXCTG when than and than secondary the secondary EXCTG to of that paired with secondary EXCTG. If secondary EXCTG and consistency the and the secondary Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Consistency that the information about to this, please to that the EXCTG displayed. the EXCTG and right-click consistency the tree or the Select JNLG to EXCTG from the The JNL appears If to of the DKC, clear the of of the (DKC-1 to DKC-4). If to of the DKC, the of of the (DKC-1 to DKC-4). Select from the (DKC-1 to DKC-4). Notes: The "DKC" If to of the DKC, please to this the of the If the already displayed and to the LDKC If the LDKC already displayed and to Select the ID. Specify the LDKC and the LDEV of the If the LDKC and the LDEV already specified and to specify them. From the JNLG the or that to Select The selected to the JNLG the right. If the JNLG the right that to please the from the and then From ID ID. If ID already specified and to If necessary, to Select to the JNL Universal IBM /OS
the to the that Select Apply to The JNL displays the following: JNLG of the DKC ON Allows to whether to of the DKC selecting the of of (DKC-1 to DKC-4). DKC-1 to DKC-4 four S/N(LDKC) Allows to the of Chapter Consistency If to and right-click the the and then appears and allows to the If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the JNL The selected DKC-1 Clear this to of the DKC. Notes If JNLG of the DKC ON selected, the of the DKC already specified and If JNLG of the DKC ON cleared, specify the of the DKC. IBM /OS
Consistency Chapter Consistency You the to DKC-1 through DKC-4 LDKC Indicates the LDKC of ID Indicates the ID of Notes The ID JNLG of the DKC ON selected. The ID USP CU, LDEV) The text the allows to specify the LDKC of the The the allows to specify the CU of the The the right allows to specify the LDEV of the command of the DKC, the LDKC, the CU and LDEV specified. JNLG There JNLG the JNL If to group, the from the to the right to selected the JNLG to the right JNLG Allows to selected the right JNLG to the JNLG ID to specify ID. of JNLG the of The of already the DKC The of the or EXCTG The of the consistency or the the to the of the EXCTG the Continuity allows to or release the specified consistency collectively. Universal IBM /OS
Consistency specify consistency and the collectively, specify or as the If specify the consistency while of within that group. If consistency of within the consistency group. of within each group. Furthermore, the than when specified. If to or release consistency group, or release that to the consistency collectively. If collectively that to the consistency group, the DKC the other the below, collectively that to the DKC and and therefore consistency of within the and and the secondary and If the DKC and collectively consistency group, the REVERSE option of the Continuity YKSUSPND command. IBM /OS
Removing Journal from Consistency Chapter Consistency The EXCTG allows to from consistency group. To from consistency group, follow the below. To this operation, to the DKC: that the information about to this, please to that the EXCTG displayed. the EXCTG of the following: From the and right-click the group(s) that to If to from and right-click from the If to from group, and right-click the consistency from the tree or the If to from and right-click the from the tree or the If to from consistency to LDKC, and right-click the LDKC from the From the JNL and JNLG from EXCTG. the to the group(s) to If to of group, and right- the and then Select Apply to the group(s). Notes If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the If follow the instructions the section to the forcibly. Removing Journal from Consistency Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Consistency You from consistency anytime, of the of the Also, from consistency group, the from the consistency group. of from consistency operations, consistency the below, the from the secondary EXCTG, the from the to the secondary consistency the and and the secondary and Journal Journal JNL VOL subsystem Journal Journal JNL VOL Secondary subsystem subsystem Journal Journal JNL VOL subsystem Remote Copy Operations Three and Three Secondary Universal IBM /OS EXCTG JNL VOL Secondary subsystem JNL VOL JNL VOL Secondary subsystem Secondary EXCTG Secondary Secondary Secondary
Forcibly Removing Journal from Consistency Chapter Consistency The Journal allows to forcibly from consistency group. To from consistency group, first to the DKC and then follow the instructions the section. Follow the below when the to or other reason. To forcibly from consistency group: that the information about to this, please to that the Journal Operation displayed. From the and right-click the group(s) that to forcibly. From the JNL and JNLG from EXCTG (Force) the to the group(s) to If to of group, and right-click the and then Select Apply to the group(s) forcibly from the group. If the rightmost of the the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Consistency IBM /OS
Performing Operations Performing Operations This chapter to operations with including to of and secondary Information the the Creating of Information about of Information Text of Restoring of Releasing of Recovering Track
To operations with of and secondary to copied. secondary that the To of these the of This the when to of and secondary Information the the The to information the the Operation The the that To information the the the the to specify information that to the Select to the Notes To the to the the the and then the If the the effective the the Performing Operations The the displays the specified information only. IBM /OS
Chapter Performing Operations The displays the following: Allows to the to displayed. If ALL the JNL to the to displayed. If ALL displayed the Allows to the to displayed. If ALL displayed the P-VOL/S-VOL Allows to the type of to displayed. If P-VOL displayed the If S-VOL secondary displayed the If ALL and secondary the CLPR Allows to the CLPR to displayed. If ALL CLPRs displayed the Internal/External VOL Allows to whether internal or the If ALL the and displayed the to The of the specified displayed the Universal IBM /OS
to specify consistency SEQCHK Allows to whether to the SEQCHK the the to the options the to the Chapter Performing Operations The the specified displayed the information about consistency section and If this selected, the the ALL the selected. Universal IBM /OS
Creating of Chapter Performing Operations the the of the of and secondary creating the specify options creating or the that: The to as secondary offline to hosts. already section The associated with the secondary section the Relationship and Secondary DKC)) these confirmed, the of the follow the below to of and secondary that the of the secondary the following operation. that the information about to this, please to that the displayed. the CU the and right-click the that to as Notes with the You and right-click than to than that to choose the secondary from the secondary From the The appears DKC specify the secondary S-VOL, the secondary the to CU the right to specify LDEV Universal IBM /OS already as
the to specify the following items sequentially: of the following to the operation: to specify the when CFW to whether to cache-fast-write to the secondary Select to the the the to the that Select Apply to creation and the operation. the of the Operations that the of the correct. To the of the operation(s), Refresh the of the to the information the or the Information to the of each Chapter Performing Operations If than specified the specify secondary three information, to the about the Select Other option this section. ID Select to the immediately the created. Select to the immediately the created. to operation. You to the section Creating to operation. If to and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the If selected or the of the or If selected the of the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Performing Operations The displays the following: P-VOL Indicates The the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of the Notes P-VOL displays when or selected the P-VOL displays the that the If the appears the LDEV information about please to the Universal S-VOL Allows to secondary specifying secondary the to the CU and the LDEV of the secondary You secondary when or selected the the other secondary information, to the about the Other option this section. Universal IBM /OS
Select Other Specify secondary or selected the Assigns to the assigns to the secondary and assigns ID to the Performing Operations If selected than the secondary the displayed. The secondary the of the assigned to the three and as the S-VOL the first the secondary the other and creating than that the S- to assigned If S-VOL to the S-VOL individually. of the secondary the of the three and the of the secondary and the with the S-VOL Next users specify each selected, the Next the secondary the first with S-VOL and then Next, the specify the secondary the with S-VOL and then click Relative to P-VOL the of and then of secondary the of the three and the of the secondary and the with the S-VOL If and right-click than the and then the appears and the Other displays If to the with this another item from the M-JNL Assigns to the M-JNL Universal ID Assigns ID to the R-JNL Assigns to the secondary IBM /OS
Performing Operations R-JNL Universal DKC to the (the LDKC and the ID that the of the secondary This option allows to the type type). The secondary the created operation. Initial Copy Allows to specify whether to the operation the created. The The the created. the the to the secondary The the created. The copying of as The that the and secondary already when operation the created. The of the to which that the operation. Priority Allows to specify of the operations The If the the operation, the operation correctly the that with the Priority The caused the CU or the release the with the and then the operation. Allows to specify the when The If with the where the If with only the CFW Allows to specify whether to cache-fast-write to the secondary The P-VOL P-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary Copy to S-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary M-JNL Information information about the Mirror(s) Indicates the of the IBM /OS
the to the the the Chapter Performing Operations Mirror(s) Indicates the of the following: The of the The of to the The of the the IBM /OS
Information about of Chapter Performing Operations The Information allows to information about of To information about of follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the displayed. the tree of the and right-click You than From the the Information information about the the information, to the Information Universal IBM /OS
The Information displays the following: Indicates the of the If the (or suspended), the type. If the displays the If the the displays of operation. Chapter Performing Operations Information If the the secondary displays information the following If the displays nothing. Universal IBM /OS
Performing Operations If the and therefore usually displays synchronization the secondary and the secondary the synchronization the of the secondary the and the If the operation the to displays If the operation, the Information displays the phrase "Initial the following this the the neither secondary the of the or P-VOL (LDKC:CU:LDEV) Indicates the The first displays the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of the If the the the first displays the CLPR and the CLPR The displays the type. The third displays the capacity. If the appears the LDEV information about please to the If of USP /NSC displayed as the LDKC S-VOL (LDKC:CU:LDEV) Indicates the secondary The first displays the LDKC the CU and the LDEV of the secondary If the secondary the the first displays the CLPR and the CLPR The displays the type. The third displays the capacity. If the appears the LDEV information about please to the Universal If of USP /NSC displayed as the LDKC CLPR Indicates the CLPR and the CLPR of the the M-JNL Indicates the group. Universal IBM /OS
R-JNL Indicates the group. ID Indicates the ID. S/N(CTRL ID) displays the and the ID of the secondary The ID parentheses. Initial Copy Priority Indicates of the operations. The within the of to when the becomes CFW Indicates whether to cache-fast-write to the secondary The P-VOL Indicates the when The S-VOL Indicates whether write I/O to the secondary or when the Other Information the following: The clock of the used. The clock of the SVP used. clock used. Chapter Operations P-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary Copy to S-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary If with the where the If with the Established Indicates the and when the created. Updated Indicates the and when the updated. the nothing the Consistency Indicates the the secondary the the phrase from C/T of the JNL the and the the secondary match the consistency the group. Indicates the type of the SEQCHK The SEQCHK the secondary the and without from the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Operations Refresh the this closed If this selected, the updated when the Information Previous the information the previous the (the the The Previous or Next The displays of once. The Previous and Next buttons the Information the currently Next the information the the (the the below) The Previous or Next The displays of once. The Previous and Next the Information only the currently displayed Refresh the information. the Information Universal IBM /OS
Information Text The function of to information about text The of the text You the function while the the the displayed the the further information of the please to the The following of JNG S/N(LDKC) CNTL JNG CLPR CopyTime FE 00:EE:EE S-VOL 00:CLPR0 00:DD:DD FD P-VOL 00:CLPR1 FC 00:EE:EE S-VOL 00:CLPR2 the The LDKC the CU and the LDEV of the consistency of the Journal the ID of the ID and of the the The to the of the CU The to the right of the LDEV If the appears the LDEV information about please to the as the LDCK when the of USP/NSC. of Exported Text To information about text If necessary, follow the instruction section Information the the to information the the Select OK to the the of the and then Chapter Performing Operations appears and whether to information appears and to Universal IBM /OS Journal the of the P-VOL: S-VOL: secondary of operation. synchronization the the and the the CLPR and CLPR Copy
Chapter Performing Operations appears when finishes the Select OK to the If or LDKC selected the abort the exporting clicking the of the that exporting processing. IBM /OS
The Option allows to options of To the options, follow the below. that only the of the the following operation. The of the secondary the following operation: that the that the displayed. the and right-click the From the Option the Option options and the the to the that Select Apply to apply the that Chapter Performing Operations information about to this, please to the You options or or If another to the The Option appears If or selected the the the option If to the option each of the that the displays If other than from the the selected to each of the If to and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
Performing Operations Option The Option the following items that Allows to the when If with the where the If with only the the Option appears, the displays the option CFW to whether to cache-fast-write to the secondary P-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary Copy to S-VOL cache-fast-write to the secondary the Option appears, the displays the option the to the the the IBM /OS
of the finishes, the to the of To or follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the that the displayed. the CU the and right-click the that to From the the the options the Select to the the the Operation to the that Apply to the of the Operations that the successfully. If the the of the Chapter Performing Operations information about to this, please to The The appears If to and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the To that already the command. of the following the secondary become to You when the host. IBM /OS
Chapter Performing Operations The becomes when the If the secondary to the the command. The displays the following: S-VOL Allows to whether to to write to the secondary The Hosts write to the secondary while the Hosts write to the secondary while the This option only when the selected Allows to specify the The or the selected. The the If with and other than the the operations and heavy I/O You whether the I/O heavy or from of The operations should light I/O the as the selected If the following and Apply warning and The or to the The displays least of the To to processing, of the following: that the displays the Universal IBM /OS
the the right the selected and then Allows to specify to with that to the secondary The the to the the the Performing Operations the to the secondary the secondary the that the written to the secondary that, the of the from to the of the to the secondary If the the to the secondary Universal IBM /OS
Restoring of Chapter Performing Operations The allows to that the allows to recover and copying of to operation. If the or secondary off and its while suspended, the primary/secondary retained. this the primary/secondary cylinders/tracks of as that the the of when the resumed. The of the follow the below to or that or to operation. that the of the secondary the following operation. that the information about to this, please to that the displayed. If to the Information to the type), that the The the the the CU the and right-click the that to The of this to the of the selected the the recover. the the the to From the The appears the the options the Select to the the the to the that Universal IBM /OS
Select Apply to the of the Operations that the successfully. To the of restoring Refresh the of the to the information the or the Information to the of each The displays the following: Allows to the The or the selected. The that the when the or and that the Chapter Performing Operations If to and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the If the successfully, the of the or If the successfully, the of the or If successfully, the of the or If the operation to successfully, the of the to the specified restored. Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Performing Operations the as the selected restored. If the following and Apply warning and continued: The or to the The least of the To to processing, of the following: that the the the the right the selected and then Priority Allows to the the operations. If the Priority option. DKC Indicates the followings about The with the LDKC The ID with the The type. Indicates the recovery of the Normal whose recovered. operation information about the to operation, section Performing Operation. to The of recovered from to Allows to specify the when If with the where the If with the If the option. the to the the the Universal IBM /OS
Releasing of The allows to release of IDs, the of the operation as follows to the of the of specified specify of the or only the of the specify of the that or of both (including the which specified) To release or follow the below. Not the the secondary this operation: that the that the Operation displayed. the CU the and right-click the that to release. From the the the options the Select to the the the to the that Select Apply to release the of the Operations that the released successfully. If the released, the of the Chapter Performing Operations information about to this, please to The appears If to and right-click the and then If to and right-click the and then If the rightmost of the displays the To information about the right-click the and then appears and information about the Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Performing Operations To the of releasing Refresh the of the to the information the or the Information to the of each To which released from the secondary first release the from the and then the the option. The displays the following: Allows to specify the release The or the selected. The Also, the to If the or to the released. If with and other than the the operations and heavy I/O You whether the I/O heavy or from of The operations should light I/O the as the selected released. this option when releasing the secondary recovery. If the following and Apply and continued: The or to the The displays least of the To to processing, of the following: that the displays the the the right the selected and then Universal IBM /OS
Allows to whether to release the forcibly. the of the to released or the Force the Normal the to the the the Recovering Track If when the operation, the cache memory of the written to and the cache memory. that cache memory to such reason to as track". Recovering Track If or secondary the the (SIM reference the following to of the while recovering the track: to the and the CU Release the that the with the track. If the offline secondary track), the recovering from track. to the track recovery operating or recovering the track. If the offline secondary to the offline Chapter Performing Operations Force The forcibly released the to with the secondary This option to free from that with its the secondary allowing operations to If specify Force when the other than to Normal The released the to the of the and secondary to Universal IBM /OS
Recovering Track Journal Chapter Performing Operations the the Operation to recover the to the option the If or the recovery as follows: the that the where that, the where the the containing the from the group. Format the using the LDEV function of VLL. instructions to the please to LVI/LUN and the (or another that instead of the the group. If to copying, the finished. If to copying, please to the to which the section Restoring operation)) Universal IBM /OS
Performing Operations IBM /OS
Chapter Operations Operations This chapter the which to I/O statistics to the connected the Starting and the Graph Text History Text Universal
the The to I/O statistics to the connected The I/O statistics that displayed the collected Performance The to the of operations. At each that from Performance the collects of each and to of collected to Chapter Operations Universal IBM /OS
Starting and Chapter Operations Starting and using Performance about and please to Performance Universal IBM /OS
the Graph the user-selected I/O statistics The the user-selected I/O statistics to The displays The displays the of the The (right of the the displayed. the to the of the that If the the the 1E7 2E8 To the that Switch The when Right-click the of the and Item to the Item Select Select following the instructions below: the the I/O statistics that to the You least Table the I/O statistics Select to the Item The displays showing the selected I/O statistics the selected Chapter Operations If to I/O statistics to the ALL If to I/O statistics group, JNL Group, and then (00-FF). If group, the displayed. If to I/O statistics LDEV, and then the LDEV LDKC CU (00-FE) and LDEV (00-FF). If specify the the displayed. displays, the LDKC the CU and the LDEV appear the If the the appears the LDEV information about please to the Universal To the displayed right-click the and the command. To the to right-click the and the Normal command. Universal IBM /OS
Chapter Operations To the right-click the and To The the following another another the software. Item Remote Copy I/O Statistics Statistic I/O Record Count The of write Rate The amount of that written second. The second. Initial Copy Initial Copy Rate The The Rate The operations. The second. Asynchronous Copy IBM /OS
M-JNL R-JNL Chapter Operations M-JNL Asynchronous RIO count The of asynchronous the M-JNL of Journal The of the M-JNL Rate The the The second. M-JNL RIO The I/O the The milliseconds. R-JNL Asynchronous RIO count The of asynchronous the secondary R-JNL of Journal The of the secondary R-JNL Rate The the secondary The second. R-JNL RIO The I/O the secondary The milliseconds. Used Rate The Used Rate The Used Rate The Used Rate The IBM /OS
Text Chapter Operations To text the of Performance information and instructions the please to the Performance IBM /OS
History Text The function to operation history CSV You the function only while the the the the History the further information of the please to the If the of operations approximately the exported text become too to If this please the text The following of text and when the finished. Operation. Journal ID LDKC CU and LDEV of the the (LDKC:CU:LDEV). LDKC CU and LDEV of the the (LDKC:CU:LDEV). consistency Hyphens(--) displayed the to consistency group. copying (from the to the of copying). This displayed only when the operation to Complete or Complete of Exported To the History Select to the the of the and then Select OK to the Chapter Operations appears and whether to operation history appears and to appears when finishes the IBM /OS
Chapter This chapter to to to Point-in-Time of of Creating Point-in-Time Copy of Performing Recovery Operations Establishing 3DC Operations Performing and Failback the Universal
Creating Point-in-Time Copy of to Point-in-Time of of The "Point-in-Time to of of immediately when to The to of to group. To of to group: write from to the group. to the group. write to stopped, the of the and group. the and then specify and specify the of the to the of If business the to business Performing Recovery Operations Recovery Operations The type of and the of the the approach recovery. Unfortunately, orderly and or occurring of The should and of and The recovery the and that and DB2 and recovery. the PC and and software, and establish operations the and and recovery These procedures should already established recovering that become to and reporting (ERC) the and secondary Universal IBM /OS
and Recovery Procedures the (or secondary to the or secondary information with to the host(s). This information recovery. You the information to the secondary the reporting (ERC). that the and secondary to the service-level to the host. the or secondary to the secondary or completed. Therefore, to establish recovery These procedures should the as those recovering that becomes to and To and other information that active the when the occurred. that the of DBMS the TOD clock information that the I/O (when type The consistency when this and this while, recovery should that of the the secondary the type option, section Option. You should and recovery recovery which as The information with which ERC. and recovery procedures account and recovery section Recovering Track Journal information recovering track Universal IBM /OS
Switching Operations to the Secondary If or the the first recovery activity to Continuity to switch operations to the The basic switching operations to the as follows: If to IPL of the secondary please and then the IPL following the below. the IPL finishes, the secondary usually If the secondary the If to IPL of the secondary please that the secondary follow the below. whether the includes secondary whose or to SUSPOP Continuity If such Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE option the YKSUSPND If consistency the secondary and recovery with consistency this to the secondary release the If the finishes. the finishes, the secondary becomes with consistency. the finishes, Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE option the (YKRESYNC command restoring This option to the and the primary/secondary relationship. whether there whose of the to SWAPPING Continuity Chapter If such consistency the secondary and recovery with this to the secondary release the If such the successfully and the reversed, and then copying of from the secondary to the IBM /OS
Operations to the Chapter If the YKSUSPND finishes and the successfully, business business secondary the secondary Also, the the secondary and from and the restoring of the successfully, and then copying of from the secondary to the information about to Continuity and about Continuity please to Continuity information about of to section Once the recovery finished and business the secondary the activity to the and copying from the secondary back to the The following to Continuity to from the secondary to the the and and that At the whose or and then secondary whose which to SWAPPING Continuity terminology. If such found, the to the At the whose and then secondary whose If such found, releasing the to the At the whose and then Continuity to YKRECVER the secondary YKRECVER releasing the YKRESYNC REVERSE option secondary whose which to SWAPPING Continuity terminology YKRESYNC the Continuity This and secondary to specifying secondary whose as This which and secondary reversed. Universal IBM /OS
that of secondary (which originally from to If the to operations finished and The copying of from the secondary to the the secondary reflected the information about to please to Continuity information about of to section Normal Operations the Once the established the ready to operations the The following to operations the Continuity that the terminology reversed: the secondary and the secondary At the and secondary that and free from that of and secondary This that the operations and consistency maintained. Stop the the secondary to (which originally please the Continuity to the YKSUSPND FLUSH SVOL PERMIT option the (which originally the group); YKSUSPND If when please the and back to business the secondary If finishes. finishes, whether there secondary (which originally whose other than to SUSPOP with Continuity If such please the and back to business the secondary Chapter Universal IBM /OS
Recovery and Secondary Consistency of If there secondary (which originally whose other than to SUSPOP with Continuity the as secondary and the secondary (which originally Please the the YKSUSPND REVERSE the (which originally group); YKSUSPND Continuity and REVERSE option. the Continuity YKRESYNC REVERSE command the (which originally group). This and secondary to and to its information about to Continuity please to Continuity information about of to section or secondary the consistency and operations suspended. The consistency of the consistency secondary the the to to the and the written from the to secondary the secondary EXCTG, while of On the other hand, the secondary to to the and the consistency of the secondary the consistency group. Universal IBM /OS
Recovery Procedure The following of the that should followed when or the and secondary Switch operations from the to the secondary the that from the secondary to the recovery of the or finishes, switch operations from the secondary to the This recovery the as when and secondary used. Reference found. Journal Journal JNL VOL Journal Journal JNL VOL Secondary Journal Journal JNL VOL Copy Operations Three and Three Secondary Universal IBM /OS JNL VOL Secondary JNL VOL JNL VOL Secondary Secondary Secondary Secondary
Recovery 3DC Recovering from the 3DC Chapter If or the 3DC secondary the to the intermediate to business If or the first business from the to the intermediate To business to the secondary consistency of the Synchronous R-VOL the secondary Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE command the that Synchronous the and the intermediate the Synchronous R-VOL the intermediate to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE the that Synchronous the and the intermediate This the information about to Continuity please to Continuity or the to business Synchronous the intermediate The Synchronous the the that the Synchronous the information about Continuity please to Continuity If or the 3DC secondary the Synchronous secondary to the secondary to business business to the secondary to the from the that to business back to the To business to the Synchronous secondary follow the below. Continuity this Continuity to the YKRECVER the to the that the and the secondary IBM /OS
Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE the Synchronous the to business Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE the Synchronous to the of the Chapter YKRECVER that releasing of to the secondary YKSUSPND command and the temporarily. YKRESYNC re-establishing If of the (as the that the of the the Synchronous secondary and that the secondary of the secondary To this Continuity to YKMAKE command the to the If of the (as illustrated the lower-right the that released of this To this Continuity to YKMAKE the to the the re-created, the from 3DC to 3DC Also, the Synchronous secondary to the YKMAKE establishing Notes If the instruction and to business back to the to from the and other locations. that, to the 3DC as section to 3DC Recovering from and then follow the section from Secondary to the 3DC If the instruction and to business back to the to from the and other locations, and then follow the section from Secondary to the 3DC Universal IBM /OS
Recovering from the Chapter Synchronous VOL JNLVOL VOL Black arrow If arrow the M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: Recovering from the If or the 3DC secondary the Synchronous secondary to the secondary to business business to the secondary to the from the that to business back to the To business to the Synchronous secondary follow the below. Continuity this Continuity to the YKSUSPND REVERSE command the Synchronous Synchronous and the temporarily. the Synchronous to business Universal IBM /OS Synchronous secondary R-VOL JNLVOL secondary JNLVOL VOL Synchronous M-VOL JNLVOL Synchronous M-VOL VOL JNLVOL Synchronous secondary JNLVOL VOL JNLVOL secondary Synchronous secondary JNLVOL VOL secondary JNLVOL
Continuity to the YKRESYNC REVERSE the Synchronous the when the primary/secondary relationship of the Synchronous the as illustrated the or when the primary/secondary relationship of the Synchronous the as the lower-right Continuity YKRESYNC DELTAJNL to the the secondary The of the of as the following of Recovering from the Chapter The of the Synchronous reversed. Operation Secondary Secondary Synchronous and secondary or or Synchronous secondary and secondary or or to business back to the please the and other locations, and then follow the instructions section from Secondary to the 3DC Universal IBM /OS
Establishing 3DC Operations Synchronous secondary R-VOL M-VOL VOL secondary JNL VOL UR JNL VOL Black arrow If arrow the If arrow the M-VOL: R-VOL: VOL: VOL: secondary JNLVOL: Recovery from the This section and instructions establishing 3DC operations using shows the the 3DC operations this section. Universal IBM /OS M-VOL JNL VOL VOL R-VOL VOL Synchronous secondary R-VOL VOL JNL VOL secondary JNL VOL UR VOL JNL VOL Synchronous secondary M-VOL JNL VOL secondary JNL VOL VOL JNL VOL UR
3DC Operations To establish 3DC operations as shown the UR the that the UR as this 2-by- the LINKS the Chapter UR (to and from): (UR-TC)(151#10031) to/from TC to/from (UR-TC) TC UR (UR-TC) to/from TC (UR-TC) Universal IBM /OS
TC three (JNLG and this the the TC and secondary (UR-TC) to TC (UR-TC) TC the UR the UR and secondary (UR-TC) to UR The ID or (UR-TC) IBM /OS
the UR) The ID the as Chapter UR At this UR 3DC operations TC and UR TC operation, option created UR and UR Universal IBM /OS
Performing and Failback the Normal Operations Performing Chapter This section and instructions and that the The following procedures Continuity (BCM) or Command Interface (CCI). This section instructions BCM. shows operations 3DC with Normal Operations 3DC To the Universal IBM /OS
operations the From the the YKSUSPND REVERSE the TC From the the YKRESYNC REVERSE command the TC You to this operation the the From the the YKRESYNC DELTAJNL the YKQUERY YKSUSPND REVERSE YKEWAIT GOTO(SUSPEND) YKQUERY YKRESYNC REVERSE YKEWAIT GOTO(DUPLEX) If the command the UR the and to the SUSPOP the to SUSPOP. YKEWAIT GOTO(DUPLEX) IBM /OS
Performing Failback Chapter YKQUERY YKRESYNC DELTAJNL YKEWAIT GOTO(DUPLEX) If the the UR the and to the HOLD operations the the 3DC from the To to the Stop operation the From the the YKSUSPND FORWARD the TC YKQUERY IBM /OS
From the the YKRESYNC FORWARD the TC YKSUSPND FORWARD YKEWAIT GOTO(SUSPEND) YKQUERY YKRESYNC FORWARD YKEWAIT GOTO(DUPLEX) If the command the UR the and to the SUSPOP the to SUSPOP. YKEWAIT GOTO(SUSPEND) Universal IBM /OS
Chapter From the the YKRESYNC DELTAJNL the YKQUERY YKRESYNC DELTAJNL YKEWAIT GOTO(DUPLEX) If the the UR the and the to the HOLD to Universal IBM /OS
Chapter IBM /OS
Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting information and instructions technical Troubleshooting Calling the IBM /OS Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting The the operation and of computers. troubleshooting information to the troubleshooting the the cabling and the LAN. that both the and LAN cabling attached. the that responding. If necessary, the and the information about displayed computers, please to the the the If the of the becomes yellow Download the the FD If to first the information the FD to the Technical below), and the information the to the service Troubleshooting Table troubleshooting information Universal (henceforth to as Table troubleshooting information and troubleshooting information information about that appears computers, the section. about (service information section Checking Service Information Troubleshooting the of the the to If to the Technical IBM /OS or
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Information Universal Corrective Action The USP Remote software or operations function properly. of and/or that the CU selected. correctly. R-SIM displayed the SIM the USP instructions). information about Checking Service Information displayed the and then the operation. There with the that the with the LAN or the software. or software. the and to the The of the the DKC and The the the Information Table and corrective action Table Troubleshooting with of Paths Path Corrective Action The the Communication Communication the and Universal IBM /OS that and VOLSER). the and secondary and (NVS, cache, DFW). to the and Reference and troubleshooting information. the and to the information the Universal S/N, IDs and secondary IDs). that the and correctly connected to each other. that the S/N and and ID). that the topology of the and correct. that the and that NVS and cache that relay (including and other to the properly and that, the path. You to the or the to the path. finishes, the or the the Path or the DKC
Shortage or, Shortage The (S/N) of Mismatch the match the specified (S/N). The specified as RCP or or this already This established. the path. You to the or the to the path. finishes, the and the using the Path and the DKC The specified the Mismatch physically from the The specified the Mismatch as RCU Communication The Failed. connected to the successfully, timeout occurred. Troubleshooting The and rejected the creating the and other Universal IBM /OS the path, and and currently The to to with to to each and properly ordinary or RCU hosts, RCU If necessary, to the to or and then to the that, the or the the Path or the DKC that the S/N and and ID). that, the path. You to the or the to the path. finishes, the and the the Path or the DKC that the ID, and that the topology of the and correct. that the topology of the and correct. that the S/N and and ID). that, the path. You to the or the to the path. finishes, the and the the Path and the DKC that specified the Correct the necessary. that the and the connected to each other. If the connected please them and then the operation. that the of the and correct. that the specified the as RCU the as RCU that that the and relay and switches) properly and functioning.
Troubleshooting The specified Mismatch correct, or the connected to the Communication timeout occurred the the and the the the the that, the the Path or DKC command, and then the and the the Path or DKC command. the the relay that, the relay the Path or DKC command, and then the and the using the Path or DKC command. The the that, the physically the Path or DKC command, and then the and the the Path or DKC command. detected. the the Path or DKC command, and then the and the the Path or DKC command. Troubleshooting to The the from the or the secondary the secondary option. RCU The the the secondary Universal IBM /OS the path. the specified or and then the operation. the and retry. Corrective Action the from the Clear the the secondary or secondary If to the secondary release the from the secondary If the secondary release the from the and then the If the secondary the from the
to RCU MCU IMPL Initial Copy MCU P/S-OFF Table troubleshooting instructions which the cache and the shared memory of the or secondary the to suspended. Table Troubleshooting The that the secondary to the released the from the secondary The with the secondary or I/O The information its memory the IMPL This only the without than hours and batteries). The this the operation. The the secondary to the the this The the off. of SIM Recovery Universal IBM /OS Release the from the and then the You should the option to the You the option the or secondary the the DKC Table Clear the secondary and the secondary If to the secondary release the from the secondary If the secondary release the from the and then the If the secondary the from the the from the The to the restoring the that the to the secondary Release the from the Clear the the the secondary and the secondary Reformat using ICKDSF. the operation the The these when the
Universal Software Troubleshooting or secondary to of the following primary-secondary creation, operation, operation, process, or process. Journals retained because of the cache memory or the memory to The to and to The secondary to and to The correction-access while the Communicatio the and secondary Communication the the secondary or relay Journal remained the timeout RIO RIO I/O) timeout or RIO occurred the or relay overloaded. RIO finished to the to the The temporarily to to the when operations. The the and displays consisting of four The include USP SVP If to the please the and SVP Please to of displayed the computers. IBM /OS DC0 DC1 DC2 According to SIM, the or the If when Continuity used, secondary to SWAPPING Continuity the group. If these the YKRESYNC REVERSE option the secondary whose which to SWAPPING Continuity terminology YKRESYNC the Continuity This operation the to this operation, the DC0 the from the and secondary or the relay If necessary, increase as the amount of cache, the of and secondary the DC1 the DC2 Release If necessary, increase as the amount of cache, the of and secondary the Re-establish DC8 recovery required. The the when the
Checking Service Information The USP reports service information (SIM) to the when to the of service the The classified to severity reporting and service, serious, or The SVP reports related to operations, and the SVP The to the the SYS1.LOGREC of the operating SIM the LED the USP the Ready and as the The USP software displays the to of the further information SIM reporting, please or the the include the ID of the and the secondary include the ID of the secondary shows typical SIM from the USP the reference (RC) and severity. The RC of and the and the severity. The SIM type the which the the of the SIM SIM. the of (where character), the SIM SIM. severity of and whether or USP reports to the host. The shows SVP Typical SIM Showing Reference and SIM Troubleshooting SIM SSB 8F E0 0C C0 F1 Indicates SIM. IBM /OS SSB13 SSB22, SIM type F1: DKC SIM F2: CACHE SIM FE: DEVICE SIM FF: MEDIA SIM RC
Troubleshooting Table Typical SIM Showing Reference and SIM Reference Severity USP reports SIM to below. Secondary Service restored. Secondary reported the below. Secondary DC 0X Serious suspended. Path recovery DC 1X Serious suspended. the DC 2X Serious suspended. DC 4X Serious suspended. DC 5X Serious suspended. DC 6X Serious secondary suspended. DC 7X Serious secondary suspended. If the DKC type or the of the option whether the SIM reported to the host, as below: the option to ON, the SIM to the host. Universal IBM /OS the secondary the secondary released the secondary Path recovery the secondary to host? repeatedly. repeatedly. repeatedly. repeatedly. repeatedly. repeatedly. repeatedly. Secondary SIM SVP SIM SSB SIM SIM SIM SIM SIM SIM SIM SIM
the option to OFF, the SIM reported to the host. the option to OFF. Troubleshooting Universal IBM /OS
Calling the Troubleshooting If to the to as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of displayed the The of The information the FD The service information including reference and severity displayed The If technical please United States: the United States: Universal IBM /OS
Troubleshooting IBM /OS
and Abbreviations-1 and CU ESCON (IBM I/O input/output IBM International Corporation LAN LCP LED light-emitting LUN or type) MCU NVS PC PCB PSUE PSUS suspended-split P-VOL RAID of RCP RCU RIO IO SIM service information SMPL S/N as s#) SSID subsystem S-VOL secondary SVP service s# as S/N) VOL Universal IBM /OS
C recovery, recovery recovery, switching to the ERC, reporting recovery, I/O suspended, track, point-in-time off/on and write I/O operations, Not type, SYS1.LOGREC, type option), Index-1 Universal IBM /OS VOLSER secondary
Index-2 IBM /OS
Index-3 Universal IBM /OS
Index-4 Index Universal IBM /OS
Universal IBM /OS
Corporate Headquarters Expressway California U.S.A. www.hds.com and Americas Expressway California U.S.A. Phone: Headquarters Sefton Buckinghamshire SL2 4HD United MP-96RD625-01