Copy-on- AST IND INKS Product of MK-97DF8018-00
Copy-on-Write Corporation, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Notice: of this publication or transmitted or or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or or without the written of Corporation to as the right to to this without and responsibility its products and services only the terms and of of the features this currently to the or office information and This the information the of publication. and/or revised information becomes this updated and distributed to users. and service of and the and service of Other and of their respective of third-party products informational only and neither responsibility with to the performance or of these products.
This instructions to those and and operating Copy-on-Write Snapshot software the graphical interface. This includes the following information: Revision and Product Release Notes Referenced Convention Capacity Notice The of the 100and products the terms of with Copy-on-Write
Revision and Product Release Notes This section history of the to this Revision MK-97DF8018-00 October Initial Release This the following to to and information. The and ESD included helpful information, or effectively. Notes or of the that to specified action to the software or This with the following background: Background and RAID and their basic with with operating such as the operating or UNIX. This to 1810/A and higher. to the Release Notes and this The Release Notes located the CD. They and/or that this The Release Notes and/or corrections to this Copy-on-Write
Referenced The following of the and of this Click the chapter title the first to to that chapter. The first of chapter or of the of that section of the with to the where the information located. Chapter/Appendix Chapter Chapter and Chapter and Chapter and Chapter Troubleshooting A, Operations CLI B, Specifications terms and found this locations to information this These information that related to the topics this and information about them. Command Interface (CLI) (MK-97DF8038), to Command Interface (CCI) software (MK-97DF8016). which operations the GUI Copy-on-Write of and they together. and information. instructions and testing information. information and procedures and information. information correcting Command Interface instructions and specifications.
Capacity The following the typographic this Convention Indicates text other than the title, including buttons, and Click OK. Indicates which text the or to Indicates text that displayed or the Indicates which text the or <group> to Indicates optional that choose or Indicates or expected that choose or Indicates that choice or options or that choose or nothing. that choose or Indicates the products based the following KB MB GB TB the based the following KB MB GB TB further information the to the the MK-96DF8061). Copy-on-Write
Information If reading this authorized service or the If purchased this from authorized that the of authorized to the locations and information. To the please the and other information. Please least the following information about the Product and including of optional features and such as RAID and and or service The of displayed the The surrounding the or of the and what to to Confirmation that the Hi-Track and tested. and to this greatly appreciated. HDS, please include the title, and revision. Please to section(s) and whenever Technical M/S Ranch CA Thank become the property of Corporation.) Copy-on-Write
Copy-on-Write
Snapshot of within These recovery from They to the the they This instructions and and testing, and and this chapter, Copy-on-Write Software and Software Works Copy-on-Write
Copy-on-Write Software and Software Copy-on-Write Snapshot software of within the with to service or performance These software testing and or recovery operations. of or that tolerate downtime reason or that of each the to the the amount of each Copy-on-Write Snapshot than the The of Copy-on-Write Snapshot from Copy-on-Write Snapshot V-VOL point-in-time the of typical includes connected to the and software to and software). The to the The software connected to the LAN. and Graphical Interface. Advanced user functionality with Command-Line interface (CLI) and Command Interface (CCI). shows typical Copy-on-Write
Works functional The following sections these together. of another This created when Select that to another that the Associate the and secondary of the the (secondary) the or written to the to the the the updated, the the as the of the The from primary-to-secondary or secondary-to-primary. Copy-on-Write
and relationship established consists of which the and the (P-VOL), and from to which of the P-VOL. The P-VOL and its V- located the V-VOL of the P-VOL the of the snapshot. the P-VOL, which the the V-VOL of to the To the of the P-VOL as written to the P-VOL, to the V-VOL updated to reference the location the and interaction. Copy-on-Write
V-VOL Copy-on-Write
(DM-LU) Consistency (CTG) InterfaceStorage snapshot, the V-VOL of the P-VOL as writes the P-VOL. To this, written to the P-VOL, the that to the the V-VOL to the that located the the V-VOL point-in-time of the P-VOL. The function the to each assigned to or the of or V- The DM-LU information when the The DM-LU treated the as other the from host. The DM-LU the factory GB. Application than With it to operations as group. group (CTG), treated as entity. as consistency allows operations to concurrently. the the workstation to and functions with of interfaces: graphical interface (GUI) or Command Interface (CLI). Instructions this to both interfaces. CAUTION! CLI with of this CLI warranty. Please with using CLI Copy-on-Write
that with or restored. With of that and other Creating that business when to match business This chapter that and the of The and Workflow Assessing Establishing Capacity Considerations Copy-on-Write and and
The and Workflow Assessing Establishing How Copy (Copy and The consists of the of the P-VOL, the they the that and the of the The the organizations business and the write that the The and consists of the following: business often should the should the of P-VOL. Measure write the of the These this chapter. other implemented. These this chapter. established the allowed This to with the the the that operating interact with to the information the of the chapter. to with to retained and what the business or organization when These the following: often snapshot should (the V-VOL) should The of that the P-VOL. The that to business impacted. To often should knowledge of business, without to the business. Copy-on-Write
Selecting Reasonable Snapshots Copy (Copy Based Ideally, business the world, and You or organizations the of business the of hours to and If hours of business should hours. If hours of business every hours. should of the factors to The that snapshots, the the Copy to to reduce the The of snapshots, too or too indicated business that too frequently to the This would of to and such The should to and the indicated business that the the the the the This than V-VOL used. If of the P-VOL, then to the P-VOL the Copy the of (V-VOL) to the factors: organizations holding Secondary business of the the snapshots then the of If the to the the to the to to V-VOL to hours V-VOL hours Copy-on-Write and
Based the of that and If the to as recovery, the the of of to the Snapshot hours hours V-VOL hours If (the V-VOL) testing the testing the amount of If the the If business the reporting the V-VOL and the of P-VOL. backed hours, and business-use of the the V-VOL holding hours. this would there four 12-hour the 48-hour This V-VOL Copy-on-Write
Workload The from the P-VOL that replaced. holding this the the of the V-VOL the of the snapshot. You the of the that by: Measuring the amount of write that from the to the P-VOL. the that written to the the amount of that the of V-VOL Multiplying the of and To the amount of that The amount of written to the the Workload collected performance software operating the of month, and The to that shows high and when and the the greatest. To operating performance software, the following: bytes/second every physical that replicated. Collect this Collect this that includes high and and when the the greatest. Copy-on-Write and
and At the of the the to MB/second, already and spreadsheet shows collected MB/sec the established the spreadsheet function. If then the If then using the Rolling V-VOL using C4, type Copy-on-Write
Press This instructs the to the B2 through B7 and C4 with that Copy the C4. Highlight C5 to the C the of the spreadsheet. Right-click the highlighted and the option. the and the initially C4. It then the and the C graphed Rolling Graphed the (RA) the C this and the following the the of (V-VOL): (RA (V-VOL seconds) V-VOL the RA and the V-VOL seconds hour), then: 25MB/sec seconds MB The 1-hour MB. Copy-on-Write and
of and the the MB of V-VOL the of which established MB V-VOLS MB This the which the the hours, and the of It highly recommended that factor of using the following MB MB It to factor increases this the the of expected MB MB This the of the with factored the first this each the MB MB This the of the with factored the of the rates shown Table Table Workload Rates when write Snapshot hours hours hours hours the rates Table (P-VOL of of P-VOL TB. hours. of TB GB. the the factor of the GB GB. This the Copy-on-Write
Capacity the the of GB GB TB) The as the P-VOL and should least GB. to assigned to assigned to host. replication of GB and GB replication the below and to the capacity. To capacity the of each P-VOL the P-VOL GB P-VOL GB P-VOL capacity, the ROUNDUP (P-VOL P-VOL1: ROUNDUP GB, the P-VOL Capacity P-VOL2: ROUNDUP GB, the P-VOL Capacity each P-VOL, the and their P-VOL1 whose GB P-VOL2 whose GB capacity, the ROUNDUP P-VOL ROUNDUP GB, the P-VOL ROUNDUP GB, the following P-VOL capacity) capacity) GB Copy-on-Write and
Considerations P-VOL and V-VOL and PVOL GB GB GB GB GB GB GB this the capacity GB, below the of GB. If to the of the P-VOL GB the of SI S-VOL TB GB) the S-VOL GB GB the from TB (the allowed GB GB 10.From this the P-VOL capacity. The or GB GB GB If the capacity, or of the following: the P-VOL the of the the of the of the V-VOL P-VOL/S-VOL The following sections when The LU to specify the P-VOL and V-VOL to the of to LUN, as follows: the HLUN of From the Copy-on-Write
Software, Path Switching Software Microsoft (MSCS) Right-click the whose HLUN to then The displayed to the right of LUN the the HLUN. HLUN-to-LUN the the tree that displays, the then the On the On the the Units the HLUN. The LUN displays the If the HLUN the another and the V-VOL of the software and the switching software. both P-VOL and its V-VOL the the P-VOL and V-VOL to hosts. both P-VOL and its V-VOL the the P-VOL and V-VOL to hosts. P-VOL from the host. to V-VOL. P-VOL from the host. to V-VOL. mounting the CCI mount command. that included Please CCI the which the mount to executed. information, the Command Interface (CCI) Reference CCI, than the when the recovered. the to recovery. CCI the CCI to Copy-on-Write and
and LVM and and both P-VOL and its V-VOL the the P-VOL and V-VOL to hosts. the following when You P-VOL and V-VOL however P-VOL and V-VOL as V-VOL with secondary host, that the both P-VOL and its V-VOL the the P-VOL and V-VOL to hosts. LU, which or copied. function other than V-VOL the secondary the that the the command. restriction the the to the the of restoration. Copy-on-Write
If of the this manually the (CCI required). Copy-on-Write and
and Copy that of or from host. the completed, them host. with (MSCS, VCS, with and HDLM. Copy-on-Write
This chapter Supported Platforms Copy-on-Write
Supported Platforms Table shows the B, Specifications information. Table 1810/A or or CCI: or greateroptional. CCI advanced users. of and the of of of assigned to One or assigned to Command The only when CCI operation. CCI advanced only. The than or to MB. Table shows the platforms and operating Table Platforms Platforms SUN (SPARC) PC (Microsoft) AS2.1 (IA32) Copy-on-Write (SPARC) (SPARC) (IA32) (IA64) AS/ES (IA32) AS/ES (IA32) AS/ES (AMD64/EM64T) AS/ES (AMD64/EM64T) AS/ES (IA64) AS/ES (IA64)
with the It Copy-on-Write and and
and To the GUI, the where to and the the tree then Select the then the the of the The appears. To the To clear the NOTE: Click OK the that appears the and OK The appears confirming the operation the process, that the Copy-on-Write
ready, the the of the then The displays. If the its finished, appears that the Click and Copy-on-Write
and Copy-on-Write
This chapter the Workflow Assign the the (V-VOL) Copy-on-Write
Workflow Assign the Notes The following completed to become The P-VOL should to B, Specifications information. Assign (V-VOL) The the created. the the P-VOL that updated. The the to the snapshot. information the To and assign (Advanced using CLI, the POOL A-3 GUI, the then the From the Replication the Replication then the The displays. Select instructions clicking the To the to assigned to of GB The Threshold reaches the Threshold both and to Threshold and the warning. If reaches the and the V- VOL Copy-on-Write
the (V-VOL) the the GUI used, created and automatically. You to V-VOL If the the then with the instructions below. the that allows to assign the to (and group), and the creating. the the and GUI as the following To assign as (Advanced CLI, the V-VOL A-4 GUI, the then the From the Replication the Replication then the The displays. Select Units The Units Click LU The Unit appears. the LUN to the V-VOL. You LUN that matches the P-VOL The lowest LU the the V-VOL the Capacity field. Capacity the of the P-VOL. The Capacity MB TB. Click OK Copy-on-Write
Copy-on-Write
This chapter the replication and replication with using functionality. Replication Workflow the V-VOL the P-VOL from the V-VOL the V-VOL Reports, the Copy-on-Write
Replication Workflow the Following the creation of the which operation, includes the following basic the V-VOL the P-VOL from the V-VOL the V-VOL, and the and The following sections these the that created, the P-VOL to the host. The V-VOL the and the There to back the GUI. the below. This the and Preparation consists of the following: the the B-1 B-2 specifications. assigning Assign the the which allows This that allows to assign the to (and group), and the created. Preparation consists of the following: the the B-1 B-2 specifications. assigning Assign the the V-VOL. the (V-VOL) (Advanced users using CLI, please Creating A-5 GUI, the then the The On the Common the The On the Introduction Next The Select Copy-on-Write
Procedure Existing the the Click the to the LUN that to back then Next The Secondary displays. The secondary the with the as the selected P-VOL. the LUN the or the Then Next The displays. the or From the the then Next The Confirm displays. Click Confirm then The created. the this allows to assign the to (and group), and the created. GUI, the then the From the Replication the Replication The displays. Select the The displays. the Copy the There while the refreshes. the the the and Secondary the and secondary that to the secondary the that previously Capacity of the V-VOL to the P-VOL capacity. From the the previously that to assign to the Click the Advanced From the Copy the that Copy the which created or Select of the following: The when I/O activity The of or guaranteed. (Recommended) The continuously, the of guaranteed. The I/O activity. The continuously and priority. I/O performance restricted. The of guaranteed. Copy-on-Write
the V-VOL the Assignment the option of assigning the to consistency group. Consistency (CTG) of the following: If to the to group, the Ungrouped selected. To and the to the New or existing and the the To the to existing group, the the or the the NOTE: consistency as follows: On the the the to the group. Click the On the the then OK the the field, of the following: Click the to the immediately. and the V-VOL become of the P-VOL the of the the to the The V-VOL with the P-VOL the 12.Click OK then the that appears. The created. the V-VOL to snapshot. when the V-VOL: of the and the Resyncing that the P-VOL and V-VOL re-synchronized. This the of when the previously. to the V- VOL. the V-VOL updated, and with the P-VOL, then the the of the snapshot. The V-VOL and the P- VOL the the the the the V-VOL The V-VOL then and operations secondary host. To the V-VOL (Advanced users using CLI, Unit A- GUI, the then the Copy-on-Write
the P-VOL from the V-VOL from From the Replication the Replication The displays. Select the that to and the the of the The operation the amount of the completed, the This completed quickly. finished, the V-VOL updated. NOTE: from the when V-VOL updated. The allows to P-VOL to from (V-VOL). The amount of to the of the P-VOL and the amount of that the P-VOL, The V-VOL to that the successfully. the the the P- VOL. Once the P-VOL The The copying from V-VOL to P-VOL the background. The P-VOL read/write from the the restoration. To the P-VOL from the V-VOL the Un-mount the P-VOL from the the GUI, the Replication the Replication tree Advanced users the CLI, please to Restoring V- VOL to P-VOL A-6 the GUI, the to the Click instructions clicking the You the P-VOL from directly or indirectly, as follows: If the V-VOL Copy-on-Write
the V-VOL Reports, (V-VOL) to of secondary These include to the to or and Whichever the and the The following the GUI or CLI, with operating The should hours the To the V-VOL secondary Un-mount the V-VOL. This only the V-VOL currently secondary the or the This to the of the GUI users, please the instruction the V-VOL Advanced users CLI, please the instruction Unit A-6 NOTE: to operation, while others those that or rather than there performance the P-VOL. becomes Paired, or the the Doing this that the the of the P-VOL. GUI users, please the instruction the V-VOL Advanced using CLI, please the instruction Unit A-6 or the that back operation Mount the S-VOL (V-VOL) another the the (V-VOL). NOTE: operations the (V- VOL), effectively reading from the P-VOL. This I/O the P- VOL affects the performance. Copy-on-Write
You information concerning and the and increase the capacity threshold, and o the GUI, the Replication the Replication tree Advanced users CLI, Information A-8 the GUI, the that to the Click the instructions information clicking the To the GUI, the Replication the Replication tree Advanced CLI, please to Command Interface (CLI) information. the GUI, then Select the LUN that to to as then OK You the V-VOL, and to free or when them. the and to their SIMPLEX Both another V-VOL: The V-VOL the To Select the Replication the Replication tree Advanced users using the CLI, Releasing A-7 the GUI, the to the Click To V-VOL that the first. The SIMPLEX to the V-VOL. Copy-on-Write
the Select the Units the tree the Units Snapshot the V-VOL that to Click LU appears. Click The V-VOL To Select the the tree Select to the Click appears. Click You should closely and Copy-on-Write
business the protection It that capacity to the from If should become the associated with and This chapter information and instructions and the the Copy-on-Write and and
and The capacity to the You that the write closely the following: To (Advanced users CLI, the Command Interface (CLI) GUI, the then the From the Replication the Replication The displays. the whose to the then the Click the Refresh Information to the current.Statuses and Action when the paired or when the The with another Paired V-VOL of the P- VOL. to the P-VOL to the V-VOL. P-VOL restoration from V-VOL The Thresholdover Threshold the increasing exceeded; warning capacity. Copying to or overflow. become Copy-on-Write If the increase capacity.
the Other Lowering The should frequently. To (Advanced users CLI, the Command Interface (CLI) GUI, the then the From the Replication the Replication then the The displays. Select The displays. the and the Used This shows the of the that used. Click the Refresh Information to the If reaches the Threshold or to the should expanded, and/or the and of reduced. NOTE: Threshold the It of the that, when reached, that capacity to reached. The Threshold that the of to its To the capacity The allows of One of to the instructions, the V-VOL or to the of the following actions as or to expanding the or With the V-VOL holding shorter of which the the of that enough originally allocated. and information. Copy-on-Write and
and Copy-on-Write
of with and exceeded. This chapter the and these Capacity Copy-on-Write Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Recovering from to POOL FULL Recovering from to Troubleshooting affecting the or whose capacity To the of the of the whose associated to If the of the POOL FULL, the to exceeded. the of the other than POOL FULL, the to The restoring the to the To recover when POOL FULL the that the and information the following: Measuring write and of the This the amount of that the and the of the Assessing business to the and of or of the following: Increase the of the Assign the the of the of the To recover the the information to what the the the restored, the information. the Copy-on-Write
Capacity exceeded, increase the of the the POOL FULL caused as To these please Recovering from to POOL FULL Copy-on-Write Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Copy-on-Write
CAUTION! CLI users with of this CLI warranty. Please with using CLI This Command Interface (CLI) Snapshot and operations. and Operations Performing CLI Operations Copy-on-Write Operations CLI A1 Operations CLI
and A2 Operations CLI with the You The following the NOTE: The following to released (that the of SMPL); Snapshot (V- VOL) From the the which the of the to then to the the to the or Following of the from to If to the from to the option. -option SNAPSHOT to the option? The option successfully. to the to the to the subsystem while restarting. that the subsystem terminate abnormally. Please the Also, the when restarting Remote Replication, restarting the subsystem both Replication to Remote Replication to when "Paired(PAIR)" or Please Remote Replication to with restarting? to restarting the The subsystem restarted successfully. It the subsystem to respond, the of the If the of the to whether the shown below. Option NameType Copy-on-Write
Operations the POOL Snapshot to each assigning that created and to assigned to each The of immediately LU assigned. confirmed GB. The following apply to assigned to once assigned to host. when the of the POOL GB least recommended as POOL capacity. Incidentally, when the POOL the threshold of the the to the LU with SAS and LU with SATA with the of the LU to the or The following the creating POOL Snapshot. To From the command the subsystem to which to the then to the the the to assigned to and then The following the of specifying LU Units LUN Capacity RAID RAID 30.0GB 9D+2P) SAS Normal 35.0GB 9D+2P) SAS Normal to the to the The Copy-on-Write A3 Operations CLI
the V-VOL A4 Operations CLI the to that the created. to the following GB) Threshold Normal LUN Capacity RAID RAID 30.0GB 9D+2P) SAS Normal the as the to Snapshot To existing to the following to from the The To existing threshold to the following -thres to the threshold of the The threshold of the To first V-VOL. If the assigned to V-VOL when the V-VOL, assigns the to the To the V-VOL: From the the subsystem to which to the V-VOL, then to the the V-VOL. to the The created. Copy-on-Write
Performing CLI Operations Creating To existing to the following of the V- VOL, the to the The The operates To the and its options, type the command To From the the subsystem to which to the then to the the the to assigned to P-VOL, and then to the following Units LUN Capacity RAID RAID GB 9D+2P) SAS Normal GB 9D+2P) SAS Normal to SS_LU0200_LU1001? The created successfully. the to that the created. to the following LUN LUN Copy SS_LU0200_LU1001 ---:Ungrouped The Snapshot created. Copy-on-Write A5 Operations CLI
Unit Restoring V-VOL to P-VOL A6 Operations CLI To the V-VOL: From the the subsystem to which to the then to the the the the of the Snapshot to Paired option. Then, the to option. to the following to The successfully. to The successfully. to the to the following LUN LUN Copy SS_LU0200_LU1001 ---:Ungrouped The V-VOL updated. To the V-VOL to the P-VOL: From the the subsystem to which to the then to the the the the and then the to the following Copy-on-Write
Releasing LUN LUN Copy SS_LU0200_LU1001 ---:Ungrouped to The successfully. to the to the following LUN LUN Copy SS_LU0200_LU1001 Paired( ---:Ungrouped V-VOL to P-VOL restored. To release the Snapshot and the to From the the subsystem to which to release the then to the the release the to the following to release The released successfully. to release the to the following DMEC002015: information displayed. The Snapshot released. Copy-on-Write A7 Operations CLI
Information Creating that to A8 Operations CLI You the and/or From the the to which to the information, then to the the the information. This of to information? The information successfully. The Snapshot information To that to group: the first that to specifying the with the option. The created and this group, the created to the following to SS_LU0200_LU1001? The created successfully. the to the using to the information. to the following group-name to information? The information successfully. the that to the created specifying the of the created with option. that the P-VOL repeating the the that to the created. Copy-on-Write
This section off REM Specify the of the REM the (Specify Ungroup the to group) G_NAME=Ungrouped REM Specify the P_NAME=SS_LU0001_LU0002 REM Specify the directory that mount of P-VOL and V-VOL BACKUPDIR=C:\backup REM Specify GUID of P-VOL and V-VOL REM Unmounting the V-VOL %BACKUPDIR% REM the %UNITNAME% %P_NAME% %G_NAME% %UNITNAME% %P_NAME% %G_NAME% paired REM Unmounting the P-VOL pairdisplay %MAINDIR% REM the %UNITNAME% %P_NAME% %G_NAME% %UNITNAME% %P_NAME% %G_NAME% REM Mounting the P-VOL mount %MAINDIR% REM Mounting the V-VOL mount %BACKUPDIR% The of from to NOTE: or used, mount of CCI when mounting/un-mounting The GUID, which command, as to mount command of CCI. about mount command, the Command Interface (CCI) Reference Copy-on-Write A9 Operations CLI
A10 Operations CLI Copy-on-Write
This specifications Snapshot. Specifications Copy-on-Write Specifications B1 Specifications
Specifications B2 Specifications B-1 specifications Table B-1: Specifications Item Specification SMS100 only.) interface of SMS100: Command to subsystem The than or to MB. Unit of the of and of V- P-VOL) RAID P-VOL: RAID S-VOL: RAID Combination of RAID Not the of the P-VOL the as or than that of the (The this V-VOL.) Consistency (CTG) to consistency allowed to or concurrently with SMS100, to assigned to consistency group. of to to to subsystem Unified cant LU (DM-LU) information when the The DM-LU the factory GB of P- The capacity of VOL and based P-VOL and Capacity Access to the from from the host. of expanded capacity The expanded while the P-VOL and V-VOL Copy-on-Write
Table B-1: Specifications Item Reduction of only when the that the released. of of with expanded P-VOL expanded or expanding V- VOL of the V-VOL when P-VOL and V-VOL and paired. V-VOL P-VOL with and the the paired with with expanded with LUN with Protection caused P- V-VOL the P-VOL, VOL therefore P-VOL V-VOL also. Copy-on-Write B3 Specifications
B4 Specifications Copy-on-Write
C This replication terms as as terms related to the that Click the of the section to that Copy-on-Write
C Glossary2 of mounted and together to function as asynchronous and rather than steady replication acknowledging the write, write to Synchronous replication acknowledgement (ACK) from the and the background physical of from the to the second, the of C cache temporary, high-speed It section of memory or high-speed of found computers: memory and Memory caches built the architecture of and often cache memory. caching memory however, memory that memory The amount of information that It the of the of the or to the of CCI command interface. Copy-on-Write
C CLI interface. of sectors. The operating assigns to each and then of to which they The amount of cluster, the overhead and the operating the amount of archive including and command interface (CCI) Command Interface software of and software operations through the of commands issued from host. CCI function operations. Dedicated that software such as CCI, to interface with the Command ordinary Command shared hosts. interface (CLI) of interacting with operating or software With Command Interface, CLI to interact with and and replication of S-VOL when S-VOL S-VOL with P-VOL AND the memory. S-VOL the memory write operations. This which the P-VOL, reflected to the S-VOL. To of the S-VOL, written the P-VOL operations that or while other that This allows to allows to the the copied, however, the or of the of the Copy-on-Write
C The the CCI Software The created and/ or edited text and from the PC where the CCI software The of the or consistency (CTG) of or or or which from or these as (CTG) and treated as entity. of and operated as consistency group. of S-VOL which of S-VOL from previous the of S-VOL internally each and the operations this to the S-VOL, consistency the of operations recovery. CRC Checking, the of that or and CRC consists of of computed as function of the to protected, and to the the or received, the function recomputed, and the to that to the CTG Consistency Group. specified to recurring copying. each and based the of consistency CTG. from the P- VOL to the S-VOL. Software replication as recurring operations Copy-on-Write
C One or to temporarily the or of the The (of the P-VOL) and the S-VOL). that information. Other such as and information The of continuously the the and when to them. The of copying the from the to the secondary The updated from the (the the to the Unit (DM-LU) The to there to DM Copy-on-Write and the DM-LU when the The writes to the Copy-on-Write, the to the of the P-VOL to the of the snapshot. recovery of to recover and or other recovery include and containing to as or DM-LU Unit. Copy-on-Write
C The of P-VOL and S-VOL while write operation. The of or and half-duplex. the of telephone both once. half-duplex the to the secondary to that both of that writing or The of functionally The often to connected to the and computers. If of the and the its I/O to the of restarting business operations using the P-VOL. It the recovered. with the to operating, possibly reduced rather than failing completely, when of the FC Copy-on-Write
C firmware Software It to as The and the reception of second. of to the or amount of to the S-VOL Since only the the P-VOL to the S-VOL, the of to S-VOL often the as that of written to the P-VOL. The amount of that write the the of write operations (inflow) and outgoing (outflow). GUI Graphical interface. I/O operation copying the to the secondary to processing. Initial when created. port-type of Remote Copy function. IOPS I/O second. Copy-on-Write
C Interface, TCP/IP carrying SCSI commands IP Interface, TCP/IP carrying SCSI commands IP LAN Network, that relatively such as building or of UNIX computing, the of the amount of that of the or organized. The of physical, which to the organization of of that of collected together The appears this to users. Physically, the of the (LUN) and the Used the SCSI as to within SCSI normally (or of RAID LU LUN LUN This operated through software and and each Copy-on-Write
C sophisticated the the information surrounding the sophisticated, of that the The lowest-level instructions directly and It to as Microsoft Microsoft clustering that clustering of NT to mount To mount or to to or mount The location where mount or that attached to NTFS the mount mount directory. to that associated with each other replication, usually of or and secondary or as the The operation that splits "Paired", written to the to the secondary the the updated, the secondary as the of the the assigned to or operations. when operations or as of to operations and Copy-on-Write
C paired that paired The of whether or when from to another, such as or computers. It that the to allow the to that the free. Parity RAID that that becomes RAID or where the acts as of that (PPRC) hardware-based from (the the of secondary (the recovery point-in-time or of This or to with the Used to of archive of and migrated from other or The where the of and secondary The operations. that the the where the and the secondary where the when the the or where the (P-VOL) The It as the of operation. operations the P-VOL while the "S-VOL" (secondary P-VOL Copy-on-Write
C RAID of which of the physical capacity to information about user the of the capacity. The information of user the that of the or the to Recovery (RPO) recovery operation, the RPO the to which to This to what should recovered. the recovery. Recovery (RTO) The allowed to or and associated back to It the within which business operations or to business or from the the and the each each of the built the operations, the (R-VOL) located subsystem from the resynchronization to the operations to the back synchronization. The when the the and secondary RPO Recovery RTO Recovery Copy-on-Write
C Glossary12 SAS Attached SCSI, of SCSI peripheral interface which directly to SAS performance SCSI SAS to of and to connected SATA ATA the of to and from and SATA the of the Advanced (ATA) interface from to architecture. secondary (S VOL) of the (P-VOL) the of and Recurring to the the S-VOL with the P-VOL. SMPL to of the and organization of the as it existed SNM2 that to and the of arrays. to as when the while the the the updated the S-VOL secondary Copy-on-Write
C S-VOL of operations, S-VOL the S-VOL the This the of each and of S-VOL with P-VOL the or type of location to which or copied. (V-VOL) Copy-on-Write, secondary which of the (P-VOL) as existed the of the snapshot. The V-VOL of to the P-VOL and the The V-VOL appears as to secondary host. that closely physical from the operating The basic of as from the host. from the P-VOL to the S-VOL. It typically consists of (P-VOL) the and secondary (S-VOL) the V-VOL V-VOLTL Library. WMS Workgroup Copy-on-Write
C write that S-VOL, the that the P-VOL, when there write operations This to consistency the S-VOL and each record. records then the within the to write write The amount of written to specified of Copy-on-Write