Universal Platform Platform VM Universal AST IND INKS Product MK-96RD626-07
Universal Platform V/VM Universal Copyright Corporation, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Notice: of this publication or transmitted or or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or or without the written of Corporation to as the right to to this without and responsibility its products and services the terms and of of the this currently to the or office information and This the information the of publication. and/or revised information becomes this and to users. and and service of The of Provisioning, Hi-Track, and Network or of other or or or service of and to products or services of their respective owners.
This and instructions the Universal software to and Universal Operations the Platform and Platform VM Please this to to this and reference This includes the following information: Product Revision this Revision Referenced Capacity Notice: The of and other products the terms of with Universal Platform V/VM Universal
This and Authorized Service who and operating the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM This the following: The user background and RAID and their The with the Platform and Universal Platform VM and the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM and Reference The user with the software the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM and the Product This to USP V/VM and higher. Revision MK-96RD626-P February Release MK-96RD626-00 Initial Release, and MK-96RD626-P MK-96RD626-01 Revision and MK-96RD626-00 MP-96RD626-02 July Revision and MK-96RD626-01 MP-96RD626-03 Revision and MK-96RD626-02 MP-96RD626-04 Revision and MK-96RD626-03 MK-96RD626-05 November Revision and MK-96RD626-04 MK-96RD626-06 Revision and MK-96RD626-05 MK-96RD626-07 March Revision and MK-96RD626-06 Universal Platform V/VM Revision
Source this Revision this Revision MP-96RD626-06 chapter about spreadsheets Spreadsheets Operations) about the spreadsheets Universal Operations about the VMA of VMA of about the of the information Table about the operation the GET_ALL Information from and The following of the and of this Click the chapter title the to to that chapter. The first of each chapter to the sections within that chapter. of Universal of Universal About Universal Operations the functions and of Universal Universal the and Operations Universal operations. the Universal the Universal GUI Performing Universal the Universal Operations Spreadsheets Universal to spreadsheets Universal Operations operations Remote Command Devices command Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Troubleshooting troubleshooting information Universal and instructions technical Connecting Capacity Each the capacity each type. Emulation C to the when creating and the and this Index the topics this Referenced Platform V/VM: Command Interface (CCI) and Reference MK-90RD011 Copy-on-Write Snapshot MK-96RD607 Provisioning MK-96RD641 LUN MK-96RD616 Performance MK-96RD617 MK-96RD618 IBM MK-96RD619 MK-96RD621 MK-96RD613 IBM MK-96RD623 MK-96RD622 Universal IBM MK-96RD625 Universal MK-96RD624 LVI/LUN and MK-96RD630 MK-96RD629 Universal Platform V/VM Universal Chapter
The terms Universal Platform V and USP V to of the Universal Platform V, otherwise noted. The Universal Platform VM and USP VM to of the Universal Platform VM, otherwise noted. This the following typographic Indicates other than the title, including buttons, and Click OK Indicates which text the or screen/code Indicates text that or the Indicates which text the or <group> Indicates optional that choose or Indicates or expected that choose or Indicates that choice or options or Indicates the Platform V/VM Universal to to that choose or nothing. that choose or
This the following to to information: Capacity Physical capacity) based the following capacity capacity) based the following Platform V/VM Universal to and/or information. helpful information, or effectively. Warns the of and/or operations). WARNING Warns the user of and/or operations). KB MB GB TB PB KB MB GB TB PB
If to the to as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of the The of displayed The USP V/VM information obtained using the FD The service information including reference and severity and/or the host. The hours/day, If technical please United States: the United States: Please this to include the title, and revision. Please to section(s) and whenever Technical M/S Ranch CA Thank become the property of Corporation.) Universal Platform V/VM Universal
of of This chapter of Universal Universal Unifying Copy Operations Unifying from to Platform V/VM Universal
software the of of It the operation of connected to USP V/VM as they and and software. The of with software and replication, as as host-based Combined with Migration software, Universal of The features and of Universal Universal attached to the USP V/VM of Creates of of physical location Creates based of existing business software and to of Universal Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Unifying Copy Operations of the operations the which If Universal the following operations the as when the USP V/VM To the USP V/VM and To and another Without UVM, operations required. USP V/VM UVM allows to operations the USP V/VM the that physical memory Copy operation showing the of Unifying Copy Operations Platform V/VM Universal
Unifying from to to the from to they to follow the instructions the If Universal only to the from to the USP V/VM the completed, the the as the USP V/VM Unifying from to of Platform V/VM Universal Without UVM, to USP V/VM UVM allows to the from to USP V/VM the that physical memory Access showing the of
About Universal Operations About Universal Operations This chapter the functions and of Universal Connecting Universal Operations Universal Choosing Mapped from Connected Interoperability with other Products and Functions of with Other Products Platform V/VM Universal
Connecting to (OEM) and other (such as IBM or EMC) as Hosts these as internal of the USP V/VM this the USP V/VM and connected the from assigning the to the This from assigning the to the the to only internal of The of E2- E50-3). shows the of and which connected the function. the the to the of the switch the interface. The of which Universal the the as internal Notes: that the which as from the that connected to the that the using the function function) of the Once as internal to the from the From the host, the that mapped as the There restriction. About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal
the that physical memory showing the of About Operations of Universal as internal Universal as shown becomes to the as the Universal Platform V/VM Interface Switch WWN WWN
Universal using Universal the following The following the relations of the Universal Universal This section the of the cross-subsystem and as shown the About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal (USP V/VM Universal which of Devices) Cross-subsystem C or SVP the that physical memory showing the of the WWN Cross-subsystem Path Path
and Cross-subsystem Paths and Paths the C to from the The as internal the the the from the the as internal as internal USP V/VM the and connecting to USP V/VM connecting to the About Universal Operations using the of the to the with the The which with the the "cross-subsystem path". The of the to to the The connected to the of the that which connected to The which connected to host. To Universal to Universal the to the SVP and the Universal operations. This the or to internal where this internal of created internal and This path", which with another cross-subsystem of path. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
To the which as from the or other products, the to the To Universal the of or VLL function to internal where The created these the this These usually other to VLL VDEV LDEV the to VLL LDEV. Therefore, VLL function to the as creating the internal and the LVI/LUN and About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal
Universal Operations About Operations to the following operations. to You attributes, and subsystem to the supply of the You follow procedures to the supply of the when used. To or off the of the to the to the commands of Universal and the cross-subsystem or the the to the Universal to the path. to the of You to the and the of the of You of spreadsheets Universal the spreadsheets. Spreadsheets allow to the of which when of the the the from the Command Interface computers. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Universal the Universal to the following: Which connected to Which and should as the internal to What to How to cross-subsystem to from the Choosing The Universal as the the connected to the of the the information the from the The connected to the other than the to the to the LU to the released. The of the where the LU already to Therefore, whose to the Universal operations. The whose software RCU or other as Universal the to the to other than Choosing and to the become as the (internal the each that should as internal You the that the capacity. About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal
to Attributes About Universal Operations of GB as internal of GB, then GB of the would from the You whose than the capacity. of GB as internal which least GB. The or of the type that when the mapped. as internal to the to group. which Universal classified of this type instance, to group. the and them though the to the You to assign to as internal the of the the or the of the Universal The of the as follows: Emulation type Select type the from the The type OPEN-V selected the to the existing the from the to the existing the to the to the OPEN-V type when the mapped. If the type other than OPEN-V the Once this provided, the becomes than the the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
or Inflow or About Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal whether the write from the to the or asynchronously cache to I/O to and from the or cache. operations backed cache. If the the cache memory, the the that I/O completed and then the to the If the the that I/O operation completed the written the to the If the the which the to the of specified. the operation, the the cache the following: that written the written to the of the If the type (such as that written using such as Format asynchronously to the of the that written such as to the as the Inflow whether the writing to the cache memory or when the writing to the inflow to If the writing operation to cache and the I/O from the when the writing to the If the I/O from the the operation written to the cache memory the writing to the Once the writing to the becomes the the cache memory written to the the
Cross-subsystem Paths Path About Universal Operations CLPR the cache memory cache (CLPR) to the the the information CLPR. cross-subsystem from to To of the the switch, or the recommended that cross-subsystem This redundancy allows to the I/O operations to the when the You to of cross-subsystem group". group, the cross-subsystem that the highest the path. The cross-subsystem other than path of the when the You of cross-subsystem to establish the and the At this to the from the of the If established the the of the of the and the showing the of the displayed when this cross-subsystem selecting the and the of the to the of cross-subsystem You cross-subsystem when the cross-subsystem paths. You or the completing the of the Path or the connected Universal Platform V/VM Universal
the the with the highest path) to the I/O to the the path, the with the highest used. the of the the The to the to the the (round-robin processing). when the with the of the as internal Universal the I/O operations to the the the operation. The switched to the when the operation instance, operation the or the the switched to the path, the I/O operation to the though occurred the path. the three continuously, the switched to the path. of Paths of path. WWN A and WWN B, connected to CL1-A and CL2-A respectively, which to the the You to specify the of the the path. Therefore, CL1 and CL2 specified. About Universal Operations Platform V/VM
About Universal Operations Path CL1-A Path CL2-A where of Path of when switch used. specified the and connected to the the through the switch. this of clusters specified the Therefore, the of the CL1-A CL2-A where the of Path Platform V/VM Universal WWN WWN Switch Path WWN Path LUN LUN LUN LUN
the internal and the However, specified the and specified the the switch. This recommended of clusters to the path Universal of Path of Switching I/O Paths to Paths This section the of the performance when the I/O path switched to the each as follows: the About Operations Platform V/VM CL1-A where the the the the and there least the shows of the when the path, using the other than the path. the path, the of the resumed. Switch Path WWN Path WWN LUN LUN
About Universal Operations C C where the I/O the Path the shows of the when the the that the I/O switched to the with the highest priority. the with the higher than the currently path, the I/O switched to the that the highest priority. Universal Platform V/VM Universal Path WWN Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN C Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN C Priority
the Path the and there least the About Universal Operations Platform V/VM C C where the I/O shows of the when the and there the the Normal and the shows another of the when the the of there the only. Path WWN Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN C Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN Priority Path WWN C Priority
when the EVA as the with the highest priority, the I/O switched back to the highest path. this the of the which the to Normal when the occurred back to About Universal Operations the that the I/O switched to the with the highest the Normal If there the Normal other than the that the of the the to Normal, and the I/O switched to that path. C C where the I/O with Paths Normal and Universal Platform V/VM Path Priority Normal WWN Path Priority WWN Path Priority Normal WWN C Path Priority WWN Path Priority WWN Path Priority Normal WWN C
with Paths About Operations Platform V/VM Universal C C where the I/O Path Priority Normal WWN Path Priority WWN Path Priority WWN C Path Priority WWN Path Priority Normal WWN Path Priority WWN C
Connecting If the type the as the the of the becomes the operation. the the to or the VLL function the the then the through the ESCON or FICON If the of the from the the existing formatting assured. the from the OS, the from the (USP V/VM) Connecting About Operations that and ESCON or FICON directly to the USP V/VM as The USP V/VM these of the To as there the the to the using Universal the and then the to using the VLL function the the to the internal Universal the and then the the VLL function the the of the formatting and the to operation, the LVI/LUN and to and the USP V/VM as without reformatting. Reformatting the the USP V/VM and the If to the the the the VLL function. the of the formatting operation, the LVI/LUN and Platform V/VM
OPEN-V recommended because, OPEN-V the of and the performance. Also, other than OPEN-V existing mapped. Choosing of of the information the the the the of One The the of the and the to cross-subsystem LDEV to the SSID subsystem ID) users cross-subsystem and the other to the the the found the Discovery to the internal allowed to to each or to specify LDEV to each LDEV. You the such as type to Discovery and Discovery Discovery and Discovery the to and when or when cross-subsystem paths. Discovery to search and information about of the connected from of the The information about the of the Universal when Discovery. About Operations Platform V/VM Universal
connected to USP V/VM and LU Universal LU), required. LU LU that commands issued The LU or that The LU information from that and therefore the LU as LU. or discovery, of the following operations the About Universal Operations You the whether to the Discovery or manually. If Discovery automatically, connected to the of the searched If Discovery manually, and the to search WWNs. If specify which to search reduce the the Discovery manually. Discovery to search and information about from the of the Discovery the Discovery process. the LU from the connected to USP V/VM. that least LU and LUN than the LUN of the LU. that the LU to the connected to USP V/VM. the security function and the of the LU to and write operations. If of the operations that LU might the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Mapped from Connected There of the from that connected the the the the existing the New the Mapped To from that connected to the the the as internal of the If the type the when the the of the becomes Normal. If to the of the the the VLL function. the formatting the LVI/LUN and If the type the when the the of the mapped becomes Format the the VLL function. To the I/O operations, the LU from the to the About Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal Select the type of the as required. If the type the (such as OPEN-V), to the If the type the (such as to the to the when that to the VLL function to the to to the instructions to and the to operation, the LVI/LUN and to the the LU the I/O operation to the becomes
Existing the Mapped About Operations where the the New the Mapped To the existing the from the that connected to the the from the that connected to the to the the the containing the as internal of the Universal the the of the as follows: type: OPEN-V You to the type to OPEN-V to the existing the mapped from the the LU from the to the to the I/O operation. the LU the I/O operation to the mapped initiated. Universal Platform V/VM Universal the and the LU from the the I/O.
the the Mapped About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal Notes: that the which mapped as internal from the that connected to the that the the function function) of the Once as internal the from the From the host, the that as the internal There restriction. the type to OPEN-V. where the the and the LU from the the I/O.
with other Products and Functions LUN and LUN LVI/LUN About Universal Operations You the USP V/VM products to and to the Universal the operations and each the respective If the type the as the to the LU the LUN the following the function: You to the LU the or LU You to the the or the The of the (CHA) group, and WWN the supported. through that the operation of the the following LUN (LUSE): The the and the combined to LUSE of to LUSE the the to the LUSE LUSE the the following LVI/LUN (VLL): If the type the as the to the or the to operation the VLL function the the formatting and the to operation the LVI/LUN and Universal Platform V/VM Universal
If the VLL function, the cache of the created become the as those of the the following The of the operation specified the the to If the the operation and the cache of as as the the operation. Performance the following Performance Performance to the information about the Mapped Migration. of Migration, Migration Operations and IBM Mapped and IBM of Operations and Universal IBM Mapped Universal and Universal IBM of Universal Operations and IBM Mapped and IBM of Operations Copy-on-Write Snapshot Mapped Copy-on-Write Snapshot. the following Copy-on-Write Snapshot: Both internal and the the About Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Provisioning SNMP About Universal Operations of Copy-on-Write Snapshot, Copy-on-Write Snapshot Operations Mapped Provisioning. the following Provisioning: Both internal and the the the following SNMP The information the displayed. The information the displayed. Platform V/VM Universal
of with Other Products the following USP V/VM products, the of the following subsections: Migration Operations Operations Universal Operations Operations Copy-on-Write Snapshot Operations Migration Operations the of the Migration operation. The as the and the internal as the Existing the migrated manually to the internal Migration. information the Migration operation, the Performance The the operation as follows: Universal to the as internal of the To the existing the the products of such as and the type of the mapped to OPEN-V the that the capacity as the the of the internal as using the LUSE function and VLL function. the LUSE function, the LUN the VLL function, the LVI/LUN and About Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the such as the of the as follows: type: OPEN-V To the existing the to the Migration, the type to OPEN-V as the The type OPEN-V to the existing the from the
About Universal Operations The type of the internal OPEN-V the as the and internal as the Migrate the existing the to the internal manually using Migration. Source the to the internal manually Migration. where the of the Migration Universal Platform V/VM
Operations the of the operation. The as the S-VOL of the and the the that connected as the (MCU) as the P-VOL of the the The the operation as follows: Universal to the as internal of the which as (RCU) the operation. If the type the when the the of the becomes Normal. the formatting automatically. If to the the the VLL function. If the type the when the the of the becomes Format the the VLL function. the which the already the the to using the VLL function to the the P-VOL and S-VOL of the About Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal You the type of the as If the type the (such as OPEN-V), to the If the type the (such as to the the formatting the LVI/LUN and to the the formatting and the to operation the LVI/LUN and to the
About Operations Copying the P-VOL of the that as MCU to the S-VOL of the that as RCU. The S-VOL MCU S-VOL P-VOL where the of the Operation Universal Platform V/VM Universal RCU RCU
Universal Operations shows the of the operation. The as the S-VOL of the Universal and the the that connected as the MCU as the P-VOL of the Universal Universal the The the operation as follows: Universal to the the as internal of the which as RCU the Universal operation. If the type the when the the of the becomes Normal. the formatting automatically. If to the the the VLL function. If the type the when the the of the becomes Format the the VLL function. the which the already the the to the VLL function to the the P-VOL and S-VOL of the About Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal You the type of the mapped as required. If the type the (such as OPEN-V), to the If the type the (such as to the the formatting the LVI/LUN and to the the formatting and the to operation the LVI/LUN and to the
About Operations Copying the P-VOL of the that connected as MCU to the S-VOL of the that as RCU. The S-VOL MCU Universal P-VOL where the of the Universal Operation Universal Platform V/VM RCU RCU S-VOL
Operations shows the of the operation. The as the S-VOL of the and the internal as the P-VOL of the the The the operation as follows: Universal to the as internal of the If the type the when the the of the becomes Normal. the formatting automatically. If to the the the VLL function. If the type the when the the of the mapped becomes Format the the VLL function. mapped the which the already the the to the VLL function to the the P-VOL and S-VOL of the About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal You the type of the as required. If the type the (such as OPEN-V), to the If the type the (such as to the the formatting the LVI/LUN and to the the formatting operation and the to operation the LVI/LUN and to the
About Universal Operations P-VOL Copying the P-VOL that internal of the to the S-VOL that where the of the Universal Platform V/VM Universal S-VOL
Copy-on-Write Snapshot Operations shows the of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot operation. The as of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot Copy-on-Write Snapshot, the Copy-on-Write Snapshot The the operation as follows: Universal to the as internal of the the type of the to OPEN-V when the the with the OPEN-V type as of Copy-on-Write Snapshot. The of the mapped becomes Normal. the formatting automatically. If to the the the VLL function. the formatting operation the LVI/LUN and and the to that as VOL. the P-VOL and S-VOL of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot with specifying the created the About Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal Copy-on-Write Snapshot the of the internal the that as P-VOL to the that as Copy-on-Write Snapshot P-VOL Copy-on-Write Snapshot S-VOL Creating Copy-on-Write Snapshot (S-VOL of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot where the of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot Copy-on-Write Snapshot
Universal Operations Operations This chapter the and Universal operations. Universal Operations and Uninstalling Universal Starting Universal Universal Platform V/VM Universal
The Universal USP V/VM other than the first USP V/VM (user-supplied Universal Supported as Supported that as the shown the following The includes information those referenced this and the Table as Universal Displayed as USP V. Platform Displayed Universal as USP VM. Platform VM Displayed Universal USP. Platform Network Displayed Universal as NSC. Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the and operations and this the first and operated as The of that as include the Lightning 9900V the 9500V the Lightning 9900C and other the instructions and the You the to operations. Universal information. You to Universal Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem
Universal Operations Displayed Universal as AMS. Workgroup Displayed Universal as WMS. Lightning 9900V Displayed Universal as 9970V and 9980V. 9500V Displayed Universal as 9500V. Lightning Lightning Universal as A/H-6593 Displayed as SANRISE Displayed as USP. Platform SANRISE Network Displayed Universal as NSC. SANRISE Displayed Universal as AMS. SANRISE Workgroup Displayed Universal as WMS. SANRISE 9900V Displayed as 9970V and 9980V. SANRISE 9500V Displayed as 9500V. SANRISE SANRISE displayed Universal as H24000 Displayed Universal as H20000 Displayed Universal as SANRISE H12000 Displayed as SANRISE H10000 Displayed Universal as SANRISE H1024/H128 Displayed Universal as and SANRISE H512/H48 Displayed as and Universal Platform V/VM Universal Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Lightning Universal as Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem SANRISE displayed as Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem
SANRISE H256 Displayed Universal as XP24000 Displayed Universal as XP20000 Displayed as XP12000 Displayed Universal as XP10000 Displayed as XP1024/XP128 Displayed Universal as and XP512/XP48 Displayed as and XP256 Displayed Universal as SVS200 Displayed Universal as SVS200. HP IBM the type of the the EMC the type of the the the type of the the NEC the type of the the Operations Platform V/VM Universal Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Path of the cross-subsystem Displayed Universal as EVA. Path of the cross-subsystem
Universal Universal Operations The following the Universal Item of the connected (WWN as of connected.. which connected of of TB of (about MB) when the type of the OPEN-V, the capacity becomes (about MB) of of which Universal Platform V/VM Universal connected If Copy-on-Write Snapshot or Provisioning, the of which connected as follows: of of If specify which than TB the the field to TB. You the that the field TB.
Operations This section the Universal operations. that host. that as internal If host, the and then the Once mapped, the If internal to which the that from the once the mapped. of as internal that ownership to USP V/VM the cross-subsystem to the the as path. Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal that the which as internal from the that connected to the that the which as internal function or other of the Hosts the that as the internal There Ownership right to that ownership If cross-subsystem to without ownership as path, the ownership and the performance.
Recommended Applications to the HDD Universal Operations and Table the recommended of the of to the HDD type of the Table the of the OPEN Application HDD FC SATA Transaction Processing (OLTP) Operation from (Both of and from Read) OK Recommended Archive OK Recommended Table the of the Application HDD FC SATA Processing (OLTP) (Journal, from TPF Not Supported from (Both of and from Read) OK Recommended Archive OK Recommended Universal Platform V/VM Universal Not Recommended Not Recommended OK Not Recommended OK OK Recommended Not Recommended Not Recommended Not Recommended OK Not Recommended OK OK
Capacity which the of TB or the with the of OPEN-V type, the as the internal that the capacity as the You the that the field the of the The capacity the type that specify the as with the of the type other than OPEN-V, the of and the of the the of the and the of each type. with the of type other than OPEN-V, the information to the This that the capacity that the becomes than the capacity. The as as the information Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal The TB or OPEN-V type of of TB or shows of the that the of the than the capacity of the type. The type OPEN-3. shows of the that the of the than the basic of the type. LDEV LU
Universal Operations VDEV LDEV LU GB to information (The than the of type as the Capacity than the Capacity of of the OPEN-3 type) VDEV LDEV LU GB to information the Capacity than the Capacity of If to the from the OS the with the of type), to the that consists of LDEV or to the capacity of the to If and of to these the read, write commands become timeout. the commands become timeout, the SIM reported. Universal Platform V/VM Universal OPEN-3
the from the OS, the MIH to seconds (which the recommended Attribute The the created become the The when the the VLL function. The becomes the the The that the originally the (such as the security, the LUN security, the attributes, and when the as internal If the to the the from the the which the to the the operation If the the operation and the the cache of as as the the operation. Creating LUSE of to LUSE The the to the LUSE of to LUSE to The mapped that cache to LUSE Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM If LUSE consists of and performance than the other the performance of the affects the performance of the LUSE which of LUSE of the LUSE the LUSE both and from host. or the of to the the the which of the LUSE
VMA of Performance and Operations If to which the (VMA) of to options the or to the VMA information. Please the to about to options Calling the If previously USP and the VMA of that the VMA when the of the the of the the If the the the The of which the of as follows: of which to the the of the of of the Reducing the capacity of the that the than when Universal that the when connected directly to the that the LU and that the of (such as The performance and of the the and performance of the If there heavy the the of the and becomes this the from the become MIH If the connected to the too to the the commands from the possibly Universal Platform V/VM Universal
the commands of the USP V/VM products to the and too issued to the the commands possibly and from the host, the Path Watch the If the Path Watch than the timeout of the command, the commands from the possibly when the supply off or when the If the I/O concern, that the Path Watch of the the as or shorter than the timeout of the command. RAID Considerations the internal processing, the RAID of the as RAID-1 the board. The displayed the The RAID of reported as RAID-1 when information about reported to the (OS). 9500V the 9500V as the following recommended. If 9500V whose earlier than the following the information about the SATA correctly. 9530V, 9520V, 9570V: or 9580V, 9585V: or Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the amount of from the to the the amount of that the the commands from the to the possibly the using the the the I/O amount of the the amount of from the products to the the amount of that the the commands from the products possibly and the the the the I/O amount of the
and Uninstalling Universal Universal Uninstalling Universal Operations This section to and Universal You to Universal the to the Universal operations the To the Universal the the the Universal options the and each instructions, the To Universal the and then the To Universal and the instructions, the the option the and each information about the the Platform V/VM Universal
Starting This section to Universal To Universal and the and the Click and then the of the Click the of the to Switch to necessary. Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal instructions, the of the that Universal operations the Universal and the selected displayed. instructions, the
the GUI the Universal GUI This chapter the Universal Universal the the Path and the the of the the switched to the Operation Path Universal Platform V/VM
Operation The to the operations, such as and cross-subsystem To the and then the of the The Operation consists of: Operation Tree of the or right of the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM The of the of and which to switch the of the The displayed the (right of the switch to the items selected the the to and the the VOL the
the Universal GUI The VOL when the because to the than other items the To the items the including the VOL the then and Refresh the of the Operation (right of the Information the and to the items selected the The the displayed items. instance, to the the of LDEV numbers, LDEV the The items clicked the tree and the information displayed the as follows: Table Tree Items Items displayed selected the tree the items Product Path Product Path Product Path of the The of the operation displayed. You the the clicking the button. right of the the and the which the of the The the to the Apply the the to the the successfully, they from the and the and the Operation displayed normally. Universal Platform V/VM Universal the Reference Information about the The displayed when the the tree. Information about the The when the the The of and subsystem which the selected group. or Product Clicked) Path Clicked)
Tree The tree tree the of the consisting of tree and which to switch the of the The tree consists of: Tree the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Universal the applied, the displayed and the and the To to the to the the the to switch the items the You from the as PCB type. The following items displayed tree The displayed the (right of the switch to the items this Table The of the tree which displayed. Product of the The of the whose mapped Universal below The Product Path group: The the displayed the of the the the "Path Group" Path Right-click the item the tree to the following operations from the
or Product Clicked) the GUI the Tree Items displayed Tree (clicked items Product Path the This allows to the Product Path Disconnect Paths Product Path or the the information the when or Product Clicked The consists of: The following items displayed: of the Product of the of the Universal Platform V/VM Universal the Cross-subsystem Paths or the These boxes allow to group, and to the group. Disconnects or the the selected The Discovery and the found the Discovery the following the command: the command:
Table of the Displayed the VOL Normal The The of the Click the to the of the path. Unknown The of the unknown. The Warning There whose the of the the Path Information Checking The of the The writing of the cache memory to the Connecting to the or the intentionally the command or the Disconnect command. Information Path Clicked) the the information and the cross-subsystem information the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Universal VOL of the to the or of the of the path. The displayed items shown the following To of each LDEV the to the VLL Displayed Item Information to the of the the displayed the information as follows: of the of that the of the of the and the of the that mapped. The that displayed.
the GUI when Path Clicked The consists of: The following items displayed: and assigned to each the group. This displayed the of of the group. The of the assigned when the mapped. LDEV LDKC:CU:LDEV which assigned to the created the the top LDEV displayed, and displayed the of the LDKC: CU: Unit Characteristic1 of the of the that reported to the the The displayed items the of the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Cross-subsystem Paths the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Universal Capacity of the whether the write from the to the or asynchronously that written the written asynchronously to the of the Inflow displays whether the writing to the cache memory or when the writing to the Path Indicates the cross-subsystem The displayed of the cross-subsystem as follows: the the only cross-subsystem with the highest path) to the I/O to the occurred the path, the with the highest used. the of the cross-subsystem that the The to the to the the VOL Info information about the the SATA of the AMS/WMS or the 9500V displayed. the operation of the SATA follow the of the AMS/WMS or 9500V VOL of the operation to the or of the of the path. the To of each LDEV the to the VLL Progress: displays when the The of to Characteristic2 of the This information the EVA The following items displayed: Priority Priority of the cross-subsystem the subsystem with the highest priority. The the to the WWN of the the Right-click the the top of the to the following operations from the
the GUI Path Information the Path Information This allows to to the of the to the selected LDEV Information the LDEV Information This allows to to the type and the of the selected the of the selected Disconnects the selected Paths Reconnects the selected the cache to the selected Inflow Allows to whether to writing to the memory when to write to the selected Right-click the Cross-subsystem Paths the of the to the following operations from the Table Cross-Subsystem Paths, Cross-Subsystem the Cross-subsystem Paths This Paths allows to and cross-subsystem and the of the selected cross-subsystem path. Platform V/VM Universal
The allows to or the that to the To the the the Path or the This the "the to these three The the displayed the of the Universal The the to the Apply the Universal the the to the the applied, the of the and the of the displayed normally. the Universal the the canceled. the the to the Apply the Universal displayed and the and the Universal To to the to the The displayed the the the type of occurred. this the of and the the GUI Platform V/VM Universal
the Universal GUI The consists of: The items the of the Universal displayed. The displayed the the items the of the The the displayed the of the Universal Information The information the the displayed the operation information Following information displayed: of the operation. of the of the The and to the Universal Right-click the to the following operations from the the of the selected the selected the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Path The Path Operation to or using subsystem To the Path Universal and then Path the of the Path The Path consists of: Path Tree of the or right of the the Universal GUI Platform V/VM The of the of and which to switch the of the The displayed the (right of the to the items selected the the to and the cross-subsystem the the Path
the Universal GUI The when the Path to the cross-subsystem than other items the To the items the including the the then and Refresh the of the (right of the Information the and displayed to the items selected the The the items. instance, to the the of numbers, the The items clicked the tree and the information the as follows: Table Path Tree Items selected Items the the tree items of the Cross-subsystem which to the selected of the Product of the WWN Product Cross-subsystem which WWN to the selected WWN of the of the The of the displayed. You the the clicking the button. right of the the and the which the of the Path The the to the Universal Platform V/VM Universal displayed the Reference The displayed when the WWN the The displayed when the the Path Operation Clicked) Path Operation or WWN Clicked) Path Product Clicked) Path or WWN Clicked)
Apply Path Tree The Path tree tree the of the Path consisting of tree and which to switch the of the tree. The Path tree consists of: Tree the GUI Universal Platform V/VM the the to the the successfully, they from the and the and the Path normally. the applied, the and the and the To to the to the the the to switch the items the Path You which to the information cross-subsystem from. the (WWNs) the The following items tree The displayed the (right of the to the items this from the the following items displayed the The of the Path tree which displayed. The of the which the to below One of the following displayed: the the Initiator/External MIX
Path Clicked) the Universal GUI from the the following items the Product of the The of the which connected as The Product WWN: The of the below the of the The Path tree that displayed. the Path Operation the information which to the displayed the Path when The Path consists of: The following items displayed: The of the One of the following displayed: the the Initiator/External MIX PLI_TOV: The seconds) of PLOGI to the when the switch connected. This Universal You the FLI_TOV: The seconds) from the switch to FLOGI when the switch connected. This Universal You the Platform V/VM
Table of the Cross-subsystem Path Displayed the Normal The cross-subsystem The of the cross-subsystem Click the Path to the of the cross-subsystem path. Unknown The of the cross-subsystem unknown. The cross-subsystem Connecting to the or the intentionally using the or the Disconnect command. There cross-subsystem whose the of the Warning cross-subsystem Checking The of the cross-subsystem Table the Path (when clicked) to the of the cross-subsystem which connected to the Paths selected of the Paths Allows to using the cross-subsystem which connected to the selected of the the Universal GUI Universal Platform V/VM Universal Margin: The seconds) to FLI_TOV (FLOGI or PLI_TOV (PLOGI This Universal You the the of FLI_TOV and the or the of PLI_TOV and the as of the cross-subsystem path. Table shows the Right-click the Path to the operations from the Displayed Item
Path Product Clicked) the Universal GUI the Path WWN which the the displayed the Path when Product Clicked The Path consists of: WWN The following items displayed: WWN WWN indicating the the that the completed. QDepth The of Read/Write commands which issued to the I/O TOV specified as the of the I/O to the Path Watch The from when the of the subsystem to the to when the of the cross-subsystem path. the displayed Right-click the Path to the following operations from the Table the Path (when Product clicked) Paths Allows to the of the cross-subsystem which connected to the selected of the Paths Allows to the of the cross-subsystem which connected to the selected of the WWN the WWN This allows to the the of the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Path or WWN Clicked) or WWN the Path cross-subsystem the Path Operation when or WWN Clicked The Path consists of: Cross-subsystem Paths the GUI Platform V/VM The following items displayed: the WWN WWN indicating the the of the Product of the of the of the cross-subsystem path. the or WWN the Path the Path that displayed.
Operation the Universal GUI The Operation to the of and the attributes. To the Universal and then the of the Operation The consists of: Tree of the The of the of and which to switch the of the The the (right of the to the items selected the (right of the Information the to the items selected the The the displayed items. to the the of numbers, the of the The of the operation displayed. You the the clicking the Universal Platform V/VM
right of the Apply Tree The tree tree the of the consisting of tree and which to switch the of the The Operation tree consists of: Tree the Universal GUI Universal Platform V/VM Universal the displayed and the which the of the The the to the the the to the the successfully, they from the and the and the displayed normally. the applied, the and the and the To to the to the the the to the items displayed the You from the as PCB type. The the the The displayed the (right of the switch to the items clicked this instance, when the the that to the Nothing displayed the when selected, when the The following displayed: the to the the The the The the High the as the the
the Universal GUI the as the IBM Universal Universal IBM and the RCU RCU the as the RCU IBM Universal Universal IBM and the Initiator/External Initiator/External the which the Initiator/External MIX the The tree that displayed. the items the Operation the the the The the items. instance, to the the of numbers, the The consists of: Information The following items displayed: One of the following the of each the the High the Initiator/External MIX The to the to the the which the Initiator/External MIX PCB The PCB of the displayed. High or MIX Initiator/External MIX displayed. The the High information the PCB the LUN Information The of the of displayed. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Table the Information to Allows to the selected to to Allows to the selected to the Universal GUI Universal Platform V/VM Right-click the Information to the following operations from the
Performing Operations Performing Universal Operations This chapter the using of Operations of Attribute Automatically Manually the Cross-subsystem Paths Checking the Turning On or the Disconnecting or Disconnecting Checking and the of Paths to the Paths) Restoring the Paths to the Paths) the of the the Inflow of the the of the Editing the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
of Operations The following the flow chart of the operations, which from host, the the the of the the the of the the Which type of the type the the or the LU to LUN Operations of from The outlined of the the from as follows. the the and the and the of the connecting the to the of Universal the to the internal Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the to the You or manually the of the following LVI/LUN (VLL). Format the the to
of Attribute The of the Universal to to the If the the that as the allocated to SLPR Performing Universal Operations the following to the type that If the type of to the or the to operation using LVI/LUN (VLL). the to the and the to operation, the LVI/LUN and If the type of to LU to using LUN the of LU the LUN This section the of of the information, to the the To the of the the topology information to the of the According to the the the Connecting to the the the LUN to the that To the to the and the that Right-click the that to to the Platform V/VM Universal
Click to the the the Click Apply the the information to the of the According to the the the Automatically the of the Universal to the to the as internal or manually. This section the Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM To to and right- the to the the of the selected to and the of the selected The to the and the normally. displayed. the the the switch connected, the to the switch connected, the to and FC-AL the to the of the information the topology information, the LUN AMS/WMS LUN to the of the which to other than the Also, the of the of the AMS/WMS to the to the of the
specify the LDKC when of which the type 3380-3A, 3B, 3380-3C. apply the the LDKC which assigned the whether Command Interface) using the command If there the Performing Universal Operations To the automatically: and the that Right-click of the following the Allows to and to the group. Path group: Allows to to the existing group. Click the and the the the the the Cross-subsystem Paths displayed. to the the the Discovery and the found the Discovery the to the cross-subsystem the Cross-subsystem Paths least cross-subsystem and the necessary. Click OK to the Cross-subsystem Paths You to the The Discovery and the found the Discovery mapped. The the the Click Apply the The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the Universal Platform V/VM
Manually the of the to the to the as internal specify the LDKC when of which the type 3380-3A, 3B, 3380-3C. the whether Command Interface) the command If there the To the manually: and the that Right-click of the following the Click the and the the cross-subsystem the Cross-subsystem Paths Click OK to the Cross-subsystem Paths Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal Allows to group, and to the Path group: Allows to to the existing group. the the the Cross-subsystem Paths displayed. to the the Operation the Discovery and the displayed. to the least cross-subsystem and the necessary. The Discovery and the found the Discovery the The displays of the which to the To these the or the LDEV as the following
the right-click the that to Performing Operations You to the to them the which the type. Click each the and the the the operations the following and then The command: Allows to the OK to the the LDKC:CU:LDEV to the the the OK to the The LDEV command: Allows to specify the LDEV to the first LDEV the The of to the LDEV The LDEV command: Allows to specify the LDEV to the the Both commands allow to the LDEV numbers. the the displayed. the the to the to and the that to the To the right-click the and the Click OK to the the SSID required, the SSID displayed. to the SSID the displayed. to the SSID Right-click LDEV which SSID specified, and then SSID the The SSID displayed. the SSID from the SSID and OK The selected displayed the SSID the SSID the to the that to SSID to and Platform V/VM
Click OK to the SSID the the Click Apply the The allows to the or LDEV which to the the The displayed when the the The displays the of the which to the If to the to the and the LDEV The which with To such the the which and the other from the the the the that to Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal You to the The displayed The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the
Performing Operations The consists of: Characteristic1: of the and its type of the LDEV: LDKC:CU:LDEV which assigned to the of of which actually created the SLPR/CLPR SLPR and CLPR to the This displayed when the cache memory displays whether the write from the to the or asynchronously Inflow displays the writing to the cache memory or when the writing operation to the Path the cross-subsystem to the the VOL Info: information about the Capacity of the Characteristic2: of the OK the and the the and the Right-click the to the following operations from the Table the the This allows to the LDEV the LDEV This allows to the LDEV to the first LDEV the LDEV the LDEV This allows to specify the LDEV to the the Allows to the from the Universal Platform V/VM
The allows to the The when right-click the the and the the The consists of: Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal of the connected You to the using from to displayed of the text the of the group. You the type of the from the If to the as to first the type the OPEN-V or other than OPEN-V. If to the as with the type other than OPEN-V, the OPEN-V clear the OPEN-V OPEN-V and displayed the the OPEN-V the the other than OPEN-V the
LDEV Operations of You the of which created the when the The of that created the to the the type specified the The of which actually created the the of the this the the write from the or asynchronously to the that written the written asynchronously to the of the If the of Inflow Inflow the writing to the cache memory or when the writing operation to the CLPR the cache memory using CLPR to the from the The of SLPR to which the selected CLPR displayed the right of the when the type the selected CLPR that to SLPR OK the and the the and the The LDEV allows to the LDEV to the first LDEV the If specify the LDEV to the first LDEV, the LDEV assigned the of Universal Platform V/VM
LDEV The LDEV consists of: SLPR LDKC CU Performing Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal To the CU the CU to the CU which to the SLPR, the To the CU the CU without restriction, the the selected. You the LDKC of the to which to the You the CU of the to which to the the SLPR the selection to CU which to the SLPR. You the of the LDKC:CU:LDEV each The LDEV to each LDEV with the that specified this
LDEV Performing Operations LDEV LDEV allows to the LDEV to each LDEV clicking Each the LDEV internal the LDEV the of the LDEV and the of the LDEV Select the internal the LDEV the selected to and the LDEV which the to the LDEV. The internal and to white. OK the and the the and the This that displayed. The LDEV allows to the LDEV to the the LDEV Platform V/VM Universal
The LDEV consists of: Other items as the LDEV SSID The SSID allows to the SSID to the the The USP V/VM assigns SSID which each of LDEV If the that created SSID, to assign the SSID The SSID displayed the operation when the SSID required. Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal The of the which specified the displayed. LDKC:CU:LDEV You the LDKC:CU:LDEV with the LDEV assigning the LDEV You LDEV to each LDEV or to once. The LDKC:CU:LDEV shows the LDKC numbers, CU numbers, and LDEV of the as internal that the as internal To LDEV to LDEV, or whose LDEV the LDKC:CU:LDEV and the LDEV or the LDKC:CU:LDEV the other to match the of that previously selected the LDKC:CU:LDEV of that This that displayed.
Performing Operations SSID The SSID consists of: SLPR the using the SLPR If the SLPR and the SLPR the SLPR only the that the selected SLPR the SSID If the SLPR the SSID from the of the selected SLPR LDEV Boundary The of the selected displayed. SSID The allocated to each LDEV displayed. If SSID displayed. OK the and the the and the Right-click the SSID to the SSID the The SSID command allows to the SSID to the selected LDEV. the SSID the following displayed. Platform V/VM Universal
to Automatically instance, which the type, and each To assign the with with to four that created: Select the and right-click them the and then the LDEV the the LDEV and as follows: Click OK Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal SSID SSID (0004-FFFE) Select the SSID from the SSID You the SSID from to If selected the SLPR the SSID only the that SLPR selected the SSID displayed the If selected the SLPR the SSID of the displayed the of the selected SLPR. The LDEV displayed. LDKC: CU: LDEV Select the the and LDEV assigned as follows: the first LDEV: the LDEV: the third LDEV: the fourth LDEV: the displays the LDEV assigned the first LDEV of each this and the
to Manually Performing Universal Operations This shows to that the type, and each To assign the to four that created: Select the and right-click them the and then the LDEV the The LDEV displayed. Click the LDEV to which to assign LDEV the LDKC:CU:LDEV the of the LDEV Select the LDKC and the CU to the specified LDEV from the the right of the LDEV Click the of the LDEV the LDEV the right of the LDEV The selected and the assigned LDEV displayed the LDKC:CU:LDEV the to the the LDKC:CU:LDEV through Click OK The specified assigned to the the displays the LDEV assigned the first LDEV of each Universal Platform V/VM Universal
You assign LDEV to this To assign LDEV to and specify the LDEV and You necessary. the Cross-subsystem Paths You to the cross-subsystem from the internal to the using the as internal You the cross-subsystem when the as the internal You or the subsystem the operation completed. To the cross-subsystem the Cross-subsystem Paths Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal of LDEV
You the cross-subsystem to cross-subsystem them operation. To the cross-subsystem with subsystem to than operations and least cross-subsystem when the first operation. Cross-subsystem Paths Performing Operations The Cross-subsystem Paths allows to cross-subsystem This displayed when to the command or the command. You this clicking the Cross-subsystem Paths the You the priority, and the cross-subsystem the Cross-subsystem Paths The Operation displays the which the the Cross-subsystem Paths displays the to the without the To the the Discovery the right of the Cross-subsystem Paths Universal Platform V/VM
The Cross-subsystem Paths consists of: Paths of the Discovery right of the Performing Operations Platform V/VM The following three displayed from the The displays the connected to the Product of the The displays of the which to the that clicked the One of the following displayed each of the One of the following displayed: the the Initiator/External MIX The right displays WWN of the that the to The WWN which to the that clicked the displayed of the WWN of the which the WWN of the the to information displayed the Paths or the information the connected to the without the Discovery the Discovery displayed. Discovery
Cross-subsystem Path Performing Universal Operations The Discovery displays the of the the the the of the connected to the clicked searched and that the Paths the subsystem Paths updated. Selected Paths of the The cross-subsystem that the Paths displayed. Priority Priority of the cross-subsystem to the the with the highest priority. of the that the to WWN WWN of the that the to OK the and the the and the Right-click the Cross-subsystem Paths to the following operations from the the Cross-Subsystem Paths Right-clicked WWN the Allows to cross-subsystem Paths Selected Paths Allows to the selected cross-subsystem path. to the of the selected Priority subsystem path. Allows to the of the selected Priority subsystem path. You the cross-subsystem using the subsystem Paths This section the to cross-subsystem to existing group. To and cross-subsystem paths, to the operation. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
To the cross-subsystem to existing group: and the that Click the that to cross-subsystem the Right-click the cross-subsystem Cross-subsystem Paths the Click Cross-subsystem Paths the the Paths the following three items, and then right- the WWN the WWN WWN Click the WWN of the which the of the cross-subsystem path. Click the Click OK to the Cross-subsystem Paths the the Click Apply the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal The Cross-subsystem Paths displayed. Click the Click the of the which the of the cross-subsystem path. the or the WWN that to choose the the information clicking the Discovery selecting the which to the WWN, and then clicking OK The cross-subsystem to the Selected Paths with the selected information. than cross-subsystem group. the or subsystem necessary. You to the The and The to the and the normally. displayed. the the
the Cross-subsystem Path Priority Performing Universal Operations of Cross-subsystem Paths To the cross-subsystem priority, the Priority and the Priority command displayed the Cross- subsystem Paths The following of to the cross-subsystem to the currently the of the cross-subsystem path: and the that Click the to which the cross-subsystem the Right-click the cross-subsystem Cross-subsystem Paths the Click Cross-subsystem Paths the The Cross-subsystem Paths displayed. Right-click the cross-subsystem that to the of the Selected Paths the Cross-subsystem Paths Click Priority the The of the selected switches with the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
the operation of the Priority the of the selected displayed the head of the Selected Paths and its Priority to Click OK to the Cross-subsystem Paths the the Click Apply the Canceling the Cross-subsystem Path You the of the cross-subsystem using the Cross-subsystem Paths To the cross-subsystem and the that Click the to which the cross-subsystem path the Right-click the cross-subsystem Cross-subsystem Paths the Click Cross-subsystem Paths the the Cross-subsystem Paths right-click the subsystem that to the the Selected Paths Click the Click OK to the Cross-subsystem Paths the the Click Apply the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the Priority to the cross-subsystem as the path). You to the The displayed and The to the and the Operation normally. displayed. the the The of the selected cross-subsystem canceled, and the cross-subsystem from the Cross-subsystem Paths You to the The displayed and The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the
the Cross-subsystem Path the Cross-subsystem Paths with subsystem Paths Performing Universal Operations To the cross-subsystem path, the cross-subsystem path, and another cross-subsystem as cross-subsystem path. This section to the cross-subsystem to cross-subsystem with shows the of the and the of the subsystem the cross-subsystem (A and B) and cross-subsystem (C and D), both the cross-subsystem (A and B) least which normally to this to the cross-subsystem and the cross-subsystem C, and then apply the that, to the subsystem and the cross-subsystem D. C C C C C where Cross-subsystem whose Normal Cross-subsystem whose cross-subsystem of to the Current subsystem Paths with Cross-subsystem Paths Universal Platform V/VM Universal the Paths the cross-subsystem A. the cross-subsystem A, the cross-subsystem C, and then apply the the Paths the cross-subsystem B. the cross-subsystem B, the cross-subsystem D, and then apply the
To the cross-subsystem (A and B) with cross-subsystem (C and D): the Paths command the cross-subsystem A. the which the cross-subsystem and the which the cross-subsystem C the of the cross-subsystem A, and the subsystem C. Click Apply to apply the of the cross-subsystem and C. the of the cross-subsystem C Normal. the Disconnect Paths the cross-subsystem B. the which the cross-subsystem and the which the cross-subsystem the of the cross-subsystem B, and the subsystem D. Click Apply to apply the of the cross-subsystem and D. the of the cross-subsystem Normal. Checking the You the the the LDEV Information and the the the Path Information To the and the Operation Click the the Right-click the that to the Click the following the the the Click to the displayed Performing Universal Operations Platform V/VM At this the cross-subsystem and C as the following to the cross-subsystem and the cross-subsystem D. LDEV information the LDEV Information Path Information the Path Information You to the
LDEV Information Performing Universal Operations The LDEV Information displays the information the created the displays LDEV information. LDEV Information The LDEV Information consists of: LDKC:CU:LDEV The LDKC:CU:LDEV of the created the The type of the when mapped. Capacity Capacity of the displayed. the type of the the the the type of the the the displayed the LDEV Information The LDEV Information that displayed. Platform V/VM Universal
Path Information The Path Information displays the information the which the internal and the Path Information The Path Information consists of: of the Paths the Path Information Normal The The of the Click the to the of the path. Unknown The of the unknown. Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Priority Priority of the path. the with the highest priority. The the connecting to the WWN of the the LUN LU to the of the path. and the terms that the Path Information the Path Information The Path Information that displayed. Displayed Item
Performing Universal Operations Displayed Item The The of the the or the another LDEV The of the of the reduced (the capacity reduced). Not ready The from the NOT READY. The from the ILLEGAL REQUEST. Command The from the ABORTED COMMAND. aborted The the BUSY LDEV The the The the of reply. The of the to the Unknown The of the unknown. The or the of the found. The occurred. there contradiction. Timeout The however, the The of the by. The I/O. such as the Checking The of the to the or the intentionally the or the Disconnect command. The from the The to the connected Once the becomes the to the that the the the of the becomes Normal. Backoff The from the Backoff. The of the recovery temporary occurred the of the the of the becomes this the to the immediately. the recovery, the becomes Normal. If the recovered from the the to the other Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Turning On or the This section the to or off the supply of the and the the Universal started. This section includes the following and as Commands Turning On or the Turning On or the Turning On or the Turning On or Both or off the supply of to the commands to off both the and the first off the and then off the to both the and the first to the and then the Commands Turning On or the or off the supply of while the supply of the to the following Universal commands. The commands the as follows: Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal The command should when the or the executed, the of the I/O to the that as the internal Then the that should to the written to the from the cache memory of the the
Turning On or the Performing Universal Operations to the of the the command. If to the individually, first to the command and then the command. Paths The Paths the information about the mapped and the match. If the as the as the of the the to the and the as The Paths to the which to the I/O the command or the command, as the mapped The Paths both the whole and the If the path, firstly the the to the and then the Paths command. the Paths and the ready to as the the to the and the as mapped the ready to restored, the To off the supply of the (to off the or write I/O to the that as internal and the that to off. the the that to off. The I/O to the and the the cache memory written the the other operations that turning off the there Turn off the supply of the Universal Platform V/VM Universal
the command, to the the Paths command. To the of the to from the turned off Turn the that the which as internal the Paths of the the turned off the the from the as the It to the Paths to the The Paths the information and the of the as internal If the ready to as the to the and the as Turning On or the To off the supply of the (to off Stop the or write I/O to the that mapped as internal other operations that turning off the there Turn off the supply of the Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM off the supply of the the which the the cache memory written the the
Turn the supply of the Turning On or Both Turn off the supply of the Turn off the supply of the Performing Universal Operations To the supply of the to from the turned off Turn the that the which as internal the turned off the Disconnect the from the as the It to the Paths to the The Paths the information and the of the as internal match. If the ready to as the to the and using the as the or the and the the cache memory written to the the information VOL the becomes Disconnect This section to or off the supply of the and and as To off the supply of both the or write I/O to the and write with should operation). the operation, the that the supply of the completely off and then to the that the supply of the completely off. Universal Platform V/VM
To the supply of both Turn the supply of the that the supply of the completely and then to the Turn the supply of the that the supply of the completely and then to the operations). the or write I/O to the Disconnecting or Disconnecting The Disconnect and the allow to the You to the the supply off of the or the or the the Disconnect or the command, the of the I/O to the and the the memory written the the The of the though the disconnected the or the command. Therefore, using the as mapped with the though once the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the operation, the and write with should started.
Performing Universal Operations The following operations that Table Operations Disconnecting If Used this to the from the The Stop the to the and the from the host. operation. The includes the that as the of the products*. The includes the that to Copy-on-Write Snapshot as The includes the that to Provisioning as The includes the which the of Migration The products includes IBM Universal Universal IBM IBM and Copy-on-Write Snapshot. Universal Platform V/VM This Stop the to the and from the host. The to the specified forcibly when from the the without when the PSUE or when the IBM the of the Copy-on-Write Snapshot to PAIR. the following operations the Provisioning that associated with to which the Stop the of the Provisioning Block the Provisioning the VLL function the
The the and the command as follows: the command or the Disconnect command, the Refresh the or the command executed, the information VOL the becomes there the cache memory, the as the of the or the Disconnect completed. the or the command and the the cache memory written to the the information VOL the becomes Disconnecting (Disconnect To the the once: and the that Right-click the that to the Click the the the Click Apply the If to the the command, to the Paths command. Disconnecting To and the that Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the to the information, and the The and The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the
Checking and Universal Operations Click the the Right-click the that to the Operation Click the The and the the Click Apply the The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the If to the the Disconnect command, to the Paths command. You operation the Paths the following The Paths to to the disconnected using the command or the command. the the cross-subsystem the the of to this the Paths command. If the of the though the Paths executed, the to the as Troubleshooting Then the Paths to the the the Paths command the which the the and the of the and the match the The and other checked. If the as as of the processing, the to the I/O operation. Universal Platform V/VM
the Paths command, the To refresh the displayed information, the the right of the and and Refresh the of the Paths To the the once: and the that Right-click the that to the Operation Click Paths the the the Click Apply the Paths To and the that Click the the Right-click the that to the Click Paths the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the Paths and the ready to as the the to the and using the as the ready to resumed, the of the as The displayed and The VOL the to Checking the checking of completed, and the resumed, the VOL to Normal If the resumed, the VOL to
the of Paths to the Paths) You the Disconnect Paths to the of the cross-subsystem path. when to of the cross-subsystem paths, the specified cross-subsystem while the connected to the To the of the cross-subsystem which the Paths command, the Paths command. The Disconnect Paths command the of the cross-subsystem to the You to that cross-subsystem to the other than the cross-subsystem which to the Paths command. Performing Universal Operations The and the the Click Apply the The VOL the to Checking the of completed, and the resumed, the VOL to Normal If the resumed, the VOL to To the of the to the and the Path that Select of the following from the the Path the the Select to the of the cross-subsystem connected to the specified the the the Select to the of the cross-subsystem to the specified the Click or the the Path Right-click the or WWN that to the of the Path Click Paths the The and Universal Platform V/VM
the the Click Apply the Path Restoring the Paths to the Paths) You the Paths to using the cross-subsystem which the Paths command. The to that restored. To the to the and the Path that Select of the following from the the Path Click or the the Path Right-click the or WWN that to the Path Click Paths the the the Click Apply the Path Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM The to the and the Path displayed normally. displayed. the the the the Select to the subsystem to the specified the the the Select to the cross-subsystem connected to the specified the The and The to the and the Path normally. displayed. the the
the of the Performing Universal Operations You the of the the To the cache of the right- the the the and then or that written the written asynchronously to the of the the following the cache of the Whether the as which of LUSE as which of LUSE the should which LUSE Whether the of the the cache from to To the cache to the or the cache to the Whether the to to as the cache should the the the Whether the command the the cache from to To the cache of the and the that Click the the Right-click the that to the Click the and or the The displayed and the the Click Apply the The to the and the displayed normally. displayed. the the Platform V/VM
the Inflow of the You the inflow of the the To the inflow of the right-click the the Inflow the and then or To the inflow of the and the that Click the the Right-click the that to the Click Inflow the and or the the the Click Apply the the of the You the of the of the the Path the of the the WWN If the the as the I/O, I/O TOV within seconds. the match the to the recommended of the To the of the and the Path that from the the Path Click the the Path Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal The and The to the and the Operation normally. displayed. the the
WWN Performing Universal Operations Right-click the WWN that to the the Path Click WWN the The WWN displayed. the of the selected the WWN Click OK to the WWN You to the Path The selected items displayed and the the Click Apply the Path The to the and the Path displayed normally. displayed. the the WWN The WWN consists of: QDepth The of Read/Write commands which issued to the The that from to The I/O TOV specified as the of the I/O to the The that to second). The Path Watch The from when the of the to the to when the The commands from the the this passed. the this passed, the becomes The that from to (seconds). The Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Editing You choose when as internal the commands. This section to the To the and the that Right-click the Click the Click the the the Click to the The allows to the The consists of: The of the selected displayed. Performing Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM The displayed. The and then the displayed. The type of the To type other than OPEN-V, the OPEN-V and the type from the
the Performing Operations CLPR CLPR to the when the cache memory SLPR SLPR that the selected CLPR when the type the selected CLPR that to SLPR displays the write I/O from the or to the Inflow the writing operation to the cache memory or when the writing to the of of to created the Discovery of displays whether to search the WWN connected to the or to search the WWN connected to the which specify If Discovery the Cross-subsystem Paths displayed. the The that displayed. You the operation of the from the To the of the the command the displayed the Though the of internal and the command, the You the internal the following the Whether the of Command Interface) that using the or If the of that using the the Whether the or the executed. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Whether the as which LUSE Whether LU Whether the to the Universal or Copy-on-Write Snapshot Whether the as or Migration. Whether the as To the and the that Click the the tree. Right-click the that to the Click the the the Click Apply the Operation the Disconnect operation displayed, already the Disconnect command or the command. Click the Disconnect command or the command Performing Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal the the memory written the using the or the command. as which LUSE the LU to the the the to the Universal or Copy-on-Write Snapshot the the as the or Migration, the the as the The and If click the to the and the where the from the
If to the without writing the the cache memory the displayed. Click OK to the without writing the the cache memory the Click to the operation. OK the to the and the where the from the OK the however, the the cache memory that written to the guaranteed. displayed. the the The of the this the of the first, and then the operation. Performing Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal
Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Spreadsheets Universal Operations Spreadsheets Operations To to spreadsheets instead of the graphical interface (GUI). when to the spreadsheets shortens the to when using the GUI. You the spreadsheets directly to the the interface (CLI). The following the when spreadsheets: To the To the using CLI the spreadsheets occurred the spreadsheets Apply the Work Flow Spreadsheets Platform V/VM Universal spreadsheets
This chapter the operation that surrounded the thick information about the other operations, the Spreadsheets and Information of Spreadsheet Spreadsheets to spreadsheets. CLI the when operations spreadsheets. Spreadsheets written the below. operation and written spreadsheet. that should to products or operations. The following shows should write these Table of Spreadsheet and and Information and the and operation the types. The that write the spreadsheet the operation The following shows the relationship types, and Universal Spreadsheets Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Information SSID Spreadsheets Universal Operations Table Relationship the and SSID ExternalGroup The only other that products spreadsheet. operation the information about the each the following You write spreadsheet of the templates and then the information about the location of the the You the information specifying spreadsheet when the CFLGET the CLI. The information each The the and the of the write the SSID spreadsheet and the CFLGET command, the SSID information Specify the GET_ALL the SSID as shown below. specifying this the information about the that the [SSID] GET_ALL,; The following shows the information that when the SSID written spreadsheet. Universal Platform V/VM Template
Table Information when the SSID Spreadsheet the SSID written, the information about internal as as ExternalGroup write the ExternalGroup spreadsheet and the CFLGET command, the information about Specify the GET_ALL the ExternalGroup as shown below. specifying this the information about the to the [ExternalGroup] GET_ALL,; The following shows the information that when the ExternalGroup written spreadsheet. Information when the ExternalGroup Spreadsheet write the spreadsheet and the CFLGET command, the information about the Specify the GET_ALL the as shown below. specifying this the information about the the GET_ALL,; The following shows the information that when the written spreadsheet. Spreadsheets Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal Item LDKC:CU:LDEV-LDEV The of LDEV to which the SSID assigned. SSID SSID. Item and its
Spreadsheets Operations Table Information when the Spreadsheet The first Information about the of the Product of the C of the The Information about the PathGroup Path C and its Characteristic1 of the of the that reported to the the Attribute Normal: This to InflowControl Inflow to PathMode The cross-subsystem the Capacity Capacity of the This Characteristic2 of the The third Information about the cross-subsystem C of the WWN WWN of the LUN LU of the Universal Platform V/VM Item R-CMD: This command to Inflow to The cross-subsystem the
You to the specifying spreadsheet that includes the when the CFLSET command the CLI. the written hierarchical the The following shows the and of the that the Table and of Spreadsheets Universal Operations Platform V/VM Universal The first Information about and the The Information about each path. to specified. It recommended that specify least path. The third Information about each LDEV. to specified. If the third created. This required.
Spreadsheets Universal Operations The following shows the that the of The first Information about and the path. PathGroup Path to or of the path. 1A to GR or C WWN WWN of the path. to FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF LUN LU to the to 0FFF or and its The should VPG E16384-4096). Attribute Normal: CLPR CLPR that to the to or type of the the characters as the type shown Table B-2. cache to InflowCon inflow to The Information about Specify the the of N/A N/A of the path. 1A to GR or Platform V/VM Universal R-CMD: cache to inflow to to VPG to Normal R-CMD N/A characters or ASCII of Characters or VPG or N/A N/A N/A
The third Information about to created Spreadsheets Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal of C WWN WWN of the path. to FFFFFFFF FFFFFFFF N/A N/A C LDKC LDKC to or CU CU to FE or LDEV LDEV Specify the LDEV that assigned to LDEV specified other the LDEV already assigned to group. the LVI/LUN To whether the LDEV assigned to or the LDEV of the Information You the of the LDEV and the the LDEV the to FF or of Characters
Spreadsheets Universal Operations of Capacity Capacity of the LDEV SSID SSID assigned to the of the LDEV numbers. Universal Platform V/VM Universal the type OPEN-V, the the of and the type other than OPEN-V, specify of the following: If the of the than the LDEV capacity, specify the capacity. If the capacity of the or than the LDEV capacity, specify the that subtracting the information from the of the this LDEV created the Also, that the of the than or to the that the of the of the the and the information capacity. the each type, Capacity Each Specify the SSID written the that using the SSID LDEV that SSID, SSID that written this SSID, the LVI/LUN to or to FFFE or of Characters
of Spreadsheet This section shows of spreadsheet that the following as follows: cross-subsystem as follows: of as follows: as follows: The of spreadsheet as follows: 1,1A,60060E8004F81370,0001,E16384-4095,Normal,00,OPEN-V,Enable,Disable,; +,1B,60060E8004F81371,; Spreadsheets Universal Operations Universal Platform V/VM Universal the to which as LUN that through the path. E16384-4095 The the 1A WWN the 60060E8004F81370 The the 1B WWN the 60060E8004F81371 type: OPEN-V Inflow CLPR: of LDEV LDEV capacity:
Remote Command Command Devices This chapter of Remote Command Devices Remote Command Devices Command as Remote Command or Universal with Remote Command Platform V/VM Universal
of Command Devices the to which the mapped. the CCI commands to the these CCI commands to the command of the to the CCI the shows The OPEN that connected to the the CCI commands of or to the and this that the commands to the the to the or the the information about CCI and the command the Command Interface and Reference of Remote Command Remote Command Devices Universal Platform V/VM Universal CCI Connected Connected Mapped as Remote Command Remote Command Remote Command CCI commands showing the of Connected
Command Devices Remote Command Devices Notices command as follows: You command as when of the following connected as Universal Platform Universal Platform VM Platform Network Workgroup Lightning 9900V 9500V SANRISE Platform SANRISE Network SANRISE SANRISE Workgroup SANRISE9900V SANRISE9500V H24000 H20000 SANRISE H12000 SANRISE H10000 SANRISE H1024/H128 XP24000 XP20000 XP12000 XP10000 XP1024/XP128 You the Universal to as Platform V/VM Universal
The displayed the the as follows: If the from OPEN host, the information that the command about the which as of the Remote Command Platform V/VM Universal Displayed Information Remote Command Displayed Information Universal Platform Platform VM Universal Platform Network Lightning 9900V SANRISE Platform SANRISE Network SANRISE9900V H24000 H20000 SANRISE H12000 SANRISE H10000 SANRISE H1024/H128 XP24000 XP20000 XP12000 XP10000 XP1024/XP128 Workgroup 9500V SANRISE SANRISE Workgroup SANRISE9500V The information about the that to the the command includes the followings: The that reported to the as the the of the the that reported to the host, Table Format: "-CM" OPEN-V-CM, OPEN-3-CM DF600F-CM
Remote Command Devices the of the when the operations or commands the If though the of the the of the command of the the There following as Table Restrictions Remote Command Item Restriction type OPEN-V of (about MB) TB The command the Discovery or Discovery of (A) (B) (that when another (C) to this (A)), that the command (B) the LUN the the (A). You to the You the the You the security the the security the the that as You LUSE You CVs using the VLL function the the command Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Command as Remote Command The that as displayed the of the as shown Table To that and follow the or Universal with Command to or Universal with of which or Universal and the the Initiator/External MIX to as both or and the the Initiator/External MIX to and of the You the Initiator/External MIX the that consists of the and shows the and Initiator/External MIX the to the to the both and the Initiator/External MIX to and or Universal and information the and the Initiator/External MIX the LUN Remote Command Devices Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Command CL1-A CL3-A the CL1-A MIX CL3-A [1-A MIX the Initiator/External MIX of of Initiator/External MIX and Initiator/External MIX shows of or Universal with The as MCU of or and the as the of the command the as RCU of or and the functions as the of the this the of or Universal and of the both the of the Initiator/External MIX this shows, to to of the that to the Initiator/External MIX this that to to each of attributes. Platform V/VM Universal CL5-A CL7-A CL5-A MIX CL7-A [5-A MIX
of or Universal with Remote Command Procedure to Initiator/External MIX This section the to the Initiator/External MIX and the to the Initiator/External MIX To the Initiator/External MIX the of the and of the the Initiator/External MIX to the consisting of the of the and of the Remote Command Platform V/VM Universal CCI MCU RCU P-VOL S-VOL Remote command Command showing the of to the to initiator, the or the Universal LAN of Initiator/External MIX or Universal CCI RCU
the as the command Restrictions Initiator/External MIX Remote Command to the Initiator/External MIX the LUN the to the and to as MCU and and to as RCU and the when the operation the of the Initiator/External MIX the operation of or and operation of the using the of the Initiator/External MIX To the Initiator/External MIX Stop the and of and the the of the command the of the from the Initiator/External MIX to the to the of the the LUN The the Initiator/External MIX as follows: The the High the Initiator/External MIX the the High the LUN The You the Initiator/External MIX the of the that already to the You the the of the Initiator/External MIX that already to the command You to the of the and then the of the of the Initiator/External MIX the of the the operation and mapped. Other neither the the of the Initiator/External MIX Universal Platform V/VM
Command Devices Universal Platform V/VM
Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting information Troubleshooting Calling the Universal Platform V/VM Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting If with the or software, the troubleshooting information. Table troubleshooting instructions Universal operations. If to the Calling the instructions. Table Troubleshooting Universal The the The as of the The to the The that the reaction the Path Information Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Universal Corrective Action the and the operation. The reason the as follows: The switch off. occurred the switch. The properly connected. the and the specified already the the occurred. The the The of the The topology information properly the and the operation. The reason the as follows: The of the the There enough LDKC:CU:LDEV The factors the first of The to the the factor of this the factors of the first the and the operation. the the following If the following and the restored, the Confirm that the the and the connected properly. the the and the connected properly, once and seconds, the from The following the the that the the Path Information and the reactions them. The connecting each as Connecting Connecting of and of recovery and then corrective
Troubleshooting Corrective Action The as follows: Unknown The of the unknown. The LDEV The of the capacity of the reduced (the reduced). Not ready The of the NOTREADY. The of the or the of the formatted. The of the ILLEGALREQUEST. The to the of the The protection the of the Command The of the aborted ABORTEDCOMMAND. occurred the The the BUSY LDEV The the You allowed to the of the from the Universal Platform V/VM Reaction The of the identified. Please the Reaction The of the or or other factor. the of the If the path, the The of the the or the another Reaction: The of the to the and the that the information about the Reaction: the capacity of the of the the operation, and then the operation. Reaction: The to the the of the If the path, the Reaction: The of the the of the If the path, the Reaction: The of the the of the and the of the switches) to the If the path, the Reaction: The of the the of the and the the the too the or If the path, the Reaction: the the of the
The the caused the You to the of the protection the of the The of the to the Unknown The of the unknown. The occurred. there Timeout The the however, the timeout. such as the of the found the of the Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Universal Corrective Action Reaction: The of the the and of the If the path, the Reaction: the of the to the If the path, the Reaction: The of the Check the of the switches) to the If the path, the The or the of the found. There with to the The following The physically connected the The of the topology match the and the the security the the of the from the If the connected through switches, the the switches Reaction: the of the to the If the path, the Reaction: the Reaction: The of the the of the switches) to the If the path, the Reaction: the of the of the If the path, the
Troubleshooting Corrective Action The of the The to the connected Once the becomes the to the that the the the of the becomes Normal. Backoff The of the Backoff. The of the recovery temporary occurred the of the the of the becomes this the to the immediately. the recovery, the becomes Normal. The the found the Discovery or the Discovery the and the operation. The reason the as follows: the of the and the of the connected. security the The the the Normal connected to the to of the The enough than about MB The the switch connected The the switch appropriately. If of the to the factor, the the and the once and seconds, the operation. The the and the operation. The reason the as follows: the connected). The of to Read/ The The Paths command and than the of the from Checking Click Refresh displayed. If the as Checking though updated the information, the Paths If the the Universal Platform V/VM Universal Reaction: If the properly, the of the If the path, the Reaction: If the recovered from the the to another to the the If the path, the the while the
The or the command executed, the information updated. The of INTERVENTION REQUIRED issued to the as the The of DEVICE ERROR issued to the as the Calling the If to the to as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of displayed the The of The information the FD The service information including reference and severity displayed The hours/day, If technical please United States: the United States: Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Corrective Action Click Refresh displayed. If the information about the though updated the information, the The the writing of from the cache to the processing) the capacity the than the The about MB/s. the the performance and the of the The currently Please while, and then the the of the completed normally, the immediately. If the as of the the "The the corrective action. the "The Table the corrective action. command the while the
Connecting AMS/WMS Connecting AMS/WMS AMS or WMS LUN to the of the which to other than the Also, the of the of the AMS/WMS to the to the of the Connecting A-1 The below whether to when the AMS and WMS Table A-1 (AMS/WMS) Attribute Specify this when AMS/WMS the Active Specify this when AMS/WMS the Shutdown You this or specifying this You specify this or specifying this ID this as HITACHI and Product ID this as DF600F and ROM You specify this or specifying this Platform V/VM Universal
Option You specify this or specifying this this to You specify or other Relationship and AMS/WMS the AMS or WMS, the from the the the The following the relationship displayed the and the A-2 Relationship and AMS/WMS AMS WMS XXXXXX WMS numbers, or character. A-2 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Universal RAM You this or specifying this Option You specify this or specifying this the Specify this to of occurred. WEB You specify this or specifying this and this to ON. Displayed 77XXXXXX AMS XXXXXX AMS XXXXXX AMS HISUP OFF
Relationship WWN of and (AMS/WMS) WWNs, or character. The the the Connecting A-3 the AMS or WMS, the or from the WWN of the The following the relationship WWN of and A-3 Relationship WWN of and (AMS/WMS) WWN of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX AMS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX WMS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX AMS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX AMS XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Platform V/VM Universal
Path and of Recovery Procedure (AMS/WMS) This section that recovery operation the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the A-4 Path and of Recovery Procedure (AMS/WMS) or There with to the The A-4 Connecting Platform V/VM Universal Path of Recovery Procedure of the LU LUN the of the LU If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. Universal to the LU operation and the LU operation The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The as the as of or other If the as the protected because of the the protected, the or the The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The physically connected the The of the match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly LUN If security security LUN
9500V Connecting 9500V Connecting A-5 The below whether to specify when the 9500V Table A-5 (9500V) Attribute Specify this when 9500V the Active Specify this when 9500V the specify this You this or Common Shutdown specifying this OPTION SCSI Common You this or specifying this OPTION SCSI Common You specify this or specifying this the Specify this to of occurred. Command Specify this ON. this as HITACHI ID and Product ID this as DF600F and ROM You this or specifying this RAM You specify this or specifying this WEB You specify this or specifying this You specify this or specifying this (Process) You specify this or specifying this Platform V/VM Universal to that used.
Option this to HISUP the 9500V as the following recommended. If 9500V whose earlier than the following the information about the SATA correctly. 9530V, 9520V, 9570V: or 9580V, 9585V: or Relationship and 9500V the 9500V the from the the the The following the relationship the displayed the and the Table A-6 Relationship and 9500V D600 XXXX 9570V, 9520V D60J XXXX 9530V D60H XXXX 9580V, 9585V numbers, or character. Relationship WWN of and the 9500V the or from the WWN of the A-6 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Universal LIP You specify this or specifying this RS232C Information You this or Outflow specifying this and this to ON. Displayed other
Connecting A-7 The following the relationship WWN of and A-7 Relationship WWN of and (9500V) WWN of XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 9570V 9530V 9520V XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX 9580V 9585V XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX WWNs, "X" or character. The the the Platform V/VM Universal XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Path and of Recovery Procedure (9500V) This section that recovery operation the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the A-8 Path and of Recovery Procedure (9500V) of the LU LUN the of the LU If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. to the LU and the LU or There with to the The A-8 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Path of Recovery Procedure The of the LDEV Guard. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The as the as of or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the The of the LDEV Guard. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The physically connected the The of the topology match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly using LUN The security LUN the or If the the security.
USP V/VM Path and of Recovery Procedure (USP V/VM) Connecting A-9 USP V/VM as the to the to the the 0C: 2C: Also, the the or the RCU This section that recovery the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the Table A-9 Path and of Recovery Procedure (USP V/VM) Path of Recovery Procedure of the LU LUN the of the LU paths. If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. Universal to the and the operation The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The as Check the as of Universal or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the or The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection. There with to the The The physically connected the The of the match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly LUN The LUN security LUN the LUN security or If the LUN security the LUN security. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
USP/NSC USP or NSC as the to the to the the 0C: 2C: Also, the the or the RCU the Option of TB Used (USP/NSC) If which the of than 2TB, as option If which the capacity of than 2TB, as to the option, the LUN of USP or NSC Path and of Recovery Procedure (USP/NSC) This section that recovery the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the A-10 Path and of Recovery Procedure (USP/NSC) of the LU LUN the of the LU If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. Universal to the LU operation and the LU or A-10 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Universal Path of Recovery Procedure The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection. The as the as of or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the The of the Utility. the of the If the protected the release the protection.
Lightning 9900V Path and of Recovery Procedure (9900V) Connecting A-11 Path of Recovery Procedure There with to the The The physically connected the The of the topology match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly LUN The LUN security LUN the LUN security or If the LUN security the LUN security. Lightning 9900V as the to the to the the 0C: 2C: Also, the the or the RCU This section that recovery operation the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the Table A-11 Path and of Recovery Procedure (9900V) Path of Recovery Procedure of the LU LUN the of the LU If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. to the LU operation and the LU operation The of the LDEV Guard. the of the If the protected the release the protection. or The as the as of or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the The of the LDEV Guard. the of the If the protected the release the protection. Universal Platform V/VM Universal
There with to the The Lightning Lightning as the to the of the to PC (0C). Also, the the or the RCU Path and of Recovery Procedure This section that recovery the when the the the following to recover the If the path, the Calling the A-12 Path and of Recovery Procedure of the LU LUN the of the LU paths. If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. Universal to the LU and the LU operation or A-12 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Path of Recovery Procedure The physically connected the The of the topology match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly using LUN The LUN security LUN the LUN security or If the LUN security the of the LUN security. Path of Recovery Procedure The as the as of or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the
SVS200 If the that the SVS200 the SVS200 as the XP12000 If the connected to as the SVS200 the of the that the SVS200 (which the XX XX or higher). If earlier that the SVS200 to the of the SVS the of and then the to the that the SVS200 Connecting A-13 Path of Recovery Procedure There with to the The The physically connected the The of the topology match the and the If the through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly LUN The LUN security LUN the LUN security or If the LUN security the of the LUN security. SVS200 as the to the to the the 0C: 2C: Also, the the or the RCU Universal Platform V/VM Universal
Path and of Recovery Procedure (SVS200) This section that recovery operation the when the the the following to recover the path If the path, the Calling the Table A-13 Path and of Recovery Procedure (SVS200) of the LU LUN the of the LU If the of the LU the back to the when the mapped. to the LU operation and the LU or There with to the The A-14 Connecting Platform V/VM Universal Path of Recovery Procedure The of the LUN Security XP the of the If the protected the release the protection. The as the as of Copy XP, Access XP, Access XP Journal, or other If the as the protected of the the protected, the or the The of the LUN Security XP the of the If the protected the release the protection. The physically connected the The of the match the and the If the connected through switches, the the switches that the connected properly, and then the properly using LUN The LUN security LUN the LUN security or If the LUN security the LUN security.
EVA Connecting EVA of EVA Characteristic Connecting A-15 EVA as the of the EVA to the following the that the following to the of the EVA and the the A-14 Connecting EVA OS the connected EVA displayed as Characteristic the Universal If search the specifying the WWN indicating the EVA the such as A-1, the LUN and LUN found each of HostGroup-1 and HostGroup-2. this that the such as LUN and LUN found as the that connected from EVA A, which LUN and LUN to HostGroup-1 or HostGroup-2 Characteristic the such as A-1, the to Characteristic the Universal The first characters of Characteristic the World LUN that found the EVA You the of the EVA this World LUN Platform V/VM Universal
A-1 which Characteristic A-16 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM Universal Switch HostGroup-1 EVA HostGroup-2 EVA EVA World LUN LUN World LUN LUN World LUN LUN World LUN LUN
of Path when EVA Connected Connecting as the of the to the following the that the following to the of the and the the Connecting A-17 EVA connected, the of the the of the EVA If the type EVA3000/5000, the of the the EVA of the or and the EVA of the earlier If to the of the EVA whether the of the as of the If the of the the operation of Universal to release the of the EVA actually the to the EVA the of the Table A-15 Connecting SUN Universal Platform V/VM
Connecting as the of the to the following the that the following to the of the and the the A-16 Connecting type Non-clustered (DMP Support) Connecting as the of the to the following the that the following to the of the and the the Table A-17 Connecting type 2K Clustered DMP Cross-Subsystem Paths Connecting V2X2 V2X2 as that cross-subsystem when A-18 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM
Connecting EMC CX600 Connecting IBM DS4000 Connecting A-19 EMC CX600 as the of the EMC CX600 to the following the that the following to the of the EMC CX600 and the the connecting Table A-18 Connecting EMC CX600 IBM DS4000 as the of the IBM DS4000 to the following the that the following to the of the IBM DS4000 and the the connecting A-19 Connecting IBM DS4000 type connected to clusters the DS4000 Generally, when non-Hitachi as the the non-Hitachi as attached to host. The third-party should as the technical to accomplish this. Platform V/VM Universal
A-20 Connecting Universal Platform V/VM
to Capacity Capacity each B-1 Capacity Each as internal to specify the type the The of the specified type. The the LDEV to the of the the and the information the information. The capacity of the capacity) and the of the information information capacity) the type. The capacity of Custom-sized (CV) capacity) the type. information about the LDEV capacity each type, B-2. You the LDEV LDEV capacity) each type using the following LDEV information If the capacity of the than this LDEV capacity, the type specified. You the LDEV each type the following LDEV information Platform V/VM Universal
the capacity of the than the LDEV of the type, Custom-sized (CV) created the as the the of the than the LDEV of the type, the each of which the LDEV capacity. the OPEN-V type 4TB of the the LDEV created when the mapped. If the VLL function, the CVs the as the as they the OPEN-L type, the VLL function to the OPEN-L type. the of the than the of the specified type, of used. Table B-1 shows the capacity of the of each type. information about the each type, Table B-3. Table B-1 Capacity of OPEN-V TB OPEN type other than 767.99GB OPEN-V type 767.99GB type 927.99GB B-1 shows the relationship of the LDEV capacity, LDEV capacity, capacity, capacity, and information capacity. B-2 shows to the the of the OPEN-3 B-2 Capacity each Platform V/VM Universal Capacity of
Capacity each B-3 LDEV LDEV Capacity Capacity Capacity Capacity B-1 of LDEV Capacity Mapped of Mapped (LBA) (Blocks) (LBA) B-2 of to the Capacity the of OPEN-3) Universal Platform V/VM Information Capacity (LBA) the of the and this with OPEN-3 type, of the used, because the of the OPEN-3 of the becomes the free the of of capacity that with the OPEN-3 type The free the VLL function. (LBA)
Capacity Each This section the LDEV and each type the of and The of from the following formulas. The capacity, the capacity, and information each type the Table B-2. the OPEN-L type, CVs created. Therefore, the and capacity OPEN-L type the the OPEN-V type, the capacity there of the capacity. The LDEV capacity, the LDEV capacity, the capacity, and the of that the with the B-3. the OPEN-L type, the LDEV and the LDEV capacity the CVs created. the OPEN-V type, the LDEV there of the LDEV capacity. Table B-2 LDEV Capacity Information Emulation 3380-3A 3380-3B 3380-3C 3380-K 3380-KA 3380-KB 3380-KC 3390-3A 3390-3B 3390-3C 3390-3R 3390-9A B-4 Capacity each Universal Platform V/VM Universal Capacity Capacity Information Capacity
Capacity each B-5 Capacity 3390-9B 3390-9C 3390-L 3390-LA 3390-LB 3390-LC 3390-M 3390-MA 3390-MB 3390-MC OPEN-3 OPEN-8 OPEN-9 OPEN-E OPEN-L OPEN-V Table B-3 Capacity Information LDEV Capacity LDEV 3380-3A 3380-3B 3380-3C 3380-K 3380-KA 3380-KB 3380-KC Platform V/VM Universal Capacity Information Capacity Capacity Capacity of of
3390-3A 3390-3B 3390-3C 3390-3R 3390-9A 3390-9B 3390-9C 3390-L 3390-LA 3390-LB 3390-LC 3390-M 3390-MA 3390-MB 3390-MC OPEN-3 OPEN-8 OPEN-9 OPEN-E OPEN-L OPEN-V B-6 Capacity each Universal Platform V/VM LDEV Capacity LDEV Capacity Capacity of of
Capacity each B-7 This to the of when with capacity mapped. Universal Platform V/VM
B-8 Capacity each Universal Platform V/VM Universal
C C-1 the of S-VOL the as that of P-VOL. To to to the of This section the to the capacity. copying from (when to as P-VOL) A, B, and C the following C-1. To the of the USP V/VM to the (A) as (B) of the that the type of the OPEN-V. Select the USP V/VM (C) which the as the (B), or which the than the (B). The type of the (C) to OPEN-V. If the USP V/VM (C) which the capacity than the (B), the CV that the as the (B) of the USP V/VM (C) using the VLL function. the VLL function, the LVI/LUN and Universal Platform V/VM
Notes: the CV that the as the (B) the VLL function, the capacity of CV to the that displayed the Capacity the LDEV Information of C-1 Copying from as P-VOL) copying to (when to as S-VOL) A, B, and C the following C-2. To the capacity of the to the (A) as internal (B) of the the type as as that of the (C). C-2 Platform V/VM Universal If to with of Lightning 9900V or Lightning 9900C to CV that the capacity as the (B) the VLL function allow to the this Mapped (B) Select that the as (B), or that the than the (B). CV that the as the (B), selected (C) that than the (B). Copy Destination (C)
C-3 the of the internal (B) where the mapped. If the of the (B) as the (C), the VLL function to CV that the capacity as the (C) of the (B). (A) Copy Source Mapped (B) C-2 Copying to as S-VOL) Universal Platform V/VM CV that the as the (C) the VLL function.
C-4 Universal Platform V/VM
and Acronyms-1 and AMS ATA Advanced CHA CV ESCON (IBM FICON GB Capacity HDD IBM International KB Capacity LDEV LDKC LU LUN MB Convention Capacity MCU MIH OEM OLTR PB Capacity PC PCB board P-VOL RCU SATA ATA SIM service information Universal Platform V/VM Universal
SSID subsystem ID SVP service SVS S-VOL secondary TB Capacity USP Universal Platform VDEV VLL LVI/LUN VMA VOL WWN World Acronyms-2 and Platform V/VM Universal