Universal Platform Universal Platform VM Performance Performance and Priority AST IND INKS Product MK-96RD617-08
Universal Platform V/VM Performance Copyright Corporation, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Notice: of this or transmitted or or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or or without the written of Corporation to as the right to to this without and responsibility its and services only the and of of the features this currently to the or office information and This the information the of publication. and/or information becomes this and distributed to users. the and and service of The of Provisioning, and or of other or or or service of and to or services of their respective owners.
This and instructions the following Performance software operations the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM (USP V/VM) Performance Priority (henceforth, to as SPM Please this to to this and reference This includes the following information: Product Revision Source this Revision this Revision Referenced Convention Capacity Notice: The of Performance software and other products the of with Platform V/VM Performance
This and Authorized Service who and operating the Universal Platform and VM This the following: The user background and RAID and their basic The with the Platform and/or VM and the Universal Platform V/VM and Reference The user with the software the Platform V/VM and the The with the operating and software the hosting the Platform V/VM software. There of users Universal Platform V/VM: and The functions this the type. the the user types, the Product This to Universal Platform V/VM and higher. Revision MK-96RD617-P February Release MK-96RD617-00 Initial Release, and MK-96RD617-P MK-96RD617-01 Revision and MK-96RD617-00 MK-96RD617-02 July Revision and MK-96RD617-01 MK-96RD617-03 Revision and MK-96RD617-02 MK-96RD617-04 November Revision and MK-96RD617-03 MK-96RD617-05 Revision and MK-96RD617-04 MK-96RD617-06 March Revision and MK-96RD617-05 Universal Platform V/VM Performance Revision
Source this Revision This Revision Revision MK-96RD617-07 March Revision and MK-96RD617-06 MK-96RD617-08 Revision and MK-96RD617-07 throughout this to Migration throughout this concerning the CU as the section of The following of the and of this Click the chapter title the to to that chapter. The first of each chapter to the sections that chapter. Chapter Chapter of the performance software products that allow Performance to and performance. Chapter About_Performance_Manager _Operations Chapter Performance Operations the the of the Performance Performance GUI Chapter Performance Performance operations. Operations Chapter Priority Priority operations. Chapter the using the Troubleshooting troubleshooting information Performance Priority and and Abbreviations the and this the topics this alphabetical Universal Platform V/VM Performance of Performance operations. the Performance operations.
Referenced Universal Platform V/VM: Compatible Mirroring IBM FlashCopy MK-96RD614 Copy-on-Write Snapshot MK-96RD607 Provisioning MK-96RD641 LUN MK-96RD615 IBM MK-96RD619 MK-96RD618 MK-96RD613 MK-96RD621 IBM MK-96RD623 MK-96RD622 Universal IBM MK-96RD625 Universal MK-96RD624 MK-96RD629 The terms Platform V and Platform VM to of the Platform and VM otherwise noted. This the following typographic Indicates text other than the title, including options, buttons, and Click OK Indicates which text the user or Indicates text that or the Indicates which text the or pairdisplay <group> Indicates optional that choose or nothing. Indicates or expected that choose or Platform V/VM Performance to to
Capacity Convention Indicates that choice or options or Indicates the This the following to to information: to and/or information. helpful information, or effectively. Warns the user of and/or operations). WARNING Warns the user of and/or operations). Physical capacity) based the following KB MB GB TB PB capacity capacity) based the following KB MB GB TB PB Platform V/VM Performance that choose or that choose or
If to the please as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of displayed the The of The USP V/VM information the FD the The service information including reference and severity displayed The hours/day, If technical please United States: the United States: Please this to include the title, and revision. Please to section(s) and whenever Technical M/S Ranch CA Thank become the property of Corporation.) Universal Platform V/VM Performance
of Performance of Performance The Platform and Platform VM to as USP V/VM) includes of performance software products that allow to and performance. The Performance includes the following: Performance Priority Restrictions The Migration function this Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Performance statistics about physical or other Performance statistics about and and the The Performance displays that the or traffic. You information the and and I/O If performance information the to the Performance specify the to Therefore, subsystem the performance statistics and performance statistics other This the of CUs match the of CUs Performance To correctly performance statistics of and LUSE as follows: to the as the Specify the LUSE as the of Performance Platform V/VM Performance
Priority of Performance Priority the to high-priority with relatively higher throughput. Priority from suffering lowered performance. of Priority the performance from Migration Effective of HDD Load-Balanced HDD to subsystem performance Performance and the performance process. information Migration, the Calling the Platform V/VM Performance Performance of performance performance Performance of performance bottleneck I/O Priority I./O to to I/O.
Performance Flow of Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance Migration YES NO to Priority hosts? YES NO Performance and Performance to gather statistics. Turn or Short off performance, YES required? YES NO Performance
This chapter of performance operations. About Performance About Performance Operations of Performance of Priority of with Other Products Platform V/VM Performance
To to Performance The USP V/VM The Performance (At Performance required. Priority optional). WWW connected to the USP V/VM LAN. To Performance the WWW to to the SVP. the which to the WWW You Performance operations the about WWW computers, the If Performance Priority Performance operations (Performance and Priority the of of This memory. It therefore recommended that the to release memory when conducting performance operations. About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
of Performance Statistical About Performance Performance and statistics about the following: and If Performance the of the Performance the of IBM and Universal IBM The displayed the as those displayed the of each function. The to information the Performance spreadsheet or software to the information about the of Performance of collecting and statistics: and The of the and the statistics which they as follows: If the of CUs to or Performance collects statistics user-specified that and and them and If the of CUs to or Performance collects statistics user-specified that or and them hours and the statistics that Performance collected and Performance collects statistics and them months The statistics about the collected and with of the statistics about collected Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Performance the statistics within the of the You of the to the statistics the and of Performance statistics, information related to Migration, displayed the to the the collecting Performance statistics about the displayed both and they both statistics about the information using Migration, the Calling the about statistics that and the of Performance Performance about the relationship and the of the statistics, Parity Statistics of that the of the USP V/VM the physical capacity. The USP V/VM three of as follows: RAID-1 RAID-5 RAID-6 If the shows high should and Migration to the high- to the If the shows that balanced, Migration to from high-usage to information using Migration, the Calling the to statistics about Statistics Parity About Performance Platform V/VM Performance RAID-1 consists of of RAID-5 consists of four or One of these as RAID-6 consists of of these as
Statistics Statistics About Performance Performance displays the and including and access, of each (LDEV) group. The the and access) of the physical of each LDEV, the of physical the group. If the shows high should cache). If the shows that balanced, Migration to high-usage to higher HDD and/or to lower-usage The to the characteristics of and the RAID and/or HDD type the information Migration, the Calling the to statistics about Statistics Parity If the USP V/VM connected to Universal Performance the to the the as the USP V/VM the the These Universal Performance the group, information. However, Performance as The information that about from that of group. to about Statistics Platform V/VM Performance
Statistics existing that mapped to the USP V/VM Universal Performance and the The information that from that of typical to about Statistics Statistics (CHP), which (CHA), commands and and the cache. that commands and If shows high CHP should CHAs. If shows that CHP balanced, should that overloaded to with lower-usage CHPs to to statistics about and Statistics Processors. Statistics (DKP), which (DKA), the cache and the If shows high DKP should and/or and then using Migration to the high-write-usage writes) to the If the shows that DKP balanced, Migration to from high-usage to information using Migration, the Calling the from to another, the following to to the from which to About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
About Performance The information the apply to the USP VM USP VM of DKA. If using USP VM and to know rates of the of each to statistics about and Statistics Processors. the of each to whose than the that to It recommended from higher-usage to lower-usage Table USP Rate High USP DKA1AU DKP40-1AU DKP41-1AU DKP42-1AU DKP43-1AU DKA-1BU DKP50-1BU DKP51-1BU DKP52-1BU DKP53-1BU DKA-AL DKP44-1AL DKP45-1AL DKP46-1AL DKP47-1AL DKA-BL DKP54-1BL DKP55-1BL DKP56-1BL DKP57-1BL DKA-1LU DKP60-1LU DKP61-1LU DKP62-1LU DKP63-1LU DKA-1KU DKP70-1KU DKP71-1KU DKP72-1KU DKP73-1KU DKA-1LL DKP64-1LL DKP65-1LL DKP66-1LL DKP67-1LL Platform V/VM Performance Migrate from with the following IDs to another group: 1-X 3-X 11-X Migrate from with the following IDs to another group: 2-X 4-X 12-X from with the following IDs to another group: 5-X 13-X from with the following IDs to another group: 6-X 14-X Migrate from with the following IDs to another group: 7-X 15-X from with the following IDs to another group: 8-X 16-X Migrate from with the following IDs to another group: 9-X 17-X
USP DKA-1KL DKP74-1KL DKA-2MU DKPC0-2MU DKA-2NU DKPD0-2NU DKA-2ML DKPC4-2ML DKA-2NL DKPD4-2NL DKA-2XU DKPE0-2XU DKA-2WU DKPF0-2WU DKA-2XL DKPE4-2XL DKA-2WL DKPF4-2WL The "X" 1-X" such as and About Performance Platform V/VM Performance DKP75-1KL DKP76-1KL DKP77-1KL DKPC1-2MU DKPC2-2MU DKPC3-2MU DKPD1-2NU DKPD2-2NU DKPD3-2NU DKPC5-2ML DKPC6-2ML DKPC7-2ML DKPD5-2NL DKPD6-2NL DKPD7-2NL DKPE1-2XU DKPE2-2XU DKPE3-2XU DKPF1-2WU DKPF2-2WU DKPF3-2WU DKPE5-2XL DKPE6-2XL DKPE7-2XL DKPF5-2WL DKPF6-2WL DKPF7-2WL from with the following IDs to another group: 10-X 18-X from with the following IDs to another group: 1-X 3-X 11-X from with the following IDs to another group: 2-X 4-X 12-X from with the following IDs to another group: 5-X 13-X from with the following IDs to another group: 6-X 14-X Migrate from with the following IDs to another 7-X 15-X Migrate from with the following to another group: 8-X 16-X from with the following IDs to another group: 9-X 17-X from with the following IDs to another group: 10-X 18-X
DRR Statistics Rate and Memory Statistics About Performance Migration DKP and performance which DKP slightly or which DRR relatively high. Migration with of high or DKP information Migration, the Calling the recovery and reconstruction (DRR) (located the that to RAID-5 or RAID- The DRR the parity" to parity. If the shows high DRR this high write Please about high write If the shows that DRR balanced, should relocating Migration to DRR within the information using Migration, the Calling the to statistics Statistics Recovery and Reconstruction Processors. The write the ratio of write-pending to the cache memory capacity. The Performance displays the and the write the specified of the displays the and the statistics about the cache memory the specified of the that the write or the statistics of the cache memory within that to the write and the statistics about the cache memory, and Memory Statistics. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Access Path Statistics through which and commands within and the memory. the cache memory and and the cache switch (CSW) to the cache memory. commands, the commands to the memory (SM). The of the shared memory Access Paths Performance and displays the the following Paths and the cache switch Paths and the cache switch Paths the cache switch and the cache memory Paths and the memory Paths and the memory to statistics about Statistics Access Paths. About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance CHA CHA CHA CHA cache memory cache switch CSW DKA DKA DKA DKA memory CHA DKA
Workload Statistics About Performance If or heavily accessed, performance might Performance statistics about and to If Performance the of the and the Performance displays indicating that the I/O You to statistics that such statistics from the The of statistics hours to and that the collecting and the of CUs to specified the the of statistics, Workload information displayed Performance as follows: I/O The I/O to the second. If the I/O high, the might of and the might The the of to the second. If the high, the might of and the might The ratio I/O, when the already cache, the operation classified as from to and the already the cache memory three of the ratio that higher ratio higher because and the cache memory. The write ratio write I/O, when the already cache, the classified as write write from to and the write already the cache memory three of the write ratio that higher write ratio higher and the cache memory. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
from the items Performance displays information about to statistics about Drives. Traffic Statistics Performance and to statistics about I/O rates and rates these If these I/O rates and which of I/O to the and which of to the to statistics about Ports. You to statistics that such statistics from the The of statistics hours to and that the collecting specified the the of statistics, Statistical Performance statistics about traffics of connected to only. The statistics about traffics of connected to obtained. LU Paths Statistics Performance LU to statistics about I/O rates and rates these LU If these I/O rates and LU though which of I/O to the You the LU through which of to the to statistics about LU paths, LU Paths. You to statistics that such statistics from the The of statistics hours to and that the collecting specified the the of statistics, Statistical The statistics reported LU LU LU. I/O the of LU LU. the LU LU. the LU LU. About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Traffic HBAs and of Priority Performance of High-Priority Hosts About Performance (HBAs) contained hosts. HBAs, which as hosts, connected to the If Priority Performance statistics about HBAs and The statistics reveals the of I/O that from and reveals the of and to statistics about HBAs, HBA Information. Statistics of hours or to and the collecting specified. Statistics that from the the of statistics, Statistical Priority used, I/O operations from high performance higher I/O operations from other hosts. SAN the connected with of of the often high performance others might as high performance. high performance. Production which include and to of business organizations. If lowered performance, productivity business to this reason, the to performance of higher business organizations often include as as testing and business applications. If lowered performance, would to However, performance would as to the as performance. this should higher Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Priority allows to the of from to the Priority allows to the of that should the and the Production reduced Production performance higher Throughout this the to to of performance of low-priority to high-priority higher to higher when the of from greatly increases from to and performance of should free from when Priority function threshold If threshold used, when and the to threshold that the which threshold of second) to the from the the I/O the of second) when the of from the below IO/s. If the of from the increases and IO/s, to the of from the The threshold to the I/O (the of second) or the (the of second). threshold of MB/s second) to the I/O when the amount of the and the below MB/s. About Performance Platform V/VM Performance
of About Performance The to statistics) that the Performance to text The to operations IBM Universal and Universal IBM If to text the You the spreadsheet or software to the of text spreadsheet software: rates Notes this the four of heading (such as and LUN. the heading CL1-A.00(1A-G00).0001 the CL1-A the ID the 1A-G00 and the LUN If about the CSV headings the about to headings. To about the or the Either of these about of Text Platform V/VM Performance Indicates that the subsystem The parentheses that the subsystem type. Indicates that the from to March that Indicates If the that Performance to the reason. information, to the troubleshooting information this
Notes: the text usually ZIP- archive To to the ZIP to the text Text CSV which spreadsheet to CSV instances of the If instances, the SVP overloaded and timeout About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
with Other Products Performance About Performance the following while Performance If the type of ID the functions If the the might off the If the off while the off. the Performance information about the while the off. Therefore, the immediately might the Physical You to statistics that obtained the three months and the short-range You to statistics that these such statistics from the I/O and the become heavy, the higher to I/O than processing, therefore, of might that frequently, the Gathering option the to the and Short-range and of the LDEV and WWN the hours to the specified gathering If the obtained, the from the and to that Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the WWN the Priority types. If the user type of user ID Priority the when Performance as About Performance Platform V/VM Performance If I/O and the become heavy, the higher to I/O than processing, therefore, of might that the Gathering option the to the and The statistics of of included the statistics of of this reason, the displayed LDEV To and HBAs and and Priority of the Performance might displayed It that the statistics of that item collected. If the SVP overloaded, than the gathering might the of this of the that the gathering this the the Performance and the the (including the the the of to This when as as when the SVP to operations the DKC. Switch to the SVP might to Performance of items. or CUs to the SVP might to Performance of items. the replaced, the service releases the SVP from Therefore, displayed temporarily.
About Performance I/O rates and rates. Priority based I/O rates and rates measured Performance Performance I/O rates and rates every second, and the I/O and the every gathering and regularly. that specified as the gathering and the I/O the 1-A as Graph Performance to the I/O 1A, the the the I/O every to Graph If the the Performance the displays the and I/O rates Priority and thresholds to the I/O or the every gathering which the gathering of to the 1A, the highest the CL1-A Graph and the Graph somewhere around IO/s. It that the and Graph might the I/O IOPS Graph I/O measured every I/O IOPS Graph I/O Performance The selected Indicating using Priority write I/O issued from of Universal Platform V/VM Performance CL1-A I/O IOPS CL1-A Graph I/O Performance The selected
using the the IBM Universal and Universal IBM Priority write I/O issued from of the statistics of Initiator/External The and of subsystem Priority Although or Non-Prioritize to and Priority the and the become the that threshold of whether the of the or If the from Initiator/External the Priority instantly and the to threshold or About Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance If specify RCU as I/O from the of threshold If specify RCU as I/O from the of The statistics of and that indicated the LUN of Performance of statistics that Priority The statistics of and Non-Prio. include the statistics of Initiator/External the statistics of Initiator/External and based to the statistics of Initiator/External and
Performance Operations This chapter the performance operations. Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance
To Performance USP V/VM Performance software Priority optional, Performance required) as connected to USP V/VM LAN. To Performance the to to the SVP the which downloaded to the You then Performance operations the summary of the Performance operations the which to WWW WWW to the USP V/VM LAN. WWW the Performance operations (Performance and Priority the of amounts of This memory. It therefore recommended that the to release memory when conducting Performance operations. to Performance and Priority the Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Performance Operations If user ID of the type, Performance and the Performance Priority to This section the of Performance and the The Performance which when as shown Table the of Performance displayed when as Table (Performance function Physical the Performance The tree and the information the SLPR to the ID. The Migration displayed. Therefore, the Migration. information Migration, the Calling the LDEV the Performance The tree and the information the SLPR to the user ID. the Performance The tree and only the information the SLPR to the ID. The SPM displayed. Therefore, the Priority WWN the Performance The WWN displayed. The the traffics and TC UR These displayed. The the information about operations IBM Universal and IBM The displayed. The or or the gathering Universal Platform V/VM Performance
The WWN displayed. The tree and the information the SLPR to the ID. Performance displayed You as Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance The TC UR and the displayed. The SPM and the Migration displayed.
Performance Operations The which when as as follows: the about SLPR to the ID the subcommand with specifying the PPCG or PPCGWWN to the about SPM or the to these SPM the following One SPM which to One connected to which The about operations IBM Universal and IBM exported. the to or or the gathering Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance
the Performance GUI This chapter performance the Performance GUI the Performance the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the Performance This chapter Performance and operations. This chapter the following each of Performance the and and operations about and statistics such as If the type of ID the functions Performance Performance the following Performance This section the of the the Performance and the of the the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance This displays the about the performance collected Performance You the information to selecting each the The information displayed selecting each as follows: Physical the statistics about the LDEV the statistics about the statistics about and LU the WWN the statistics about and
Performance Physical the Performance GUI Performance and then Performance the of the Performance and the Performance active. The Performance includes the Physical which rates when to other than USP V/VM) to the internal the Physical of the and the of to this the Physical of the Performance the Physical active, the Performance the following items: Switch Performance the that the monitored). Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Gathering the of collecting statistics the of the CUs to or and and shortrange selected as the of statistics, the and the Physical the statistics every or CUs monitored, the statistics or From the the right of of statistics to the shortrange or the of statistics that should the the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance The gathering to If as the of statistics, the and the statistics obtained every of the of Gathering the of statistics and Statistical of Statistics (Physical The of statistics the of (statistics collected that displayed. You specify of within the selected to the statistics to the and the Performance The selecting shortrange and and Short-Range Starting and collecting statistics displayed both of the Performance the these and the within this as the of and to statistics within the of July to July to the From to the To and then Apply To and From and To of the following: the to the or to the right. the text the that to Next, the or arrow
Notes: the Performance GUI specify and From and To Performance the of the specified and displays the length. The of the displayed when and it displayed when shortrange From and To the (that statistics) the The option when the Physical active. the the the right the type of statistics to displayed the the Physical active, the The tree items such as (CHAs). The tree the following items. below the Parity or or displayed below the CHA The and of that the right of the displayed below the DKA (DKP) recovery and reconstruction (DRR) displayed below the Access Path displayed below the displayed below the Parity or IDs of or The the of ID that the group. The the right of existing and to the USP V/VM Universal of together and that information, group. Performance as Platform V/VM Performance ESCON FICON High Initiator/External MIX
The displays statistics about The displays the of the and the following items to of the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance The group. The or that concatenated. If or concatenated, or Therefore, (particularly, access) to the the text appears the right of the If the or that connected together, the appear the right of the the connected with the the text appears the right of the the connected with allow to or If to connected the The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If connected the the displays statistics the If the ACP) the the displays of the below), that to whether each located or the displays and the displays the located of the and the displays the of the only displays the ID of the the top of the the the Previous allows to the
the Performance GUI N/M The displays the of the The displays of the to choose the of the to Next allows to the The Migration the Migration that and specified the Migration performance. information Migration, the Calling the The displays statistics. The to The statistics. The the rates The and/or If connected the the displays statistics the of the following information with specifying shortrange item to displayed the from the the of the Information of or Information of cache memory (write rates or statistics about cache memory). when information of or the highest of the (the of the the Chart Rate the of the shows to item the and to the highest of the Selecting Item Displayed the Graph and the Highest of the (Physical Universal Platform V/VM Performance
selected, the Performance displays the statistics collected and The statistics about months collected every displayed the selected, the Migration activated. The Migration to based the displayed the Performance information Migration, the Calling the selected: The Gathering ineffective. The gathering to of the You the statistics of and and hyphens appear the instead of these this the To this shortrange the statistics of and Statistics and Statistics You the ratio of processing, and to processing, and the statistics about cache memory. "the ratio of processing, and to processing", the about the Statistics Parity Short-Range shortrange selected, the Performance displays the statistics collected and The statistics about collected with the indicated Gathering The of statistics, which to the of that displayed, hours and the gathering shortrange selected, the Migration deactivated. rates of Migration displayed. the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance If item to from the clicking the shows the selected another item from the the without re-clicking the of the selected the the highest of the
LDEV of the Performance the Performance GUI The statistics might slightly selecting shortrange and the of these the of of statistics, Statistical the relationship and the of the statistics, Performance and then Performance the of the Performance and the Performance active. The Performance includes the LDEV which statistics about performance. the displays the I/O (the of second), the (the of second), the and to this Drives. LDEV of the Performance the LDEV active, the Performance the following items: Platform V/VM Performance
Switch Performance the that the monitored). Gathering and to often If the of the CUs to or the and appears as gathering displayed, the information obtained displayed the and the or CUs monitored, the statistics every or The the right of of statistics The statistics displayed the LDEV only therefore, shortrange this and The of that displayed the hours and the gathering the of statistics that should displayed the Notes: the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the of of statistics, the relationship and the of the statistics, Starting and collecting statistics displayed both of the Performance the these and specify the within this as statistics the the of and to statistics within the of July to July to the From to the To and then Apply To and From and To of the following: the to the or to the right. the text the that to change. Next, the or arrow. specify and From and To Performance the of the specified and displays the length. the Performance rounds to the From and To the (that obtained statistics) the The option when the LDEV active.
the Performance GUI the the the right of the the type of statistics to displayed the If to I/O IOPS second) from the If to MB/s second) from the The tree and V-VOL E1, V1 and X1 displayed below the The the of the the of ID, ID or V-VOL ID. the the tree displays of whose IDs with and At the right of each ID, the RAID appears. group, the the right the group. The IDs of with the Therefore, whose with the such as E1 the E1 the tree displays of whose IDs with E1 E1-1 and E1-2 The formation, and RAID appears the right of IDs. existing and to the USP V/VM of together and that information, group. Performance as Copy-on-Write Snapshot used, the IDs of V-VOL with the Provisioning used, the IDs of V-VOL with the Therefore, with the or such as V1 or X1 V-VOL the V1 the tree displays V1-1 which V-VOL ID with V1 If the V2 the tree displays V2-1 which V-VOL ID with V2 The V-VOL information, and RAID appears the right of IDs. group, V-VOL of and information. Performance V-VOL the as The group. The or that connected together. If or connected together, or Therefore, connected (particularly, access) to Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Notes: allow to or If to connected the the or IBM operation information the operation) (LDEV) The displays statistics about performance I/O write and the Drives. The displays the of the and the following items to of The displays the I/O the The to the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the the text appears the right of the If the or that together, the connected appear the right of the the connected with the the text appears the right of the the connected with this the operation and then Refresh the of the to the If connected the the displays statistics about performance the connected The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the such as or the displayed The ID displayed that of the the top of the The the as There Previous allows to the N/M The displays the of the The displays of the to choose the of the to Next allows to the
the Performance GUI The the I/O the The the rates The and/or If connected the the performance the I/O and the the connected clicking the the right of the below the specifying the type of statistics) to the type of information that the The to specify the item to shown below. Selecting Item to Displayed the Graph (LDEV The items that selected the the type of statistics selected. items selected only when I/O IOPS or the MB/s The items the and the type of statistics shown Table Table Items You Can Select the and the of Statistics (LDEV of statistics Item selected the I/O IO Rate The I/O The of I/O second). The of second. The of write second. Read The The write The of the cache memory and the The The of second. Can selected selected Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Table Information that Displayed the Graph (LDEV the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the to the information and the Chart Rate to the as Chart Rate and (LDEV the Chart Rate to the highest of the (the of the If and then the displays statistics as Table The information the the item selected the the right. and this Item the IO Rate the of from the cache memory to to The information. statistics statistics statistics CFW (cache write) If the ratio or the write ratio high, instead of to to to which the function applied. the of from to the cache memory to the of from to the cache memory to The Graph
of the Performance the Performance GUI Performance and then Performance the of the Performance and the Performance active. The Performance includes the which statistics about I/O rates, and LU paths, Performance statistics about traffics of connected to only. The statistics about traffics of connected to obtained. to this and LU Paths. of the Performance the active, the Performance the following items: Switch Performance the that the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Gathering that the statistics collected the displayed If the of the CUs or the and appears as gathering displayed, the information obtained every displayed the and the or CUs monitored, the statistics or The the right of of statistics The statistics displayed the only The of that displayed the hours and the gathering the of statistics that should displayed the From and To the (that obtained statistics) the The option statistics where statistics gathering specify and the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the of of statistics, Statistical the relationship and the of the statistics, The and collecting statistics displayed both of the Performance the these and specify within this as the to and to statistics within the of July to July to the From to the To and then Apply To and From and To of the following: the to the or to the right. the the that to Next, the or arrow specify and From and To Performance the of the specified and displays the length. the Performance rounds the
the Performance GUI the option, the to the of of statistics which should the You the of from or This the of statistics to displayed the the gathering this from the the displays statistics obtained the the the the right specifies the type of statistics to the If to I/O rates, IOPS second) from the If to MB/s second) from the The tree the Below the (such as and This the of the or Initiator/External This of the following: LUN security to this If the its the CL1-A(EF) that the CL1-A This of the following: LUN security to this High LUN security to this High LUN to this Initiator/External MIX LUN to this Initiator/External MIX LUN security to this the that to that displayed. The ID appears the of the The appears the right of the group, item LUN appears. LUN the the right LU about LUN security, and LU the LUN The displays statistics (that I/O rates, or the and LU Paths. The SPM the Priority that of Priority of Priority and Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance
If the displays the the and the threshold specified the of the Priority The displays the I/O or the The to The the I/O or the The the I/O or the The and/or the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance The SPM deactivated To Priority the From and To and release Performance from If the displays WWN the the and the threshold specified the WWN of the Priority If the displays the performance Priority the displays I/O rates or the rates or threshold, the that the or the threshold. the and the to the information, and the Chart Rate to the to Chart Rate and the to Select the Item to Displayed the Chart Rate to the highest of the (the of the If clicking the displays statistics as explained. The statistics only: the the tree and the
Workload Statistics the Performance GUI The displays statistics about the selected the the Workload Statistics. LUN the tree and LUN of the The displays statistics about the LU selected the The information the the item selected the the right of the the Workload Statistics LU Paths. shows of information about of this CL1-A selected the clicking this specified as the gathering The the selection of the The shows the following: The the CL1-A and to the the the of to the CL1-A IO/s. The CL1-A IO/s. The CL1-A to the the right). the of to the CL1-A IO/s. The CL1-A IO/s. The CL1-A to the the right). deselected, appears the This to the which appears when selected. I/O IOPS CL1-A If the If the selected Workloads Platform V/VM Performance I/O IOPS
Workload Statistics LU Paths LUN the LUN the and then the displays statistics about the LU The statistics that displayed items the as Table Table Information that Displayed the Graph LUN IO (the of second)* (the of second)* (the of write second)* (the (the write the of the cache memory and You this item when I/O rates displayed. the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance Select and this Item the The Graph statistics statistics If the ratio or the write ratio high, instead of to to to which the function applied. the of from the cache memory to to the of from to the cache memory to the of from to the memory to
WWN of the Performance Performance and then Performance the of the Performance and the Performance active. The Performance includes the WWN where statistics (I/O rates, and about the and the the Performance GUI The WWN Priority WWN (Worldwide as the and as the and the One WWN to this Paths and Ports. WWN of the Performance the WWN active, the Performance the following items: Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Switch Performance the that the monitored). Gathering that the statistics collected the If the of the CUs to or the and appears as gathering displayed, the information obtained displayed the and the or CUs monitored, the statistics displayed every or The the right of of statistics The statistics displayed the WWN only therefore, shortrange this and The of that displayed the hours and the gathering the of statistics that should displayed the specify and From and To Performance the of the specified and displays the length. the Performance rounds the From and To the (that obtained statistics) the The option statistics where statistics gathering and the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the of of statistics, Statistical the relationship and the of the statistics, The and collecting statistics displayed both of the Performance the these and the within this Statistics the specified and to statistics within the of July to July to the From to the To and then Apply To and From and To of the following: the to the or to the right. the text the that to change. Next, the or arrow
the Performance GUI the option, the to the of of statistics which should displayed the You the of from or This the of statistics to the the gathering this from the the displays statistics obtained the the the the right of the the type of statistics to displayed the If to I/O rates, IOPS second) from the If to MB/s second) from the The tree the the SPM which of SPM the to that SPM displayed. The WWN and the SPM of the displayed to the right of the If Not the (WWNs) that to SPM displayed. If the WWN of (HBA) the tree, the connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and that the HBAs and HBAs and instructions). The displays statistics (that I/O rates, rates, or the Paths and Ports. The SPM the Priority Priority Priority of Priority and Priority The SPM deactivated To Priority the From and To boxes and release Performance from If the displays the the and the threshold specified the of the Priority If the displays WWN the the and the threshold specified the WWN of the Priority If the displays the performance Priority The displays the I/O or the The to Platform V/VM Performance
The the I/O or the The the rates The and/or the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance the I/O rates or the rates or SPM the displays that the the Chart Rate the highest of the (the of the Chart Rate and the to Select the Item to Displayed
This the following statistics to of Performance the Performance GUI Performance and then Performance the of the Performance the the displayed. it to rates about The statistics of that displayed the The statistics of that the LDEV the performance statistics of displayed as hyphens the of CUs match the of CUs the or as subsystem the performance statistics and performance statistics other To correctly performance statistics, CUs to as follows: To performance statistics of LUSE the specify that the LUSE as the To performance statistics of to displayed the LDEV specify that to the as the Platform V/VM Performance
of Performance The Switch the the following items: Gathering the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance Select to statistics from the (that To The Specify the to statistics about the This option activated when If CUs to or specify the and and the the gathering Performance statistics (such as I/O rates and If CUs to or the gathering specified to the or the and the gathering to Performance gathers statistics (such as I/O and
the Performance GUI This option effective Statistics the LDEV and WWN Statistics displayed the Physical with selecting shortrange the the Physical with selected the the statistics collected every displayed of the of the Gathering The the the following items: PG Selection If this the PG If this when large-sized used, to gather the PG PG Indicates the of IDs of the that Each displayed the Click PG the header to the ID. If the group, the CUs that to that displayed the CU the right. LDKC Indicates LDKC numbers. To LDKC as the LDKC the CUs that to that LDKC displayed. CU The CU consists of CUs. Each consists of (CUs). of CUs LDKC. The header displays the of each CU the of and or from to F). To CU, to invert its To the to its the inverted To the CUs of the the the CU to F0). the the from the to the information, to CU. The relation of the of to the CU shown below: Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Table Relationship the of and the CU the CU Table CUs: The the CU selected the CU to the CUs to monitored. The Release the CU from The Apply the to the The the the Performance of collecting and statistics: and The of statistics the of Gathering option. Performance the statistics obtained to SVP. Therefore, the of statistics with "gathering specify the gathering the statistics the from the following the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance CU CU Displayed The CU S: CU to released from CU CU when N: CU to released from Hyphen CU when Indicates the of existing and CUs to monitored. Table Characters Indicated the Select Click Click S: Table Characters Indicated Release Clicked Click Click N: S: hours
Other the Performance GUI This the of the Performance the gathering the Performance the statistics hours) the and the Also, when the gathering Performance the statistics the and the the of the Gathering option nothing to with the of statistics The gathering to Therefore, when the the Physical of Performance the the three months The switch the with the switch the of IBM Universal and Universal IBM Therefore, the to or or to the gathering the of these functions Conversely, the each the the of Performance automatically. from the Performance and its the Performance interface includes the following TC This displays the information about operation of The this the as those of the of the this the This displays the information about operation of IBM The this the as those of the of IBM the this the IBM UR This the information about operation of Universal The this the as those of the of Universal the this the Universal Universal Platform V/VM Performance
If each function IBM Universal or IBM the TC UR or the Priority The first section this chapter Priority The sections performance and the and threshold I/O rates and rates. If the type of user ID Priority the when Performance as The Priority and WWN If one-to-one established and the If established and the WWN This section these the Priority of the Priority The the the performance of and the threshold the performance of operations this Operations. the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance This displays the information about of IBM The this the as those of the of Universal IBM the this the Universal IBM
the Performance GUI the Priority The displays the following: or WWN If displayed, the the and threshold specified the If WWN displayed, the the and threshold specified the WWN If displayed, the performance Priority If WWN displayed when the active, Apply to switch that displayed. To the to of the and then Apply The the right of the Priority allows to the If selected, the appear the If selected, only the appear the If Non-Prioritize selected, the appear the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
The near the of the allows to the type of performance statistics to the The displays of and the I/O or the each This to the attributes, and the threshold and of the traffic. the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance If of that the of the selection the If IOPS second) selected, the displays I/O rates The I/O the of second. If MB/s second) selected, the displays the rates The the of second. The the the specified the the The (I/O and Performance To specify the the of Performance The shows the following items: The the The the I/O or the the specified The the I/O or the of the the specified This the top of the the port-traffic the of Performance I/O Rates and Rates The Attribute the of each Non-Prio The Threshold specify the threshold the I/O and the each Either the IOPS or MB/s the activated the selection from the The IOPS specify the threshold I/O rates. The MB/s specify the threshold To threshold, to the the If of the IOPS or MB/s the other deactivated. You specify thresholds I/O rates and rates together the type of the threshold as that the the threshold the The the the I/O and the each Either the IOPS or MB/s the activated the selection from the
the Performance GUI The IOPS the I/O The MB/s specify the rates. To to the the If specify of the IOPS or MB/s the other deactivated. You specify I/O rates and rates together If the Thresholds and threshold the text the threshold to the If to the threshold the I/O IOPS from the the right of the text If to the threshold the MB/s from the IOPS Thresholds the when the of I/O rates the below IOPS. the type of IOPS or MB/s the threshold as that the the threshold the If the CHA Priority from SVP, the information of Priority that the and its from the Priority automatically, they SVP. This that the Priority to to than the newly-installed the location. The CHA only when the following Priority SVP: The of or The of or WWNs. The Apply the this to the The the the this button, the with the text the canceled. The the this as below, and then the to the the become The threshold the becomes The instead of If the Thresholds checkbox checked, the The the Priority Platform V/VM Performance
WWN of the Priority The WWN the the performance of and the threshold the performance of WWNs. operations this WWN Operations and Grouping WWN the Priority The WWN displays the following: or WWN the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance If displayed, the the and threshold specified the If WWN displayed, the the and threshold specified the WWN If displayed, the performance Priority If displayed when the WWN active, Apply to switch that WWN displayed. To the to of the and then Apply
the Performance GUI The near the right of the Priority to the If selected, the appear the If selected, the appear the If selected, the appear the The tree and the connected to these the the shown below the The indicated such as the tree expands to items: and The that connected to the specified displayed below or If the whose traffics with the specified displayed below If the whose traffics with the specified below Non- The WWN and SPM of the displayed the right of the below (Worldwide to SPM assigned the that they easily each the WWN the right of the below established and that the traffics HBAs and monitored. Therefore, that the connected HBAs displayed below to HBA below to below HBAs and Ports. The the right of the tree the item selected the tree as follows. selected or the displays the information of that connected to the ports(s) and Performance selected the or the the becomes The lower-left tree SPM The tree (WWNs) each SPM group: SPM which or WWNs, below the the SPM Grouping Universal Platform V/VM Performance and
The WWN to SPM group. this The the of the to the type of performance statistics to displayed the The displays of and the I/O or the each to the selection the tree or lower-left This to specify the and the of the traffic. the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance If SPM group, that the the WWN and SPM displayed to the right of the If the WWN of (HBA) the the connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and should that the HBAs and monitored. the when WWN red, HBAs and Ports. The the right of the tree the item selected the tree as follows: selected the the displays the information of SPM selected SPM the displays the information of from the tree and SPM You that appears below and other SPM group, If below or already SPM group, the NNW deactivated. If IOPS second) selected, the displays I/O rates The I/O the of second. If MB/s second) selected, the displays the rates The the of second. The the the specified the the of the The items the selected tree and The (I/O and Performance To the the of Performance On the right of the appear of WWNs, the of WWNs, and the of WWNs. The shows the following items: that SPM group. from the lower-left
the Performance GUI The WWN of This appear when the the lower- The SPM SPM of Priority allows assign SPM to each that easily each the Priority This appear when the the lower-left The the SPM to which the This appears when selected the tree and appear when SPM selected the lower-left The the (I/O or the and the selected the This item when the The the following Indicates the I/O or the the specified Indicates the I/O or the the The WWN the of the (I/O or the and the connected to the This the of that This item when the Whichever the the WWN shows the of the to the The WWN the following Indicates the I/O or the the specified Indicates the I/O or the the specified The displayed when the lower- this the shows the as that of WWN the the lower-left the shows the of the of the each SPM group. The when the lower-left this the shows the as that of WWN the the lower-left the shows the of the of the each SPM group. Platform V/VM Performance
Notes: If to the of the WWN to the Therefore, specify of WWN the to the other connected automatically. If the Thresholds and threshold the text the threshold to the If to the threshold the I/O IOPS from the the right of the text If to specify the threshold the MB/s from the IOPS Thresholds the when the of I/O rates the below IOPS. the Performance GUI Universal Platform V/VM Performance The Attribute the of each WWN. WWN. WWN. to the priority, Priority If to the of the to the Therefore, as WWN or WWN the to the other connected automatically. The the the I/O and the each Either of the IOPS or MB/s the activated the selection from the The IOPS specify the I/O The MB/s the To to the the If of the IOPS or MB/s the other deactivated. You specify I/O rates and rates together WWNs. You the of that SPM group. The of such the of the SPM to which the the of SPM group, to HBAs SPM Group. The SPM or selected the lower-left
the Performance GUI the type of IOPS or MB/s the threshold as that the of the WWNs, the threshold the WWNs. the WWN specify thresholds each If the CHA checkbox, Priority from SVP, the information of Priority that the and its the Priority automatically, that SVP. This that the Priority to that the location The CHA when the following Priority SVP: The of or The of or WWNs. The Apply the this to the The the the this the with the text the canceled. The the this as below, and then the to the the become WWNs. If the Thresholds checked, the The the Priority Platform V/VM Performance
the Performance GUI Platform V/VM Performance
This chapter the following performance operations: Performance Operations Performance Operations of Performance Operations the LU Paths HBA Information Platform V/VM Performance
of Performance Operations This section to Performance to the To the Performance and the The following statistics appear the of Performance LU statistics displayed the statistics the LDEV the performance statistics of displayed as the of CUs match the of CUs the or as subsystem the performance statistics and performance statistics other To correctly performance statistics, specify CUs to as follows: To performance statistics of LUSE the that the LUSE as the To performance statistics of to displayed the LDEV specify that to the as the Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Operations of Performance To the option Switch and the Gathering option to the collecting information. Next, or release the CUs to You specify CUs choosing PG numbers, LDKC numbers, CU or the the CU the to CUs, the completed, Apply Performance to statistics about the and the statistics the specified If the of CUs to or gathering and The gathering selected the of the statistics which to specify the gathering as the statistics and specify it as the statistics If the of the CUs to or choose the gathering from or The gathering selected the hours and of the statistics. of CUs, the statistics hours the gathering to and the statistics the specified to Platform V/VM Performance
the the to months. this however, the gathering to of the the Gathering option. the relationship of and of the statistics, The switch the with the switch the of IBM Universal and Universal IBM Therefore, the to or or to the gathering the of these Conversely, the each the the of Performance automatically. the To the of the Performance of Performance the Performance the Performance displayed. that the tree the and the which information displayed the Select the with information to and the statistics obtained the displayed the the right of the Performance Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Operations The information selecting each the tree below. Physical to statistics about the LDEV to statistics about to statistics about and LU the WWN to statistics about (HBAs) and displayed the right of the Performance To the and right of the and displayed. The these and the which statistics If the and the and the and the right statistics the of to If the and From and To the of statistics that should displayed the the displays statistics the month, the From and To to the statistics the or to the statistics the three only. LU or the or the WWN the To the the option which included the of the Performance The information the the specified gathering to You the the Physical and the LDEV Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Starting and To the Performance first and then statistics. You the from Performance Each below. To Performance The displayed. Click Performance and then Performance the of the To the that the the Performance the the Performance and the The displayed. Switch the option. the Gathering to specify the the statistics. the the the CUs to and then Select Click Apply Performance the Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance The Performance displayed. The the background of the light yellow. If the background the and to the following to the background of the If the background to switch from to while and the If the background to the Click the appears, whether to the Click OK to the The background of the to light The to The background of the becomes
statistics collected, heavy to Therefore, the might To the Performance Operations Performance and the The displayed. Switch, the option. The Gathering Click Apply Performance the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the This section to statistics about the the following to with the and the statistics. Statistics Parity Performance and the and the Performance displays within that To statistics about that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the the Parity Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance information of statistics, Statistical statistics about the items the selecting and shortrange the The the right displays statistics about The statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical If displayed the reported to because the Migration or or LVI or information Migration, the Calling the If such as the completely than
To the the and then The of and the gathering affects the the Notes: Performance Operations of Parity Rates Displayed the It that the to the of the each that Statistics Parity This the Performance rounds off below the to the whole when the each If there group, hyphens(-) displayed of performance statistics group. If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, specify the CU as the the Option The displays the following items: the to the of group, the the group. PG: This IDs of RAID: This the RAID (RAID-1, RAID-5, or RAID-6). This of The displays the the specified The displays the the specified CLPR: This and of cache (CLPRs) to each the CLPR- CLPRs, the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Statistics Parity Performance and the and the specified Performance displays within that To statistics about group: that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the the Parity Select the group. Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the of of statistics, Statistical statistics about items displayed the the selection of the or shortrange If to Migration to This to the of information Migration, the Calling the If to the ratio of processing, and to the the physical shortrange The statistics might slightly selecting shortrange and the of these rates and write rates the than other statistics. The and of displayed below the The the right statistics about the specified group. The displayed statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes.
Notes: The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To boxes and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow and the Performance Physical The of and the gathering affects the the Performance Operations If displayed the reported to the Migration or or LVI or information Migration, the Calling the If displayed such as the completely than To the the and then selecting of statistics: selecting shortrange of statistics: of Rates Displayed Universal Platform V/VM Performance
It that the of the each to the that Statistics Parity This the Performance rounds off below the to the whole when the each If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, specify the CU as the the Option The displays the following items: LDEV: This this LDKC:CU:LDEV. This types. Parity This item when the of statistics. Parity the might migrated of the (or and expected (estimated) and rates of the group. The the The the Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the displayed the of the the The displays the the specified The displays the the The the ratio of to and write The the ratio of to and write The write write the ratio of write to and write The write write the ratio of write to and write
Performance Operations the the displays the of the that the to If the migrated of the group, the of that expected to to This item when shortrange the of statistics. the of the of the following to the of the physical each This found to physical the following the to physical IBM Compatible FlashCopy Compatible FlashCopy V2 Migration information Migration, the Calling the Copy-on-Write Snapshot The displays the of of the the specified The displays the of of the the specified the the respective CLPR: This and of CLPRs to each which the to, the CLPR- CLPRs, the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Statistics Performance and the statistics of specified Performance displays the statistics of within that You the statistics about when shortrange the of statistics. To statistics about that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the shortrange the of statistics. the the Notes: To statistics the the and then The of and the gathering affects the the Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance If statistics appears the The the right displays statistics about The displayed statistics the statistics the specified the From and To boxes. The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow and the Performance Physical of Statistics of Displayed the
If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, the CU as the the Option Performance Operations The displays the following items: the displayed the of group, the statistics the group. This IDs of The the of IDs the group. This the replying from when I/O from USP V/VM to the group. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. This the of the and the second. CLPR: This and of CLPRs to each the CLPR-number CLPRs, the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Statistics Performance and the statistics of Performance displays the statistics of within that You the statistics about when shortrange the of statistics. To statistics about group: that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the shortrange the of statistics. the the Select the group. The the right displays statistics about the specified group. The displayed statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. Notes: To the the and then Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance If statistics appears the The and of displayed below the The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical
The of and the gathering affects the the If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, specify the CU as the the Option Performance Operations of Rates Displayed The displays the following items: the the of the the This this LDKC:CU:LDEV. the Emulation: This types. This the replying from when I/O from USP V/VM to the The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. This the of the and the second. CLPR: This and of CLPRs to each which the the CLPR-number CLPRs, the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Statistics Performance each and the and the specified Performance displays within that To statistics about that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the of the following: If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow and the Performance Physical To the the and then The of and the gathering affects the the Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance the of of statistics, Statistical statistics about the items displayed the selecting and shortrange the If to statistics about the the Interface (CHIP) If to statistics about the Interface (CHIP) and then the The the right displays statistics about the The displayed statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes.
Statistics To statistics about Performance Operations of Rates Displayed The displays the following items: the the of the the ID: This displays ID The displays the the specified The displays the the specified Performance and the and the specified Performance displays within that that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the of of statistics, Statistical statistics about the items displayed the selecting and shortrange the the the ACP Click DKP from below the ACP The the right displays statistics about The statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
If the and the From and To boxes and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical If to the the and then The of and the gathering affects the the The displays the following items: ID: This displays ID Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance of Rates Displayed the displayed the of the the The displays the the specified The displays the the specified
Statistics Recovery and Reconstruction To statistics about The the right statistics about The statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. If the and the From and To boxes and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical The of and the gathering affects the the Performance Operations Performance recovery and and the and the Performance displays DRR within that that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the of of statistics, Statistical statistics about the items the selecting and shortrange the the the ACP Click DRR from below the ACP If to the the and then of DRR Rates Displayed the Platform V/VM Performance
The displays the following items: ID: This ID and Memory Statistics Performance write write the ratio of write-pending to the cache memory capacity. Performance displays the and the write shortrange of statistics, Performance displays the and the statistics about the cache memory specified Performance write or statistics of the cache memory within that To the write or statistics of the cache memory: that the Performance displayed. the the Physical the the the of statistics from and shortrange the the Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the displayed the of DRR, the the DRR. The displays the the specified The the the specified the of of statistics, Statistical The items displayed the the selection of the or shortrange The write rates displayed both selection, statistics of the cache memory displayed when shortrange The the right displays the write rates. If shortrange the of statistics, the displays statistics about the cache memory. and rates the specified From and To displayed. If the and From and To and then Apply Performance the write rates and statistics about the cache memory, and information the To the and From and To the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical
Performance Operations If to the write or statistics about the cache memory, the of the write the and then The of and the gathering affects the the shortrange the of statistics, the item to illustrated the from the the right the Select to the write and to that of the statistics cache memory. The updated without clicking You the item to displayed clicking Selecting Item to Displayed the Graph (Short- of write displayed the shown below: selecting of statistics: selecting shortrange of statistics: Universal Platform V/VM Performance
of Rate and Rate Displayed The displays the following items: CLPR: This and of cache (CLPRs) the CLPR-number CLPRs, the This item displayed when shortrange the of statistics. Statistics Access Paths The (CHAs) and the to the cache switch (CSW) and the memory (SM) when I/O issued from to the Also, the switch to the cache memory. Performance these and the and the the specified Performance displays within that To statistics about that the Performance displayed. the the Physical Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the displayed the of the write the the write and statistics about the cache memory. The displays the of the cache the specified The displays the of the cache the specified The displays the write the specified The displays the write the specified
The the right displays the and the specified paths. The statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. If the and the From and To boxes and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical The of and the gathering affects the the Performance Operations the the the of statistics from and shortrange the of of statistics, Statistical statistics about the items displayed the selecting and shortrange the the the Access Path of the following: To statistics about (CHAs and and the cache switch, from below the Access Path To statistics about (CHAs and and the memory, from below the Access Path To statistics about cache switches and the cache memory, CSW-Cache from below the Path If to statistics about paths, the the and then Paths and cache switches: Paths and Universal Platform V/VM Performance
This CSW This switches. SM This This the cache The LDEV of the Performance physical or The LDEV displays the I/O and the The I/O the of second. The the of to the second. the LDEV displays the ratio and the write ratio Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance Paths cache switches and cache memory: of Statistics Displayed the the the of the path, the the path. The displays the the specified The displays the the specified
I/O Rates To I/O If to the I/O each and group, the or The the right displays the I/O each group. If the the displays and To the of to the the the displays only the whose IDs with Performance Operations I/O, when the already cache, the classified as write I/O, when the already cache, the operation classified as write This section to the statistics about performance. the following to with the and and the statistics. Performance and I/O rates (that the of second). that the Performance displayed. Click the LDEV The tree displays of and Select IOPS from the the right of the the of the following: If to the I/O each the or that the The the right displays the I/O each the selected group. The statistics the and the I/O rates the specified the From and To boxes. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Notes: The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the Performance Physical To to the I/O the following appears below the The the If the the I/O the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate If than or selected the the to information. I/O and the selected): Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance the the group(s), the or the that the the right of the to the type of information that to the the information that displayed, Click To information the the to the right of the to the type of information that Next, the the right of the and then The as
Notes: Performance Operations I/O or the selected): I/O I/O Rates It that the I/O or to the of the I/O each that group. This the Performance below the when the I/O each If there group, of performance statistics group. If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, specify the CU as the the Option The displays the following: the displayed the of the displays statistics about the group, the group, or the PG Indicates the ID or the ID. If the ID with the "E", the group. If the ID with the "V" or "X", the V-VOL group. LDEV Indicates the ID. If the ID with the pound or the If the ID with the "V" or "X", the Indicates the type. IO Rate Indicates the of I/O to the group, the group, or the second. Platform V/VM Performance
Indicates the of to the group, the group, or the second. Indicates the of write to the group, the group, or the second. Read Indicates the Indicates the write Indicates the of the (or the group, or the and the cache memory. This the replying from the group, the group, or the when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. CLPR: This and of CLPRs to each group, group, or the CLPRs, the Rates Performance and rates (that the of second). To that the Performance displayed. Click the LDEV Select MB/s from the the right of the the of the following: Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance The tree displays of and To the each and group, the or The the right displays the each group.
Notes: If the the displays and To the of to displayed the the the displays the whose IDs with Notes: The displays to of If the of Previous and Next to the If the and the From and To and then Apply Performance rates and information the To the and From and To boxes, the arrow buttons and the LDEV of the Performance appears below the The the Performance Operations To the each the or that the The the right displays the each the selected group. The statistics the and the rates the specified the From and To boxes. If to to the the following the the group(s), the or the that the the right to the type of information that to the the information that displayed, Table Click If the the the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate If to information the the the right to the type of information that Next, the the right of the and then The as Platform V/VM Performance
If than or selected the the to information. and the selected): or the selected): Rates Notes: It that the or to the of the each that group. This the Performance below the when the each If there group, of performance statistics group. If the CU the items the displayed If to those items, specify the CU as the using the Option The displays the following: Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Performance Operations the displayed the of the displays statistics about the group, the group, or the PG Indicates the ID or the ID. If the ID with the "E", the group. LDEV Indicates the ID. If the ID with the the Indicates the type. Trans Indicates the of to the group, the group, or the second. Indicates the Indicates the write Indicates the of the (or the group, or the and the memory. This the replying from the group, the group, or the when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. This displays the I/O CLPR: This and of CLPRs to each group, or the CLPRs, the Platform V/VM Performance
Performance the and I/O rates (that the of second) and rates (that the of second). This section to I/O rates and rates of the the following to with the Starting and and the statistics. Performance statistics about traffics of connected to only. The statistics about traffics of connected to obtained. I/O Rates Performance the and I/O rates (that the of second). To I/O rates: that the Performance displayed. Select the Select the Select IOPS from the the right of the of the following: the the or the Initiator/External Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance The tree displays The and the Initiator/External displayed. To the I/O the option, the of of statistics which should the and then Apply. To I/O rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, Workload Statistics. The the right displays I/O rates the the If the the tree displays of the If the to that appear. and
Click Performance Operations If the the displays I/O rates the connected to the selected If the the displays I/O rates the group. To to the I/O the following the or or (WWNs). If the the I/O the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate I/O the selected): the I/O the selected): I/O the Initiator/External selected): I/O connected to specified Platform V/VM Performance and and Non-Prio. the selected):
The displays the following: Indicates the WWN Indicates of the SPM Indicates SPM of the Priority allows SPM to each that easily each the Priority Indicates the the LUN allows to assign to each that easily each the LUN Indicates the I/O Indicates the I/O the specified Indicates the I/O of the the specified This shown the when the the Indicates the I/O the specified This shown the when or the This the replying from the or when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Indicates the of each Non-Prio. Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance I/O rates I/O Rates the displayed the of the displays statistics about the If the and the the of the I/O The the top of the this selected):
the of of appear SPM and If the SPM Priority appear. If the LUN appear. that the SPM and of Rates To Performance Operations Initiator/External: Indicates the Both of the Priority Performance the and rates (that the of second). that the Performance displayed. Select the The tree displays Select the The and the Initiator/External displayed. Select MB/s from the the right of the of the following: To the the option, specify the of of statistics which should the and then Apply To rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, Workload Statistics. the the or the Initiator/External The the right displays rates the the If the the tree displays of the If the to that appear. Universal Platform V/VM Performance and
If to to the the following Click If the the the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate the selected): the selected): I/O the Initiator/External selected): Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance If the the displays rates the connected to the selected If the the displays rates the group. You information about the LUN the or or (WWNs). and the Non-Prio. the
Performance Operations connected to specified rates group(When selected): Rates The displays the following: the the of the displays statistics about the Indicates the WWN Indicates of the SPM Indicates SPM of the Priority allows assign SPM to each that easily each the Priority Indicates the the LUN allows to assign to each that easily each the LUN Indicates the Indicates the the specified Indicates the of the the specified This shown the when the the If the and the the of the The the top of the this Indicates the the specified This shown the when or the Platform V/VM Performance and selected):
This the replying from the or when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Indicates the of each the of of appear SPM and If the SPM Priority appear. If the LUN appear. that specify the SPM and of Initiator/External: Indicates the Both of the Priority about the I/O and Rates To information about the I/O or the From the the right of the the type of statistics to displayed. Select the the Select from the Click Select the Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance This displays the I/O To I/O IOPS second) from the To rates, MB/s second) from the The that displayed. The as
LU Paths LU Paths I/O Rates Performance Operations Performance LU and I/O rates (that the of second) and rates (that the of second). This section to I/O rates and rates of LU the the following to with the Starting and and the statistics. The statistics LU LU LU. I/O the of LU LU. the LU LU. the LU LU. Performance LU and I/O rates (that the of second). To I/O that the Performance displayed. the The tree displays of the Select IOPS from the the right of the of the following: To the I/O the option, the of of statistics which should displayed the and then Apply. To I/O rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, Workload Statistics. the and then The LUN appears. Select LUN The the right displays of LU and I/O Universal Platform V/VM Performance or
If to to the I/O the following Click If the the I/O the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate If to information the the the right of the The as Table If than selected the the I/O Rates LU Paths If the CU the items the If to those items, specify the CU as the using the Option The displays the following: LUN Indicates numbers). LDEV Indicates IDs of the following LDKC:CU:LDEV. ID the ID or the Indicates types. Paths Indicates the of LU to Indicates the I/O Indicates the I/O the specified Indicates the I/O the specified Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the or the the of the displays statistics about the
LU Paths Rates To Click If the the the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate Performance Operations This the replying from the LU when I/O from the to the LU The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Performance LU and rates (that the of second). that the Performance displayed. Select the The tree displays of the MB/s from the the right of the of the following: To the the option, the of of statistics which should displayed the and then Apply To rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, of the Performance the and then The LUN appears. Select LUN The the right displays of LU and If to to the the following the or Universal Platform V/VM Performance or
If to information the the the right of the The as Table If than selected the the Rates LU Paths If the CU the items the If to those items, the CU as the the Option The displays the following: LUN Indicates numbers). LDEV Indicates of the following LDKC:CU:LDEV. ID the ID or the Indicates types. Paths Indicates the of LU to Indicates the Indicates the the Indicates the the specified This the replying from the LU when I/O from the to the LU The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance the displayed the of the displays statistics about the This displays the I/O
Paths and HBA Information I/O Rates HBAs Performance Operations If Priority Performance to (HBAs) and the HBAs and as connecting the to the This section to I/O rates and rates HBAs and the the following to the following: Priority HBAs and and Priority the Performance with the Starting and and the HBAs and Performance HBAs the and the and I/O rates (that the of second). To I/O that the Performance displayed. Click the WWN The tree displays of SPM that item Not To the SPM group, SPM group. To that to SPM group, Not Grouped IOPS from the the right of the of the following: To the I/O the option, specify the of of statistics which should displayed the and then Apply To I/O rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, WWN of the Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the of the following: If to to the I/O the following Click If the the I/O the the vertically), the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate If the WWN of (HBA) displayed the the connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and should that the HBAs and monitored. the when WWN red, HBAs and Ports. I/O (Displayed when SPM or Not Grouped selected): Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance To the I/O SPM group, the SPM group. The the right displays the I/O To the I/O that to SPM group, Grouped The the right the I/O If the the the displays the I/O each SPM group. If the the displays the I/O each connected to the selected the or SPM WWNs, or
Performance Operations I/O each SPM (Displayed when the selected): I/O each connected to specified (Displayed when selected): I/O Rates (WWN The displays the following: the the of the displays statistics about the Indicates SPM WWN Indicates of the SPM Indicates SPM of Priority allows SPM to each that easily each the Priority Indicates the Indicates the I/O Indicates the I/O the specified Indicates the I/O the specified This the replying from the SPM group, or when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Attribute Indicates the of each (HBA). high-priority HBA WWN). low-priority HBA WWN). Platform V/VM Performance
Rates HBAs Performance HBAs the and the and rates (that the of second). To that the Performance displayed. Select the WWN MB/s from the the right of the of the following: the of the following: If to to the the following Performance Operations Platform V/VM Performance The tree displays of SPM Below SPM item Not Grouped displayed. To the SPM group, SPM group. To that to SPM group, Not Grouped To the the option, the of of statistics which should the and then Apply To rates of the hours, the From option, the and the From and To boxes, and then Apply the arrow and the when the and the From and To boxes. the option and the From option, WWN of the Performance To the SPM group, the SPM group. The the right displays the To the that to SPM group, Not The the right displays the If the the the displays the each SPM group. If the the displays the each connected to the selected the or SPM WWNs, or
Click Notes: Performance Operations If the the the the vertically), recommended that the the Chart Rate the the and the Chart Rate should than from Chart Rate If the WWN of (HBA) the the connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and should that the HBAs and the when WWN displayed red, Traffic HBAs and Ports. (Displayed when SPM or Not Grouped selected): each SPM (Displayed when the selected): each connected to specified (Displayed when selected): Rates (WWN The displays the following: the displayed the of the displays statistics about the Group: Indicates SPM Platform V/VM Performance
WWN: Indicates of SPM Indicates SPM of Priority allows assign SPM to each that easily each the Priority Indicates the Indicates the Indicates the the specified Indicates the the This the replying from the SPM group, or when I/O from the to them. The milliseconds. The the specified displayed. Indicates the of each (HBA). high-priority HBA WWN). low-priority HBA WWN). Performance Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance This displays the I/O
This chapter the following operations: Priority Priority of Priority Operations Operations WWN Operations Universal Platform V/VM Performance
of Priority Operations Procedures Priority and If one-to-one established and the of I/O operations, and threshold each to HBA, the the established and the the because to and to Therefore, the the of I/O operations and each this threshold the If one-to-one established and the of the Priority If established and the WWN of the Priority This section the procedures each (HBAs) and as connecting the and the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance
If One-to-One HBAs and Throughout this the to to high-priority The to to Priority shows of which each to only the (Henceforth, this to as network and the directly connected and connected and switches. HBA SPM WWN SPM WWN Network (One-to-one HBAs and Ports) If one-to-one established HBAs and the following to the the of the Priority the 1A and 1C connected to high-priority The 2A connected to low-priority Therefore, the 1A and 1C should high priority, and the 2A should priority. shows of the Priority where the that the associated high priority, and the Non-Prio. that the priority. Universal Platform V/VM Performance Production high 1A 2A 1C HBA SPM WWN 1A, 1C, and 2A the
You statistics about each the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance Priority the Priority There of statistics: the I/O and the The I/O the of second. The the of and the statistics the the I/O or the The of the Performance traffic. illustrating the I/O the three (1A, 1C, and 2A). According to the the I/O 1A and 1C first. The I/O 2A approximately first. as the I/O 2A increased from to IO/s, the I/O 1A and 1C from to IO/s. This fact that the high-priority lowered performance. If the would to the I/O (1A and 1C) IO/s. To the I/O IO/s, to the I/O the 2A. information about traffic, Priority the and Traffic Statistics. I/O Traffic 1A and1C 2A
Priority to the To I/O rates to the I/O the first that the approximately of the traffic. the I/O the (2A) IO/s. the recommended 2A IO/s. to Priority the the of applying applying You statistics 1A and 1C to whether the performance to the I/O 1A and 1C IO/s. If the I/O reaches IO/s, performance reached to If performance to the to and then apply the to the the to the I/O 1A and 1C below IO/s, the to the the I/O reaches IO/s. If necessary, apply threshold. If to threshold threshold the the Priority You threshold of the following threshold to each threshold of to the 1A and threshold of to the 1C, the the (2A) when of the following satisfied: the I/O the 1A or the I/O the 1C or threshold to the threshold of to the the the (2A) when the of the I/O rates (1A and 1C) below IO/s. to threshold, Universal Platform V/VM Performance
If HBAs and of which and connected to the (Henceforth, this to as The the connected to four (1A, 1C, 2A and 2C). The and the connected to the four (HBA) SPM WWN Network Established HBAs and Ports) If established HBAs and the following of Priority the WWN (Worldwide of each to to WWNs, the LUN that connected to the the WWN of the Priority to which to which connected to each below the Priority Platform V/VM Performance Production (high priority) each of the four connected to three and the of and below the the four priority) switch 1A 1C CHA 2A 2C CHA: CHA (HBA) SPM WWN SPM WWN
Priority The the as follows: Specifying to instruction, Priority the Priority to and the performance of whose below the to the WWN of the Priority the high and the priority. If as high to and to and To to the three the following the WWN of the four that the HBAs connected to 1A, 1C, 2A, and 2C). to Also, Non-Prio. to and Priority the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Throughout this the WWN to to high-priority The to low-priority and and You statistics about and Priority Operation Universal Platform V/VM Performance There of statistics: the I/O and the The I/O the of second. The the of and the statistics the the I/O or the If as network the following: the 1A and the three and the 1C and the three and Measure the 2A and the three and the 2C and the three and that the I/O the each and the According to the the I/O the 1A and the WWN first. The I/O the 1A and the and approximately first. as the I/O and increased from to IO/s, the I/O the WWN from to IO/s. This that the high-priority If the would to the I/O the WWN IO/s. information about traffic, Priority and Statistics.
Priority I/O WWN to and the WWN to I/O rates WWNs. the first the should of the the I/O the 1A and the and IO/s. The I/O the 1C and the IO/s. The I/O the 2A and the IO/s. The I/O the 2C and the IO/s. the recommended the If as the following this the WWN of the four that the HBAs connected to 1A, 1C, 2A, and 2C). to the and the of the of to the 1A and the WWNs. to Priority the Platform V/VM Performance WWN and
the of applying applying statistics the WWN to whether the performance to If necessary, apply threshold. If to threshold threshold the WWN the Priority to threshold, Threshold. If to the the displays and the threshold the becomes ineffective. If the thresholds of the ineffective, threshold If thresholds and the I/O or becomes below the threshold of the threshold and the of the The following shows the relationship the thresholds and the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance the I/O the WWN IO/s. If the I/O reaches IO/s, performance reached to If performance to the to and then apply the to the the to the I/O below IO/s, the to the the I/O reaches IO/s. If of the WWN to or nearly I/O performance might lowered. If I/O performance lowered, the connected to the the WWN specify threshold the of the of WWNs. there three the and the threshold IO/s, the the when the of the I/O rates below IO/s.
Starting Priority To Priority Priority Table Relationship the Thresholds of the WWN and the of the WWN Threshold Other to The of The Threshold to The WWN thresholds to WWNs, the the following If I/O or the threshold WWN, of the If I/O or below the threshold WWN, of the Threshold to The WWN The specified To Priority the following that the with the background of the showing light yellow). If the background the and to the following whether the background of the If the background to switch from to while and the the background to the the whether to the OK to the The background of the to light The to The background of the becomes that the WWN or the active the Performance that the option cleared. You Priority Platform V/VM Performance WWN to The of The WWN The threshold of the WWN
Click SPM Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance The Priority displayed. the one-to-one established and operations the Operations. the WWN established and operations the WWN WWN Operations.
Operations Statistics Priority If one-to-one established (HBAs) and the the Priority to the following: statistics and to the to each threshold to the or to each If one-to-one established and should specify the of I/O operations each You the the and necessary, specify the threshold the threshold the the of one-to-one and If One-to-One HBAs and Ports. This section and the The statistics the of that The statistics the amount of that You the statistics to that should to I/O rates or rates The following the the Priority to statistics. You the Performance to statistics. Performance that I/O Rates and Rates Ports). To statistics: Priority The Priority displayed. Select the Select from the the top right of the of the following: Platform V/VM Performance
the information the and then that should to If necessary, threshold that should to the and threshold If One-to-One HBAs and Ports. Priority the If one-to-one established HBAs and to high-priority HBAs and You to low-priority HBAs and which the high and which the priority. Specify that to high-priority as Specify that to low-priority as To to the Priority that the displayed. Select from the the top right of the Right-click high-priority and then Non-Prio from the If there than high-priority this operation. The Attribute displays Right-click low-priority and then Non-Prio from the If there than low-priority this operation. Click Apply The the to the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance To I/O rates, IOPS from the the of the To MB/s from the the of the The displays statistics the and I/O rates or rates) of the The Priority displayed. The Attribute displays Non-Prio You the specified about the of to Ports.
to the the Notes: The Attribute of the whether or Priority the (I/O rates and Starting and statistics, to I/O rates or rates I/O rates to the of from the and performance high-priority rates to the amount of that should the and the and performance high-priority To the I/O or of Priority The Priority displayed. Select the of the following: To the I/O the IOPS from the the of the To the the MB/s from the the of the If the the the top right of the If the displays or Non-Prioritize from the of the following: To the I/O the the the IOPS Next, the the To the the the the MB/s Next, the the the of IOPS or MB/s activated the selected You of them to the You specify of rates IOPS or MB/s the of The that Platform V/VM Performance
Click Apply The the to the The that If of the WWN to or nearly I/O performance might lowered. If I/O performance lowered, the connected to the Threshold If threshold used, when and the reduced to specified and If One-to-One HBAs and Ports. If one-to-one established HBAs and the threshold the following threshold each threshold the The these operations below. To threshold to Priority The Priority displayed. Select the To threshold each the type of rates the threshold from the the of the If to threshold the this unnecessary. of the following: Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance To the I/O rates the threshold IOPS To the rates the threshold MB/s To threshold to each the which indicated the Attribute Next, the the IOPS or MB/s Threshold and then the threshold the of IOPS or MB/s activated the selected this to the thresholds the You of rates IOPS or MB/s thresholds of
WWN Operations Priority If to the the displays and the threshold the becomes ineffective. If the thresholds of the ineffective, threshold If thresholds and the I/O or becomes below the threshold of the threshold the and the of the The following shows the relationship the thresholds and the Relationship the Thresholds of the and the of the Thresholds Other Than to The of The Threshold to The thresholds to the following executed. If I/O or the threshold of the If I/O or below the threshold of the Threshold to The The specified To threshold to the the Thresholds Next, IOPS or MB/s from the of right Thresholds and the threshold the text the of rates and the threshold the threshold the Click Apply The the to the If established (HBAs) and the WWN the Priority to the following: the traffics and statistics Measure and Universal Platform V/VM Performance to The of The The threshold of the
to threshold, If established and should the of I/O operations each You the the WWNs. If necessary, threshold the established and thresholds WWNs. the of and If HBAs and Ports. the of and If HBAs and Ports. This section and the HBAs and established and should that the HBAs and monitored. To the traffics and monitored: Priority that the WWN displayed. Select from the the top right of the the Double-click below the specified Right-click and then WWN from the the WWN specify the WWN and the SPM Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance The Priority displayed. The the of the WWN The tree the If there whose traffics with the specified monitored, those displayed below The WWN displayed. This WWN of to
the WWN to the of the that connected to the monitored. These the as that From that WWN and the SPM You specify to characters SPM recommends that specify the the SPM and the of the of of LUN the of Performance SPM as the of (WWNs) the Therefore, both the the of the If the specified to other clicking OK appears whether to the of that other the the If that connected to or the to the another of the host, the WWN the the WWN of the WWN If to the WWN from the WWN the WWN LUN information of the from the WWN the LUN If using and the from to WWN to the WWN displayed which the SPM only. Priority Click OK The selected WWN (of the from Non- to to to the displayed below Non- to below Click Apply the Priority The the to the Platform V/VM Performance
WWN If or to the the the traffics about to the or monitored. this follow the to the traffics and to (WWNs) If than connected to the traffics about to from the the of each and the which think to to the following To and from the Priority and that the WWN displayed. from the the top right of the the to which than connected. Double-click below the specified Right-click the WWN of to from the and then WWN from the Priority Platform V/VM Performance If and the from to
Notes: If the selected connected to when the and the WWN appear that whether to the from to below other Statistics Priority If the selected SPM appear that to the from the SPM You which SPM from to to from SPM group, HBA from SPM Group. Click OK the that whether to the The (WWN) from to Click Apply the Priority The the to the The statistics the of that from HBAs. They the amount of that and HBAs. You the statistics to that should to I/O rates or rates HBAs. The following the the Priority to statistics. You the Performance to statistics. Performance that I/O Rates and Rates To statistics: Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN Select from the the top right of the of the following: To I/O IOPS from the the corner. To rates, MB/s from the the of the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Below the the the of the whose statistics to Notes: the information the and then that should to WWNs. If necessary, threshold that should to WWNs. If HBAs and Ports. Priority If established (HBAs) and to the of WWNs, each HBA and the that the HBA connected to, and the traffics. The (HBAs) types: and WWNs. the that the high-priority processing, and the that the low-priority processing. Specify existed which the high-priority as WWNs. Specify existed which the low-priority as WWNs. To to Priority Select the WWN from the the top right of the Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance The displays statistics (I/O rates or about the that to the selected The following of shown. The including the and the and the selected (shown of the the and the connected to the (shown WWN The statistics about the below appear the The WWN statistics the when the lower-left If the the lower-left the of the of the each SPM displayed. SPM Grouping The Priority displayed.
The Attribute of the selected WWN the displays If to specify than WWN, this operation. You the of WWN which SPM group. to the of WWN SPM group, Switching Priority of SPM Group. You the of WWN which SPM group. to the of WWN SPM group, Switching Priority of SPM Group. Priority the Double-click which below the specified to the of the to using Priority appear below If of the the HBAs and to to below Click to the information of the that the the right of the Right-click (WWN) the and then Non-Prio from the Right-click (WWN) the and then Non-Prio from the The Attribute of the selected WWN the displays Non-Prio If to specify than WWN, this operation. You the specified Non-Prioritized WWNs. to the selected If to and specify the of the the specified to the other connected automatically. Click Apply the Priority The the to the Follow the instructions and to I/O rates and rates). Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Non-Prioritized statistics about and WWNs, to I/O rates or rates WWNs. I/O rates to the of from the and performance high-priority rates to the amount of that should the and the performance high-priority To the to than WWN, SPM group. SPM Grouping To the I/O or of WWN: Priority that the WWN displayed. of the following: the the of the whose to below the the WWN the Notes: of the following: Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance The Priority displayed. To the I/O of the WWN, IOPS from the the corner. To the of the WWN, MB/s from the the corner. The information about the which to the selected the The Attribute of the whether or The Attribute of WWN displays If WWN the the the top right of the If the displays or To the I/O of the WWN, the the IOPS Next, the the
Notes: You or the of which SPM group. The of such the SPM to SPM group, to HBAs SPM Group. Threshold Priority Operation To the of the WWN, the the MB/s Next, the the the of the IOPS or MB/s activated the specified You specify the of the I/O or each The that It allowed that the I/O and them the the other If connected to and specify of the the specified to the other connected automatically. Click Apply The the to the The that If threshold used, when and the reduced to specified and If HBAs and Ports. If established and threshold the this threshold each WWN. To threshold Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN the Thresholds Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Select IOPS or MB/s from the Thresholds and of the following: the threshold the text of Thresholds Click Apply the SPM of The Priority allows to assign SPM to (HBA). Although HBAs (Worldwide to HBAs easily assign SPM and SPM should and The following the already assigned SPM to assign SPM Traffic HBAs and Ports. To SPM Priority that the WWN displayed. the From the WWN and SPM SPM the SPM and then OK You to characters SPM the Priority Apply Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance To specify the threshold using the I/O IOPS from the below the To the threshold the MB/s from the below the the of rates the and the threshold the threshold effective the WWNs. The the to the The Priority displayed. from below and then right-click the selection. The WWN and SPM displayed. The the to the
Priority WWN and SPM If to the with to the from the Priority and then the rather than the WWN of the displayed below Non- the the Follow the below to the and and easily. To Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN the the from below and then right-click the selection. From the WWN and SPM The WWN and SPM displayed. the WWN of the the WWN You the WWN of the connected the WWN If using the WWN of the displayed below and to If necessary, SPM the SPM You to characters SPM Select OK to the WWN and SPM the Priority Apply The the to the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Grouping Priority allows to SPM to the (HBAs) SPM of the priority. high-priority HBAs) and low-priority HBAs) the group. You SPM to switch of HBAs from to or You SPM to the to the HBAs the group. Containing HBAs SPM SPM group. To SPM and the the following To HBAs SPM group: Priority Select the WWN the lower-left and right-click the From the New SPM the New SPM the of the SPM and then OK Select HBA Notes: Click Apply Priority Universal Platform V/VM Performance The Priority displayed. SPM created. SPM to the lower-left from the tree and SPM from the lower-left Next, WWN this the HBAs to the SPM group. Select from below You HBAs from below to SPM which already contained SPM from the the WWN activated. which contained SPM users to SPM the to the SPM group.
HBA from SPM Switching Priority of SPM Priority The the to the New SPM To from the SPM group, the following Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN the lower-left the SPM that the to the SPM right-click the the to Select WWN from the The selected from the Click Apply The the to the the SPM of the priority. high-priority HBAs) and low-priority HBAs) SPM group. You SPM to switch of HBAs from to or To switch priority: Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN the lower-left and right-click SPM of the following: To switch from to Non-Prio from the Platform V/VM Performance
Click Apply to HBAs SPM If the SPM low-priority HBAs), to HBA performance I/O or You SPM group. that the IOPS assigned to SPM consisting of four If the of the I/O of the four HBAs reaches IOPS, Priority the that the of the I/O rates IOPS. To to HBAs SPM group: Priority Select the WWN the lower-left and right-click the or SPM If selected the the following Priority Operation Platform V/VM Performance To switch from to Non-Prio from the The the to the The Priority displayed. Select IOPS or MB/s from the the of the Select IOPS to assign to the I/O Select MB/s to to the To assign to the I/O the the IOPS of the To to the the the MB/s of the If the IOPS or MB/s the to the The located the right of the If selected SPM Right-click the selected SPM and then from the The displayed. To to the I/O the and then IOPS from the Next, OK To assign to the the and then MB/s from the Next, OK the following
To specified each SPM group, the the lower-left tree of the WWN The SPM the and each SPM SPM Priority the Priority Apply The the to the To SPM group, the following Priority The Priority displayed. Select the WWN the lower-left and right-click SPM Select SPM from the The SPM displayed. the and OK the Priority Apply The the to the SPM If to SPM group, the following To SPM group: Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Priority Select the WWN the lower-left and right-click SPM Select SPM from the the Priority Apply Priority Platform V/VM Performance The Priority displayed. The the to the
This chapter using the the to Exported the the Command Reference Universal Platform V/VM Performance the
to Exported The allows to appearing the Performance The allows to about operations The (ZIP) To text or spreadsheet software to or the usually to the ZIP to CSV However, the to CSV instead of ZIP force the to Table shows the the Performance and the that the the ZIP and CSV that to the indicated the Performance and the Physical the Performance LDEV the Statistics about or V- Performance VOL Statistics about or V-VOL the Performance WWN the Statistics about SPM Performance Statistics about to SPM TC and Statistics about operations UR and Universal IBM the whole and Statistics about operations Table and Universal IBM the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Statistics about and write rates Statistics about Statistics about connected to Table Statistics about Statistics about operations and IBM the whole Statistics about operations and Table IBM each (LU)) Statistics about operations and IBM CU) Statistics about operations and IBM (At CLPR) Table Table Table
ZIP CSV the rates PHY_Short_LDEV_SI_ rates PhyProc_dat.ZIP rates and the Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM each (LU)) Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM CU) Table with Statistics about and Rates PHY_Short_PG.csv rates rates PHY_Short_LDEV_ rates (milliseconds) Amount of (milliseconds) Amount of rates PHY_Short_CHP.csv rates rates PHY_Short_DKP.csv rates rates recovery and reconstruction PHY_Short_DRR.csv rates recovery and Platform V/VM Performance rates and cache Table
ZIP CSV the PHY_Short_Cache_Usage_Rate. rates cache memory Notes one-thousandth of second. The CSV or Both and statistics and write rates. Table with Statistics about Parity or V-VOL ZIP CSV the the Universal Platform V/VM Performance PHY_Short_MPA_CSW.csv rates paths and cache rates and the shared memory PHY_Short_MPA_SMA.csv rates and the shared memory rates cache switches and cache PHY_Short_CSW_CMA.csv rates switches and cache PHY_Long_Write_Pending_Rate rates PHY_Short_Write_Pending_Rat rates The of and write operations PG_TransRate.csv The of PG_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations PG_Seq_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations PG_Rnd_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations PG_CFW_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations "cache-fast- write" PG_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations PG_Seq_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations PG_Rnd_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations rates and rates and the shared memory rates and the shared memory
ZIP CSV the one-millionth of second. ZIP CSV the LDEV_IOPS_ LDEV_IOPS.ZIP The of and write operations LDEV_TransRate_ LDEV_TransRate.ZIP The of LDEV_Read_IOPS_ LDEV_Read_IOPS.ZIP The of operations LDEV_Seq_Read_IOPS_ LDEV_Seq_Read_IOPS.ZIP The of operations LDEV_Rnd_Read_IOPS_ LDEV_Rnd_Read_IOPS.ZIP The of operations LDEV_CFW_Read_IOPS_ LDEV_CFW_Read_IOPS.ZIP The of operations "cache-fast- write" The of write operations the PG_CFW_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations "cache-fast- write" PG_Read_Hit.csv The ratio PG_Seq_Read_Hit.csv The ratio PG_Rnd_Read_Hit.csv The ratio PG_CFW_Read_Hit.csv The ratio "cache-fast-write" The write ratio The write ratio PG_Rnd_Write_Hit.csv The write ratio PG_CFW_Write_Hit.csv The write ratio "cache-fast-write" PG_BackTrans.csv The of operations cache and or V-VOL PG_C2D_Trans.csv The of operations from cache and or V-VOL PG_D2CS_Trans.csv The of operations from or V-VOL to cache PG_D2CR_Trans.csv The of operations from or V-VOL to cache The (microsecond) or V-VOL Table with Statistics about Parity or V-VOL Platform V/VM Performance
ZIP CSV the LDEV_Seq_Write_IOPS_ The of write operations The of write operations LDEV_CFW_Write_IOPS_ The of write operations "cache-fast- write" LDEV_Read_Hit.ZIP LDEV_Read_Hit_ The ratio LDEV_Seq_Read_Hit.ZIP LDEV_Seq_Read_Hit_ The ratio LDEV_Rnd_Read_Hit_ The ratio LDEV_CFW_Read_Hit_ LDEV_CFW_Read_Hit.ZIP The ratio "cache-fast-write" The write ratio The write ratio The write ratio The write ratio "cache-fast-write" LDEV_BackTrans_ The of operations cache and The of operations from cache and LDEV_D2CS_Trans_ The of operations from to cache LDEV_D2CR_Trans_ LDEV_D2CR_Trans.ZIP The of operations from to cache The (microseconds) Notes one-millionth of second. The CSV group. the the the I/O each the the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
ZIP CSV the of second. ZIP CSV the Notes one-millionth of second. The CSV the the the I/O each connected to the CL1-A If to CSV with and the Table with Statistics about Port_IOPS.csv The of and write operations The of The (microseconds) Port_Initiator_IOPS.csv The of and write operations Initiator/External Port_Initiator_KBPS.csv The of Initiator/External Port_Initiator_Response.csv The (microseconds) Initiator/External Table with Statistics about Connected to The I/O (that the of and write operations second) HBAs that connected to The of and the HBAs connected to that The (microseconds) and the HBAs connected to that Platform V/VM Performance
with Statistics about ZIP CSV the one-millionth of second. Table with Statistics about SPM ZIP CSV the one-millionth of second. the Universal Platform V/VM Performance The of and write operations LU_TransRate.csv The of (KB/sec) LU_Seq_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations LU_Rnd_Read_IOPS.csv The of operations LU_Seq_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations LU_Rnd_Write_IOPS.csv The of write operations LU_Seq_Read_Hit.csv The ratio LU_Rnd_Read_Hit.csv The ratio LU_Seq_Write_Hit.csv The write ratio LU_Rnd_Write_Hit.csv The write ratio The of operations from cache and LU_D2CS_Trans.csv The of operations from to cache LU_D2CR_Trans.csv The of operations from to cache The (microseconds) The of and write operations The of The (microseconds) SPM
ZIP CSV the Notes of second. The CSV the of SPM group. If exported to CSV with PPCGWWN_mygroup_IOPS-1.csv and PPCGWWN_MyGroup_IOPS-2.csv). the Table with Statistics about to SPM PPCGWWN_ The I/O (that the of and write operations second) HBAs to SPM PPCGWWN_ The HBAs to SPM PPCGWWN_ The (microseconds) HBAs to SPM PPCGWWN_NotGrouped_ The I/O (that the of and write operations second) HBAs that to SPM PPCGWWN_NotGrouped_ The HBAs that to SPM PPCGWWN_NotGrouped_ The (microseconds), HBAs that to SPM Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Table with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations TC and TC IBM the Whole ZIP CSV the RemoteCopy_dat.ZIP RemoteCopy.csv The following the whole one-thousandth of second. Table with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations TC and TC IBM each (LU)) ZIP CSV the The of and write operations) the Platform V/VM Performance The cache The of and write operations). The of write The of that I/O The of The The (milliseconds) The of The The (milliseconds) The of The of hits of The of asynchronous The of recordsets The The (milliseconds) The of scheduled recordsets The of recordsets that arrive the The of recordsets when the completed The of activations of The of of operations of of The of that the or operation
ZIP CSV the one-thousandth of second. the RCLU_All_Read.csv The of The of write The of that I/O RCLU_Initial_Copy_RIO.csv The of RCLU_Initial_Copy_Hit.csv The of hits of RCLU_Initial_Copy_Transfer.csv The RCLU_Initial_Copy_Response.cs The (milliseconds) the of each (LU) RCLU_Migration_Copy_RIO.csv The of RCLU_Migration_Copy_Hit.csv The of hits of RCLU_Update_Copy_RIO.csv The of RCLU_Update_Copy_Hit.csv The of hits of RCLU_Update_Copy_Transfer.c The RCLU_Update_Copy_Response. The (milliseconds) the of each (LU) RCLU_Restore_Copy_RIO.csv The of RCLU_Restore_Copy_Hit.csv The of hits of RCLU_Asynchronous_RIO.csv The of RCLU_Recordset.csv The of asynchronous recordsets RCLU_Asynchronous_Copy_Tra The RCLU_Asynchronous_Copy_Res The (milliseconds) the asynchronous of each (LU) RCLU_Scheduling_Recordset.cs The of recordsets RCLU_Scheduling_Miss_Record The of recordsets that arrive the RCLU_Remained_Recordset.csv The of recordsets when the completed RCLU_Scheduling_Attempt.csv The of activations of consistency RCLU_Pair_Synchronized.csv The of of operations of of RCLU_Out_of_Tracks.csv The of that the or Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Table with Statistics about Copy Operations TC and TC IBM (At CU) ZIP CSV the The of and write operations) RCLDEV_All_Read_ RCLDEV_All_Read.ZIP The of The of write The of that I/O RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_RIO.ZIP RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_RIO_ The of RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Hit.ZIP RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Hit_ The of hits of RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Transfer RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Transfer The (KB/sec) .ZIP RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Respons RCLDEV_Initial_Copy_Respons The (milliseconds) RCLDEV_Migration_Copy_RIO. RCLDEV_Migration_Copy_RIO_ The of ZIP RCLDEV_Migration_Copy_Hit.Z RCLDEV_Migration_Copy_Hit_ The of hits of IP RCLDEV_Update_Copy_RIO_ RCLDEV_Update_Copy_RIO.ZI The of RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Hit_ RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Hit.ZIP The of hits of RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Transfe RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Transfe The RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Respon RCLDEV_Update_Copy_Respon The (milliseconds) the RCLDEV_Restore_Copy_RIO_ RCLDEV_Restore_Copy_RIO.ZI The of RCLDEV_Restore_Copy_Hit_ RCLDEV_Restore_Copy_Hit.ZI The of hits of RCLDEV_Asynchronous_RIO_ RCLDEV_Asynchronous_RIO.ZI The of asynchronous RCLDEV_Recordset_ RCLDEV_Recordset.ZIP The of asynchronous recordsets RCLDEV_Asynchronous_Copy_ RCLDEV_Asynchronous_Copy_ The RCLDEV_Asynchronous_Copy_ RCLDEV_Asynchronous_Copy_ The (milliseconds) the RCLDEV_Scheduling_Recordset RCLDEV_Scheduling_Recordset The of recordsets .ZIP The of recordsets that arrive the RCLDEV_Remained_Recordset. RCLDEV_Remained_Recordset The of recordsets when the ZIP completed The of activations of consistency ZIP the Platform V/VM Performance
ZIP CSV the RCLDEV_Pair_Synchronized.ZI RCLDEV_Pair_Synchronized_ The of of operations of of RCLDEV_Out_of_Tracks_ RCLDEV_Out_of_Tracks.ZIP The of that the or one-thousandth of second. The CSV CU the the the of of the the CU whose ZIP CSV the CLPR ZIP CSV the The following the whole UniversalReplicator.ZIP one-thousandth of second. the with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations TC and TC IBM (At CLPR) Table with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations UR and UR IBM the Whole Universal Platform V/VM Performance The of write second. The amount of that written The The operations The of the The of the The the The I/O (milliseconds) the The of the secondary The of the secondary The the secondary The I/O (milliseconds) the secondary
Table with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations UR and UR IBM (At Journal ZIP CSV the URJNL_Write_Record.csv The of write URJNL_Write_Transfer.csv The amount of that written URJNL_Initial_Copy_Hit.csv The URJNL_Initial_Copy_Transfer.c The operations URJNL_M- The of JNL_Asynchronous_RIO.csv the URJNL_M- JNL_Asynchronous_Journal.cs URJNL_M- JNL_Asynchronous_Copy_Tran URJNL_M- JNL_Asynchronous_Copy_Res URJNL_R- The of JNL_Asynchronous_RIO.csv the secondary URJNL_R- JNL_Asynchronous_Journal.cs URJNL_R- JNL_Asynchronous_Copy_Tran URJNL_R- JNL_Asynchronous_Copy_Res URJNL_M- JNL_Data_Used_Rate.csv URJNL_M- URJNL_R- JNL_Data_Used_Rate.csv URJNL_R- one-thousandth of second. the Platform V/VM Performance The of the The (KB/sec) the The I/O (milliseconds) the The of the secondary The the secondary The I/O (milliseconds) the secondary
ZIP CSV the ZIP CSV the URLDEV_Read_Record_ URLDEV_Read_Record.ZIP The of URLDEV_Read_Hit_ The of records URLDEV_Write_Record.ZIP URLDEV_Write_Record_ The of write The of write records URLDEV_Read_Transfer_ The amount of that The amount of that written URLDEV_Initial_Copy_Hit_ URLDEV_Initial_Copy_Hit.ZIP The URLDEV_Initial_Copy_Transfer URLDEV_Initial_Copy_Transfer_ The .ZIP operations The CSV CU the URLDEV_Read_Record_10.csv, the the of second) of the the CU whose the with Statistics about Remote Copy Operations UR and UR IBM Each (LU)) URLU_Read_Record.csv The of URLU_Read_Hit.csv The of records URLU_Write_Record.csv The of write URLU_Write_Hit.csv The of write records URLU_Read_Transfer.csv The amount of that The amount of that written URLU_Initial_Copy_Hit.csv The URLU_Initial_Copy_Transfer.cs The operations with Statistics about Copy Operations UR and UR IBM (At CU) Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the This section to the the The following to the or UNIX (JRE) the Universal Platform V/VM Performance The and UNIX that If or UNIX to to the information about that the To to the or UNIX If JRE already and the If of JRE, the The JRE the the as the JRE information about the JRE the ID exclusively with the If to the ID that exclusively with the the ID, the following: of USP V/VM If the to the to the ID with the If ID with the the might If the only to to or and to the gathering the subcommand, the ID to least of Performance IBM Universal and IBM You specify type the ID with the If specify the user ID, the from Table to
the Double-click The installed. Also, directory created. Notes: the If specify the ID, the that and the of the the information about to ID, the The The CD-ROM which PP information about to the the information about to the UNIX the UNIX Computer. To the directory the the directory. the the CD-ROM the self-extracting the directory \program\monitor\win_nt CD-ROM and then to the directory that created The directory of which include It recommended that because this The and located the directory. Platform V/VM Performance
the UNIX To the UNIX directory UNIX the the directory. Mount the of the following: The Also, directory created. Notes: The directory of which include It recommended that this The and located the directory. the Universal Platform V/VM Performance If using Solaris, the archive the directory CD-ROM and then to the directory that created If HP-UX, the archive the directory /program/monitor/HP-UX CD-ROM and then to the directory that created
the Command the To to and batch This section to and batch and then to the batch the To to the write exporting writing to write subcommands the the subcommands the command and then the of command IP of SVP SVP to type of to and of RemoteCopy type of to short-range of to of to exported outpath directory which option whether to apply of Command the the the of Characters from to the of the as The this as follows: This that the SVP whose IP You the SVP when the The subcommand the IP of the SVP. You include the subcommand information about the subcommand, Subcommand. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
write the subcommand command specify user ID that should exclusively the the reference. Short To: To: and RemoteCopy the Platform V/VM Performance This that the ID and the to the SVP. The subcommand the specified the SVP. You include the subcommand information about the subcommand, Subcommand. The subcommand the SVP to the of the SVP and the (that "gathering Performance and then them to the the command and the Performance collects statistics the of and The subcommand displays the and the gathering these of The following of information that the subcommand outputs: Short the and gathering of the those of the the the every the of Oct. Also, the every the of through Oct. the within these the items of items both the and items that Subcommand. The of the subcommand mandatory, recommended that include the subcommand If when the might to the the information issued the subcommand. information about the subcommand, Subcommand.
the The subcommand the type of that to Specify following to the type of to exported. Basically, exported. to when of the The to statistics about Also, the RemoteCopy to statistics about operations and IBM You of the subcommand to items the information about the subcommand, Subcommand. short-range and The short-range and subcommands specify the of to exported. these subcommands when to the within the You both the short-range and subcommands the The these subcommands as follows: The short-range subcommand You this subcommand to the the items specify the subcommand. Specify within Short From XXX To XXX which output the subcommand. The subcommand You this subcommand when specify the or with the option the subcommand. (The items that these the the Physical of the Performance with selecting Specify within From XXX To XXX which the subcommand. the short-range the Oct. This to the RemoteCopy subcommand this the the statistics about operations and IBM the specified the short-range subcommand. Also, the the from to Oct. This to the subcommand this the the statistics about the specified the subcommand. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
outpath option apply the the command.txt the directory. The command.txt It recommended that command.txt to information about subcommand Command Reference. Batch To the batch The and when the batch The installation directory the (that the directory) batch and If If UNIX, and These batch include that command. batch the subcommands specified and then Batch the Platform V/VM Performance If the without specifying the short-range or subcommand, the the whole the the subcommand) exported. information about the short-range subcommand, short-range Subcommand. information about the subcommand, Subcommand. This that should the directory the directory. The outpath subcommand the directory which should information about the outpath subcommand, outpath Subcommand. This that the should ZIP The option subcommand whether to ZIP or CSV information about the option subcommand, option Subcommand. The apply subcommand information about the apply command, apply Subcommand.
the -classpath Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log Batch UNIX -classpath Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log Batch the the the of If the the directly with the SVP, to and might to the command text the of command.txt to directory to the directory to as If the that the with the SVP host, to the text the to specify the (or the IP and the of the host. the Jupiter and the the as shown Batch -classpath -Dhttp.proxyHost=Jupiter -Dhttp.proxyPort=8080 -Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log Batch UNIX -classpath -Dhttp.proxyHost=Jupiter -Dhttp.proxyPort=8080 -Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log Batch Specifying the of Proxy the the the of command If the IP of the and the the as follows: Batch -classpath -Dhttp.proxyHost=158.211.122.124 Universal Platform V/VM Performance
-Dhttp.proxyPort=8080 -Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log Batch UNIX -classpath -Dhttp.proxyHost=158.211.122.124 -Dhttp.proxyPort=8080 -Dmd.command=command.txt Batch Specifying the IP of Proxy the the the of information about of the command, Command Exporting the To the and to batch To batch to the of the batch the and then the If the batch to the batch to the directory containing of Batch Computer) the exporting issued to the the command The as If internal the issued to the and the to exporting If the reappear and finishes. the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the the currently-running subcommand the currently-running subcommand the currently-running subcommand apply the currently-running subcommand gathering Indicates that the Indicates that the appear and as the gathering Indicates that the of Command Prompt from the finishes successfully, usually ZIP-format archive If to CSV to ZIP and CSV of the ZIP If the operating include ZIP to software of to the the internal processing, the appears to the If this the to three processing. If through three or internal other than those Table the the processing. this to the and then the You the of the subcommand. information about the subcommand, Subcommand. Which Processing ID of occurred SVP processing. the SVP the obtained. refreshing, or the the The internal or other Universal Platform V/VM Performance
processing. Another lock. service the The SVP ready or internal executed. occurred SVP processing. The internal executed, or The SVP the statistics The SVP the statistics The If the the option subcommand, the CSV instead of ZIP information, option Subcommand). CSV instead of ZIP the and the the often The the as as GB. this reason, the exporting might of If to statistics of recommended that the rather than once to the as to statistics hours, the to statistics three hour the Universal Platform V/VM Performance ID of
the Table of Exporting the Subcommand This that the should statistics about within 24-hour This that the should statistics about within 24-hour PPCG This LDEV This LU This the the Therefore, the repeatedly, the of free reduced. To free strongly recommended to regularly. information about the directory containing Command Exporting information about to with the of The termination when the finishes. Universal Platform V/VM Performance There SPM and each SPM group. There WWN that SPM group. The should statistics about SPM and within 24-hour The should statistics about within 24-hour The Each the used, the statistics within 3-hour The should statistics about within 24-hour The Each the used, the statistics within 3-hour
Termination the The finished successfully. occurred when the subcommand subcommand) to switch to other might occurred to reason to option and occurred to than reason. One of the reasons that to switch to when the subcommand subcommand) executed. other user might The ID of Performance IBM and Universal IBM If to reference to termination batch the following: To such reference batch write the batch To such reference UNIX write the To such reference UNIX C write the reference to termination the following of batch If this batch and the the termination or the command displays that the subcommand -classpath Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log THE SET SUBCOMMAND FAILED THE SET SUBCOMMAND FAILED of Batch Including References to Termination The the of the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Termination
Command Reference the This section the of the subcommands that write command and the command that should batch the subcommands this section. The command Command Exporting Table Subcommand Subcommand Function the IP of the SVP to Subcommand of processing. Subcommand the specified the SVP. Subcommand the SVP to the of the SVP and the (that "gathering and then them to the and the the type of that to Subcommand short-range the of to short-range short-range Subcommand the of to Subcommand outpath the directory which should outpath Subcommand option whether to ZIP or CSV option Subcommand apply apply Subcommand or the and subcommand the gathering the subcommands. subcommand Universal Platform V/VM Performance Subcommand
Command This section the of subcommands that write This section the of the command that should batch this section the Universal Platform V/VM Performance This section the following and typefaces to Indicates Indicates characters that type as they Indicates type of operand. You to type characters as they Indicates or that If or these and of the Indicates that from the the or the and Indicates that previously repeated. Table The Indicates that You Can the Following directory
the Notes writing the write of the following: that subcommand Empty command to If the characters that as COMMAND FILE: command.txt IP of SVP "passwd" SVP of the subcommands You the to the of subcommands when the command To to the the subcommand of the information about to the subcommand, Subcommand. Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Subcommand The subcommand the IP or the of the SVP. The following the IP of the SVP as the Platform V/VM Performance the IP of the SVP. If the SVP with the to match the of If the XP, the interface to the of the specified IP the of the SVP. If the includes character that the
Subcommand the count= The subcommand of processing. internal processing, the and then processing. the to three the of the subcommand. the and the You the the subcommand. The subcommand the subcommand the within the of to If this the count= the of If the of unlimited. If this the of If the following command used, the and the of count=10 short-range outpath option apply Platform V/VM Performance
Subcommand The subcommand ID and to the specified user the SVP. The subcommand the subcommand The subcommand the SVP. This the user the SVP whose IP The the Universal Platform V/VM Performance the user ID the SVP. If the ID includes non-alphanumeric character, the ID to specify ID that should exclusively with the information, the the of the If the includes non-alphanumeric character, the ID
Subcommand the The subcommand the following information to the to the the which collected the SVP the which the collected (gathering Performance collects statistics the of and short-range the hours and the SVP, and the to three months the SVP. the The subcommand displays the and the gathering these of and the subcommand the following information: Short To: To: Short the and gathering of the those of the the the within these If the short-range or subcommand the of to exported short-range Subcommand or Subcommand). From the collecting To the collecting the which the collected (gathering that collected the subcommand the as the information the of the Performance Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Information the subcommand The the subcommand the Platform V/VM Performance The subcommand the from to
Subcommand the Short parity-group-id parity-group-id Short parity-group-id parity-group-id Short Short PG parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id LDEV parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id LU host-group-id host-group-id PPCG SPM-group-name SPM-group-name PPCGWWN SPM-group-name SPM-group-name RemoteCopy RCLU host-group-id host-group-id RCLDEV RCCLPR URJNL JNL-group-id JNL-group-id URLU host-group-id host-group-id URLDEV The subcommand the type of that to This (such as and to type of Table shows the that each operand, and the ZIP the these to the indicated the Table of the Subcommand and of Performance statistics about Physical the Performance statistics about Universal Platform V/VM Performance the ZIP Table
about about statistics about and recovery and reconstruction PG Statistics about or V-VOL LDEV Statistics about Statistics about connected to LU PPCG Statistics about SPM Table PPCGWWN RemoteCop Statistics about operations and IBM RCLU Statistics about operations and IBM each (LU)) RCLDEV Statistics about operations and IBM CU) RCCLPR the Universal Platform V/VM Performance of Performance LDEV the Performance Statistics about or V-VOL the Performance WWN the Performance TC and the statistics about write and cache Statistics about Statistics about to SPM Statistics about operations and IBM CLPR) ZIP Table LDEV_ XXXXX .ZIP Table RemoteCopy_dat.ZI Table RCLDEV_ XXXXX .ZIP Table Table Table Table
the of Performance UR and UniversalRe Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM URJNL Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM URLU Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM each (LU)) URLDEV Notes: the or operand, the of the to from or specify other the exported. ZIP whose with LDEV_ ZIP whose with RCLDEV_ ZIP whose with URLDEV_ You the subcommand than write the following CL1-A:CL1-B PPCG RemoteCopy If than the the below, the first subcommand the subcommand CL1-A:CL1-B CL2-A:CL2-B Universal Platform V/VM Performance the Statistics about operations Universal and Universal IBM CU) ZIP ZIP URLDEV_ XXXXX .ZIP Table
Short parity-group-id parity-group-id Short parity-group-id parity-group-id the Universal Platform V/VM Performance this when to statistics about rates, which displayed the Physical of the Performance statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, You the Short or option to the of the to exported. If specify Short the statistics to If specify the statistics to three months to If neither Short specified, statistics both the and exported. specify parity-group-id the of whose to exported. parity-group-id ID. The from to that the parity-group-id the of the than the parity-group-id the right of the Also, If parity-group-id specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about which displayed the Physical of the Performance statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, You the Short or option to the of the to exported. If Short the statistics to If specify the statistics to three months to If neither Short specified, statistics both the and exported. specify parity-group-id the of whose to exported. parity-group-id ID. The from to that the parity-group-id the of the than the parity-group-id the right of the specify Also, specify specify
the If parity-group-id specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about which displayed the Physical of the Performance statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, Table the of whose to exported. ID of group. The E1-1:E1-5 from E1-1 to E1-5. that the the of the than the the right of the specify E1-1:E1-5 specify E1-5:E1-1 Also, E1-5:E2-1 specify E2-1:E1-5 If specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about which the Physical of the Performance statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, the of whose to exported. ID of group. The E1-1:E1-5 from E1-1 to E1-5. that the the of the than the the right of the specify E1-1:E1-5 E1-5:E1-1 Also, specify E1-5:E2-1 E2-1:E1-5 If specified, the of the exported. Short this when to the following statistics, which the Physical of the Performance rates of rates of rates of recovery and reconstruction Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Short the Universal Platform V/VM Performance statistics exported to ZIP the the statistics this operand, Table You the Short or option to the of the to exported. If Short the statistics to If the exported statistics to three months to If neither Short specified, statistics both the and exported. this when to the following statistics, which displayed the Physical of the Performance rates of and cache rates of and cache rates of and the memory rates of and the memory rates of cache switches and cache rates statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, You the Short or option to the of the to exported. If specify Short the statistics to If the statistics to three months to If neither Short specified, statistics both the and exported.
the PG parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id this when to statistics about or V-VOL which displayed the LDEV of the Performance statistics exported to ZIP the the statistics this operand, Table specify parity-group-id or V-VOL-group-id the of or V-VOL whose to exported. parity-group-id ID. ID of group. V-VOL ID. The from to E1-1:E1-5 from E1-1 to E1-5. V1-1:V5-1 V-VOL from V1-1 to V5-1 X1-1:X5-1 V-VOL from X1-1 to X5-1 that the parity-group-id or the of the than the parity-group-id or V-VOL-group-id the right of the specify PG specify PG Also, PG specify PG If neither of parity-group-id specified, the of the and V- VOL exported. LDEV parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id parity-group-id|V-VOL-group-id this when to statistics about which displayed the LDEV of the Performance statistics exported to ZIP ZIP whose with LDEV_ the statistics this operand, Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the Platform V/VM Performance Table specify parity-group-id or V-VOL-group-id the of or V-VOL whose to exported. parity-group-id ID. ID of group. V-VOL ID. The from to E1-1:E1-5 from E1-1 to E1-5. V1-1:V5-1 V-VOL from V1-1 to V5-1 X1-1:X5-1 V-VOL from X1-1 to X5-1 that the parity-group-id or the of the than the parity-group-id or V-VOL-group-id the right of the specify LDEV LDEV Also, LDEV specify LDEV If neither of parity-group-id V-VOL-group-id specified, the of the (including and V-VOL exported. this when to statistics, which the of the Performance statistics ZIP the the statistics this operand,
the Table specify the of whose to exported. The from to that the the of the than the the right of the The CL1-A and the The following which than which CL1-A CL1-B CL2-A CL2-B CL3-b CL4- specify CL1-C:CL2-A CL2-A:CL1-C Also, specify specify If specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about (WWNs) connected to which the of the Performance statistics ZIP the the statistics exported this operand, Table the of whose to exported. The from to that the the of the than the the right of the The CL1-A and the The following which than which CL1-A CL1-B CL2-A CL2-B CL3-b CL4- CL1-C:CL2-A specify CL2-A:CL1-C Also, specify specify If specified, the of the exported. LU host-group-id host-group-id this when to statistics about LU which displayed the of the Performance statistics ZIP the the statistics this operand, Universal Platform V/VM Performance
PPCG SPM-group-name SPM-group-name the Platform V/VM Performance Table specify host-group-id the of LU whose to exported. host-group-id the ID of (that The ID The CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 the from the of the CL1-C to the of the CL1-C that the the of the than the the right of the The CL1-A and the The following which than which CL1-A CL1-B CL2-A CL2-B CL3-b CL4- specify LU CL1-C.01:CL2-A.01 specify LU CL2-A.01:CL1-C.01 Also, LU CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 LU CL1-C.03:CL1-C.01 If host-group-id specified, the of the LU exported. this when to statistics about SPM which the WWN of the Performance statistics ZIP the the statistics exported this operand, Table SPM-group-name the of SPM whose to exported. SPM-group-name the of SPM group. If the includes non-alphanumeric character, the The of SPM from to that the SPM-group-name the of the than the SPM-group-name the right of the than and lowercase than the following that the and the right: Cancer RAID RAID5 of whether specify or SPM the CSV statistics about that to SPM The CSV the heading Not Grouped to statistics about these If SPM-group-name specified, the of the SPM exported.
the PPCGWWN SPM-group-name SPM-group-name this when to statistics about (WWNs) to SPM which the WWN of the Performance statistics exported ZIP the the statistics exported this operand, Universal Platform V/VM Performance
RemoteCopy RCLU host-group-id host-group-id the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Table specify SPM-group-name the of SPM whose to exported. SPM-group-name the of SPM group. If the includes character, the The of SPM from to that the SPM-group-name the of the than the SPM-group-name the right of the than and lowercase than the following that the and the right: Cancer RAID RAID5 If SPM-group-name specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about operations which displayed the TC and the this operand, about operations and IBM the whole statistics to ZIP the RemoteCopy_dat.ZIP. the statistics this operand, Table this when to statistics about operations which the TC and the this operand, about operations and IBM each (LU). statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, specify host-group-id the of LU whose to exported. host-group-id the ID of group. The ID The CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 the from the of the CL1-C to the of the CL1-C that the the of the than the the right of the The CL1-A and the The following which than which CL1-A CL1-B CL2-A CL2-B CL3-b CL4-
the RCLU CL1-C.01:CL2-A.01 RCLU CL2-A.01:CL1-C.01 Also, RCLU CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 specify RCLU CL1-C.03:CL1-C.01 If host-group-id specified, the of the exported. RCLDEV this when to statistics about operations which displayed the TC and the this operand, about operations and IBM each CU. statistics to ZIP ZIP whose with RCLDEV_ the statistics this operand, Platform V/VM Performance
RCCLPR this when to statistics about operations which the TC and the using this operand, about operations and IBM each CLPR. statistics to ZIP the the statistics exported this operand, Table SLPR, and CLPR. If there that SLPR0 to CLPR0, and CLPR2) and SLPR1 to CLPR1), those CLPRs as follows: CLPR0,CLPR2,CLPR1 URJNL JNL-group-id JNL-group-id the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Table the of that the whose to exported. ID of LDKC:CU. The from to that the the of the than the the right of the specify RCLDEV RCLDEV If specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about operations which displayed the UR and the this operand, about operations Universal and IBM the whole statistics to ZIP the UniversalReplicator.ZIP. the statistics exported this operand, Table this when to statistics about operations which the UR and the this operand, about operations and Universal IBM each group. statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, JNL-group-id the of whose to exported. JNL-group-id The from to
the that the JNL-group-id the of the than the JNL-group-id the right of the URJNL specify URJNL If JNL-group-id specified, the of the exported. URLU host-group-id host-group-id this when to statistics about operations which the UR and the using this operand, about operations and Universal IBM each statistics to ZIP the the statistics this operand, Universal Platform V/VM Performance
URLDEV The following statistics about and SPM PPCG the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Table host-group-id the of LU whose to exported. host-group-id the ID of group. The ID The CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 the from the of the CL1-C to the of the CL1-C that the the of the than the the right of the The CL1-A and the The following which than which CL1-A CL1-B CL2-A CL2-B CL3-b CL4- specify URLU CL1-C.01:CL2-A.01 URLU CL2-A.01:CL1-C.01 Also, specify URLU CL1-C.01:CL1-C.03 specify URLU CL1-C.03:CL1-C.01 If host-group-id specified, the of the exported. this when to statistics about operations which the UR and the this operand, about operations Universal and IBM each CU. statistics to ZIP ZIP whose with URLDEV_ the statistics this operand, Table specify the of that the whose to exported. ID of LDKC:CU. The from to that the the of the than the the right of the specify URLDEV specify URLDEV If specified, the of the exported.
the The following statistics about three (CL1-A, CL1-B, and CL1-C): CL1-A:CL1-C The following statistics about (CL1-A to CL1-C, and CL2-A to CL2-C) CL1-A:CL1-C CL2-A:CL2-C The following statistics about the PG The following statistics about the and other whose ID than and PG The following statistics about the E1- to E1-5: PG E1-1:E1-5 The following statistics about the and other whose ID than and LDEV:1-3 The following statistics about LU the ID the CL1-A LU CL1-A.01:CL1-A.01 Universal Platform V/VM Performance
short-range Subcommand short-range The short-range subcommand to of to exported this subcommand when to the within the The short-range subcommand The the displayed the following The Performance with selecting short-range as the The TC and The UR and the items Therefore, the short-range subcommand whichever specify to the subcommand. If the without specifying the short-range subcommand, the the whole exported. The subcommand the short-range subcommand The the of the the of the The the right of the the of the Specify the within Short From XXX To XXX which the subcommand. If specified the of the the collecting assumed. If specified the right of the the collecting assumed. The and the the Performance the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
the Starting and Collecting the the month, and the the hour and the If the of the the collecting assumed. If the right of the the collecting assumed. to specified. to the collecting Subtracts from specified. Subtracts from the collecting If the of the the or right of the of the the that the of the If this to the the of the the than the If this to the the right of the the than the The following the If the the the the right and the The the to the of the of The the right the of the of Platform V/VM Performance Starting collecting statistics collecting statistics
The below that: the collecting the collecting short-range short-range shortrange:200601011730 short-range short-range shortrange:+0001 shortrange:-0001 short-range short-range the Universal Platform V/VM Performance If the the the the right and the The the to the of the of The the right to of the reason. The within the of The within the of to The within the of The within the of to The within the of to The within the of The within the of The within the of The within the of
the short-range The within the of short-range The within the of to Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Subcommand The subcommand to of to this subcommand when to the within the The subcommand The the displayed the Physical of the Performance with selecting as the The items whose shows the items to which the subcommand applied, and shows the to those items. Table Items To Which the Subcommand Can statistics about statistics about statistics about and recovery and reconstruction statistics about and write If the without specifying the subcommand, the the whole exported. The subcommand the subcommand The the of the the of the The the right of the the of the Specify the within From XXX To XXX which the subcommand. the Universal Platform V/VM Performance of the subcommand
the If specified the of the the collecting assumed. If specified the right of the the collecting assumed. The and the the Performance Starting and Collecting the the month, and the the hour and the If the of the the collecting assumed. If the right of the the collecting assumed. to specified. to the collecting Subtracts from specified. Subtracts from the collecting that or If specify this the the of the rounded to of the four Also, the the right of the rounded to of the four specify the specified as Platform V/VM Performance Starting collecting statistics collecting statistics
The below that: the collecting the collecting the Universal Platform V/VM Performance The within the of The within the of to The within the of The within the of to The within the of to The within the of The within the of The within the of The within the of The within the of
the The within the of to Universal Platform V/VM Performance
outpath Subcommand outpath The outpath subcommand the directory to which exported. The following the directory C:\Project\out outpath "C:\\Project\\out" The following the directory the directory: outpath the Universal Platform V/VM Performance the directory which If the directory includes non-alphanumeric character, the directory If to specify back the character the back such as If the specified directory this subcommand directory that the specified If this the directory assumed.
option Subcommand the option clear noclear The option subcommand the following: whether to ZIP whether to overwrite or existing and when The below whether to CSV ZIP If of these specified, assumed: ZIP To CSV of ZIP to the ZIP ZIP and CSV The three below specify whether to overwrite or existing or directory when the If of these specified, assumed: that whether to existing or clear existing and and then noclear existing and The following CSV ZIP option Platform V/VM Performance
apply Subcommand apply The apply subcommand specified the subcommand The subcommand the apply The apply subcommand nothing the subcommand The the subcommand when the apply subcommand finishes. subcommand switch off The subcommand or the or collecting performance statistics). The subcommand the gathering of collecting statistics) If to the subcommand, the subcommand Subcommand) to to the SVP. that the subcommand immediately the finishes. the subcommand the following other user the SVP operations the SVP. If the following: that the users who the SVP If the user to switch to operations the SVP, that the subcommand the Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Notes: batch include that should when information about writing such batch to Notes the the subcommand or the or the gathering the Performance started, the the Performance with the subcommand operation. To the the Performance and then Refresh the of the If the specified gathering the previously gathered the switch off To specify the gathering of collecting statistics) of Specify and the gathering Performance The gathering to To off If this the subcommand or The following statistics and then short-range apply switch=off The following operations. The switch=10 Platform V/VM Performance
Subcommand The subcommand displays the subcommands. If to the It recommended that batch and that exclusively the information, to below. this and batch created the directory Command Batch -classpath Dmd.command=cmdHelp.txt -Dmd.logpath=log the the this batch the of this of the following to the Double-click with the to the directory the or and then the Command Exporting -classpath class-path property- This the To the write this command and then the batch the Platform V/VM Performance
the class-path the to the of the The property-parameters You specify the following At least specify Dmd.command -Dhttp.proxyHost= host-name-of-proxy-host, or -Dhttp.proxyHost= IP-address-of-proxy-host the or the IP of host. You this the that the with the SVP host. -Dhttp.proxyPort= port-number-of-proxy-host the of host. You specify this the that the with the SVP host. memory-size(bytes) the of memory to JRE when the executed. You specify this The memory as shown the this section. If memory than the recommended memory of PC, memory, the If memory than the recommended memory of PC, memory than as shown the to lowering of memory -Dmd.command= path-to-command-file the to the -Dmd.logpath= path-to-log-file the to created whenever the If this the directory. name-of-log-file the of the If this when the the information about Platform V/VM Performance
The following that the the with the SVP host. this the of the Jupiter and the of the -classpath -Dhttp.proxyHost=Jupiter -Dhttp.proxyPort=8080 -Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log the following created the directory below the directory when the -classpath Dmd.command=command.txt -Dmd.logpath=log the the the of the Platform V/VM Performance
of the If the of CSV than the following of of The the The that Performance to CSV includes reasons The the The that Performance to CSV includes the following reason: The the The that Performance to CSV includes the following reason: Universal Platform V/VM Performance Performance attempted to statistics when operation the Performance attempted to statistics when heavy the There group. the CUs to the to that or software or about the and Table If selected to Switch the and specified as the gathering the the when Performance If the CU specified as the gathering and collected the as the the CU If IOPS the that included the WWNs, or IOPS the becomes If the the that with the match the collecting the the If of SVP updated while the collected, the collected the
The the the CU the Performance CSV includes from the CU. the Universal Platform V/VM Performance of If the PG, LDEV, LU, RCLU, RCLDEV, URLU, or URLDEV specified, the of the To this specify the CU as the the of Performance the specifying the CU as the and Table If the RemoteCopy, or URJNL specified, the the though the CU the this CUs and the CSV
Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting information Performance Priority and troubleshooting information the and Troubleshooting Performance Troubleshooting Priority Troubleshooting the Calling the Universal Platform V/VM Performance Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Performance the WWN of displayed the tree of the WWN of While Performance I/O and the become the higher to I/O than processing. If that the Gathering option located the to to and The of the LDEV and WWN to Although Switch to the updated: Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Performance The (HBA) whose WWN displayed connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and should that the HBAs and monitored. the HBAs and Ports. the of SVP the might updated. Switch to and Switch to
Troubleshooting Priority Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting the WWN of the lower-left tree of the WWN the (HBA) whose WWN displayed connected to or the the HBA and of the Performance established HBAs and that the HBAs and monitored. the HBAs and Ports. Table with the and to the Table Troubleshooting the and Recommended Action You the batch The to the might the PATH If this that to the PATH information about to to the to the operating The and the The of the processing, the the The information to updated anymore. Universal Platform V/VM Performance incorrect of (JRE) might To the JRE the following the or the UNIX If the incorrect, the of JRE. The might The command the when the To to the and then the <ESC> If timeout of RMI the and when the timeout. The ID If memory specified batch the Memory JRE, the might and the might Confirm whether the memory or
and the If the ID the user forcibly off and the because the to the SVP. The the slow. Confirm whether using that supported, or whether the the If the the The the of CSV includes the terminated abnormally to the of shown as UnmarshalException the CSV the ID and ID displayed as following: The IDs displayed as The IDs with the with specified, the terminated abnormally while gathering If when the issued to the output the command and the Table the and recommended actions Troubleshooting Platform V/VM Performance and Recommended Action If the ID and internal the Alternatively, another user while and then the operations the the operations and then the If the ID of the It of DKCMAIN/SVP and Confirm whether of these correct. To CSV correctly, to following operations: Microsoft On the and Text and specify CSV to The Text of the Text of Next Text of the Text of only the and Next The Text of displayed the Text of of and Text the the right of this Click The CSV displayed. too specified, timeout might occurred to heavy the where the The ID Specify It recommended that the of to specified or
Troubleshooting Table the and Recommended Action to the to the established. the established. subcommand. character: character character used. characters. length: The Specify that length. The specified Specify the The specified Specify to the SVP The specified. Specify the of the correctly. specified the subcommand. Specify the subcommand. specified. Specify directory directory specified Specify the directory The the ID, which to the SVP. Specify the The subcommand used. the command. Specify the ID The the ID, which to the SVP. Specify the ID. of The the Universal Platform V/VM Performance incorrect the subcommand. incorrect the subcommand. The specified ID another and the currently the Performance users currently the If the or of the following: of the to another of the users to off. of the users to the If the short-range subcommand or the subcommand used, specify within the from the to the If the subcommand with the switch operand, specify within the of to
The ID the RMI the RMI information, the The the to to to The the to to The SVP to The the the of the correctly. to the command: The specified subcommand command as to the The specified of the subcommand because as Unknown host: The the the Unsupported command: command The the specified command. Specify command. Unsupported operand: The specified supported. Correct the specified operand. Unsupported option: option The specified option supported. Correct the specified option. What You selected "action". OK? Specify the following subcommand The subcommand written incorrect subcommand: the command Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Performance and Recommended Action The ID to least of Performance IBM Universal and IBM If to clear the the If to overwrite the the If to the operation, the appears and whether to the specified action. To the specified action, the To the specified action, the the subcommand the subcommand.
Troubleshooting and Recommended Action gathering gathering the the and then the Universal Platform V/VM Performance The collecting specified the subcommand. The of and the to below). The collecting that the and the the following PG The displays the which that the subcommand and that the of the the command to whether
Calling the If to the please as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of displayed the The (or other) displayed the The USP V/VM information using the FD the The service information the and the reference and severity of the The hours/day, If technical please United States: the United States: Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Performance
and Abbreviations Acronyms-1 and ACP CCI interface CHA CHP CLPR cache CSW cache switch CU CV DASD DFW DASD fast write DKA DKCMAIN DKP DRR recovery and reconstruction ESCON (IBM GB Capacity HBA HDD JRE KB Convention Capacity LAN LDEV LDKC LU LUN LUSE LU MB Capacity NSC network NVS PB Convention Capacity Universal Platform V/VM Performance
PC PDEV physical PSUE PSUS suspended-split P-VOL RAID of SIM service information SLPR SM shared memory SMPL SPM Priority S-VOL secondary SVP service TB Capacity TC IBM UR USP Universal Platform VLL LVI/LUN V-VOL (Snapshot WWN Acronyms-2 and Universal Platform V/VM Performance
path, C CHA. to CHP. to recovery and reconstruction DKA. to DKP. to DRR. to recovery and reconstruction HBA. to I/O WWN, group, Performance Index-1 Platform V/VM Performance WWN, SPM group, SPM threshold, threshold write write write
Index-2 Universal Platform V/VM Performance
Platform V/VM Performance
Corporate Expressway California U.S.A. Phone: www.hds.com and Americas Expressway California U.S.A. Phone: Headquarters Sefton Buckinghamshire SL2 4HD United MK-96RD617-08