C
GENERAL OPERATIONAL PRECAUTIONS clean. and Dont and to Dont and charger or locations. and charger or and charger of or children should from and and charger should high or of reach of and charger where the than 40C. Dont force It the and the which right Dont force or to the of heavy Wear wear clothing or They caught and footwear recommended when protection with or operation dusty. Dont cord. or to from from heat, and or to Its than using hand and frees both to Dont overreach. footing and with and and performance. Follow instructions and the or when and inspected, its from the AC wrenches and wrenches. of to that wrenches from turning Dont with switch. To the specified only HITACHI other than those specified the To the or recommended these instructions or the HITACHI If the of this charger the charger to the HITACHI authorized service the to replaced. only the authorized service the The or caused the unauthorized or of the To the of and covers or screws. the charger the specified the or the charge the other than that specified. rechargeable other than that specified or to the that the from or DC supply. charge the charger and heat slightly charge the to sunlight; where the and the high to the below to there people below. the assembly this instructions authorized servicing. PRECAUTIONS ON USING CORDLESS CIRCULAR SAW charge the of 40C. of than 0C charging which The higher than 40C. The charging that of 25C. charging completed, the charger about the charging of battery. charge than consecutively. allow to the connecting the rechargeable battery. the rechargeable and short-circuit the rechargeable battery. Short- the and overheat. It burn or to the battery. of the fire. If the burnt, using this continuously, the overheat, leading to the and switch. Please without approximately the of the or the charger shock or the Bring the to the from which purchased as as the post-charging becomes too of the exhausted battery. Wear to ears operation. the of the firmly. the counterforce and operation. which or cracked. of high which comply with the characteristics specified these instructions. the the the that the cover smoothly and freely. the with its cover the that the retraction of the operates correctly.
The thinner than the and the of or (with than the thickness of the knife. the with the turned or the that the of such as The should when the of the The should from to of This that when the switch released. there when the to the securely. the where the floated from the or when reason, release the and the motionless the the to to the from the or the while the motion or KICKBACK and corrective actions to the of to the of pinching and KICKBACK. to their Supports the both the of and the of the as shown To the of pinching and SPECIFICATIONS POWER TOOL C6DD Capacity battery, 18V Light 12V, 5W CHARGER UC24YFA Charging 24V the resting of the the the rested the and the off. when existing or other areas. The that KICKBACK. NEVER or the If the easily backwards hand, possibly causing injury. WARNING: It to the properly and to the to of which typical of the the of the that of the which supported, the section that off when the the RIGHT to off the of board, and the WRONG If the or DONT TRY TO HOLD SHORT PLACES BY HAND! to with the This and to serious the becomes ineffective, the with ones.
STANDARD ACCESSORIES C6DD (mounted Wrench Charger (UC24YFA) to without OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES separately) Battery (EB1814, EB18B, EB1820, EB1830H) of of Teeth Washer (A) .of of of Collector (D) the suction hose to with the Optional to charge without APPLICATION of BATTERY REMOVAL/INSTALLATION Battery the tightly and the latches to the CAUTION short-circuit the battery. Battery the battery while its CHARGING the charge the as follows. the to the connected, the chargers red. (At the the the the charger the of the charger and the as shown CAUTION If the the recharging become the charger such as recharging Charging the charging and the light continuously red. the becomes recharged, the red. (At The indications of the as shown to the of the charger or the rechargeable battery.
Table (RED) charging While charging Lights (RED) (RED) Charging Charging (RED) Lights (GREEN) Charging the of the rechargeable battery. The rechargeable as shown the below, and that become should cooled while recharged. of which the recharged EB1814. EB18B. EB1820 5C 60C EB1830H 0C 45C recharging the of the charger and batteries, the charging become as shown Table Charging (At 20C) Charger UC24YFA Battery EB1814 EB18B, EB1820 EB1830H NOTE The charging to and the from the the and the battery. NOTE operation, from the charger first, and then the properly. Indications of the Lights seconds. light seconds. (off seconds) Lights continuously Lights seconds. light seconds. (off seconds) Lights seconds. light seconds. (off seconds) Lights continuously of the internal of and that activated, the might when them the first and This temporary phenomenon, and recharging recharging the to the the they become completely exhausted. that the of the becomes using the and recharge its battery. If to the and the the and its become shorter. recharging high rechargeable immediately If such recharged immediately its internal and the shortened. the and recharge cooled while. CAUTION If the while heated location to sunlight or the used, the of the charger lights such first the cool, then the and the If there that the or charger malfunctioning. to authorized Service the built-in about seconds to that the with UC24YFA of seconds to charging. Malfunction the or the The high, recharging
If the within seconds, the properly charged. PRIOR TO OPERATION and the the following the the the of the the when If as ground to properly operation. CAUTION To that the of securely anchored or ADJUSTING THE SAW PRIOR TO USE CAUTION the shown the with while the with the other. The the to the such the and then securely the the the head to the knife, the to the shown and securely the the of shown (A) (B) the the and the wing-bolt the base, the to of relation to the base. completed the that the and the NOTE: of the inclined the as rough operation the the the and the with the On the to of the fixing of the where the and the to the shipped from the factory, the of front the with the of the the screw the should the fixing and of the NOTE: the of that the notch the and the become the The the to the or right its wingbolt. The mounted the right or of the HOW TO USE of switch (switch and light switch) operation of the switch lock the of If the switch pulled where switch lock the of the arrow the switch turned ON. the switch as the light switch. If the switch (light switch) the light turned ON. the switch turned ON, when release from the switch lock, the and the light turned ON as as the switch If release the switch OFF the switch and the switch to the and the light OFF CAUTION: and the switch off the switch when the around. the switch turned ON, the light ON operation only. If ON other the switch turned ON, If the as with the there where the [switch lock] touches the and/or and lights continuously, the of the lighting easily about hours. Cutting procedures CAUTION: that the securely clamped. Confirm that the the depth, the and the wing the of the the then the and the with the front section the front of the base. the the as the 18(A) If the the front as the 18(B) that the switch turned to the ON the with the The switch ON when the and OFF when the released. the straight
CAUTIONS to that the reached Should the or operation, off the switch immediately. finished with the from the and forcibly the the to straight quietly. the where the continuously operated while the with another, the to overheat. Therefore, whenever the housing becomes the while. where the from the the locked. MOUNTING AND DISMOUNTING THE SAW BLADE CAUTION To serious the switch the OFF and the battery. Dismounting the the and the as shown the the and the hexagonal-head and washer (B) with the wrench. While holding the cover to the cover retracted the cover, the Mounting the CAUTION: If the using other than the wrench, and Thoroughly which the and washers. shown the of Washer (A) with the as the of the and the of Washer (B) to the Washer (A) of with the of and the type of washer (A) the of to that of washer (A), please the where purchased the To of the the arrow the with the arrow the cover. the the the as as Then the the and thoroughly the hexagonal-head CAUTION attached the that the the REPLACING LIGHT BULB CAUTION: absolutely that the from the the light Immediately the light turned OFF, the high to the light thoroughly it as to burns. the light the of as as the rating V, W), and then mounting. the light off and/or overheat. light the of the light cover from the of the cover, and then the light cover the arrow-marked as shown the back of the and the and the light together from the cover the light from the light procedures that to the NOTE: attaching the light to the the light lightly the attaching the to the cover, the with the of housing while the back of the shown and the lightly the cover. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION CAUTION: inspection or Inspecting the of efficiency and malfunction, or the as as noted. CAUTION: If used, reactive force increased operation. the of the without Inspecting the mounting screws: inspect mounting screws and that they properly tightened. Should of the screws them immediately. to serious of the The the "heart" of the to the become and/or with or Inspecting the The which Since and the with when becomes to or the "wear clean and that they freely whthin the
NOTE: the with to the the first the and then the of the with head screw as shown the choose the that the of the with the the Then with as illustrated Lastly, the CAUTION: to the of the the the (You whichever of the provided.) this operation the of the and early Performance and of cover the cover smooth performance to of malfunction. the and to The the and the to however should this reason, the following Turn the and the and Apply to the and the and turning the screw with slotted-head screwdriver, the of the to the right with or cloth with bleach, or thinner, they the plastics. below 40C and of the reach of Service and repairs eventually servicing or of of wear from To that used, service and repairs HITACHI AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER, ONLY. Service Item C Used CAUTION: and inspection of Authorized Service This helpful with the to the Authorized Service when or other the and of the and each country MODIFICATIONS: constantly and to incorporate the Accordingly, and/or without NOTE to of research and the specifications to without
608VVC2PS2L EB1830H EB1820 13MM M6 C UC24YFA 608-VVM 6001VVCMPS2L 6003VVCMPS2L 165MM-D30 165MM-D16 D30 D16 M8 C 600-1VV 600-3VV
C99104221 Printed