Platform Platform VM AST IND INKS Product MK-96RD621-08
Universal Platform V/VM Copyright Corporation, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Notice: of this or or or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or or without the written of Corporation to as the right to to this without and responsibility its products and services the terms and of of the features this currently to the or office information and This the information the of publication. and/or revised information becomes this updated and to users. the and and service of The of Hi-Command, Provisioning, and or of other or or or service of and to products or services of their respective owners.
This instructions and the the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM Please this to to this and reference This includes the following information: Product Revision this Revision Referenced Convention Notice: The of and other products the terms of with Universal Platform V/VM
This and Authorized Service who configuring, and operating the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM This the following: The background and RAID and their The user with the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM and the Universal Platform and Universal Platform VM and Reference Product This to USP V/VM and higher. Revision MK-96RD621-01 Initial release MK-96RD621-02 July, Revision and MK-96RD621-01 MK-96RD621-03 Revision and MK-96RD621-02 MK-96RD621-04 Revision and MK-96RD621-03 MK-96RD621-05 January, Revision and MK-96RD621-04 MK-96RD621-06 March Revision and MK-96RD621-05 MK-96RD621-07 Revision and MK-96RD621-06 MK-96RD621-08 Revision and MK-96RD621-07 Source this Revision Universal Platform V/VM Revision
This Revision and Navigation). Firewall). about the Timeout option Updated information Accessing Updated to and Conditions and Recommended Actions. throughout this to Migration The following of the and of this Click the chapter title the to to that chapter. The first of each chapter to the sections that chapter. Chapter Chapter About of the Operations and Procedures the the of the GUI. GUI Performing Operations Chapter the to command interface CLI commands. Chapter Troubleshooting to troubleshoot with the and the and this Index the topics this alphabetical Platform V/VM the and the to operations.
Referenced Universal Platform V/VM: Audit and Reference MK-96RD606 MK-96RD609 Compatible Mirroring IBM FlashCopy MK-96RD614 Compatible PAV IBM MK-96RD608 Compatible Replication IBM XRC MK-96RD610 Copy-on-Write Snapshot MK-96RD607 MK-96RD611 MK-96RD612 MK-96RD641 LUN MK-96RD616 LUN MK-96RD615 MK-98RD6713 Performance MK-96RD617 MK-96RD618 IBM MK-96RD619 SNMP and Reference MK-96RD620 MK-96RD613 MK-96RD622 IBM MK-96RD623 Universal MK-96RD624 Universal IBM MK-96RD625 MK-96RD626 LVI/LUN and MK-96RD630 MK-96RD629 Retention MK-96RD627 Security MK-96RD628 Universal Platform V/VM
The terms Universal Platform V and USP V to of the Universal Platform V, otherwise noted. The Universal Platform VM and USP VM to of the Universal Platform VM, otherwise noted. This the following typographic Indicates text other than the title, including buttons, and Click OK Indicates which the or Indicates text that or the Indicates which text the or <group> Indicates optional that choose or nothing. Indicates or expected that choose or Indicates that choice or options or Indicates the This the following to to information: to and/or information. helpful information, or effectively. Warns the of and/or operations). WARNING Warns the of and/or operations). Platform V/VM to to that choose or that choose or
Convention Capacity Physical capacity) based the following capacity capacity) based the following If to the to as information about the as including: The surrounding the or The of the The the CCI and the HORCM_LOG directory). The service information including reference and severity and/or the host. The hours/day, If technical please United States: the United States: Universal Platform V/VM KB MB GB TB PB KB MB GB TB PB
Please this to include the title, and revision. Please to section(s) and whenever Technical M/S Ranch CA Thank become the property of Corporation.) Universal Platform V/VM
Platform V/VM
About Operations About Operations This chapter of the of of of Operations of SSL-Encrypted Terms and Concepts Platform V/VM
of The Platform and Platform VM to as USP V/VM) to the This section the the The service (SVP) that The the SVP to and information, and commands to the The consists of of that the (JVM). The SVP as the JVM, while the as The that the The with the (LAN). The interfaces the and the SVP graphical interface (GUI) and interface (CLI). GUI The GUI allows to operations the using the displayed The SVP that function as the Each the and to the SVP, from the SVP to the The USP V/VM to The USP LAN LAN that to the of LAN that allows to or from computers. This allows to easily and the SAN where connected together, SVP, which SVP connected to or with the as SVP Starting and The following shows of and SVP About Operations Platform V/VM
The of the software and other products the terms of with CLI About Operations Application Information information (JVM) of and SVP The Command Interface (CLI) allows to commands the using the To the CLI, to the The of the CLI to operations of products. the CLI, the CLI. to the following operations: the information You You the and the LDEV information the Information Information Platform V/VM SVP LAN Download HTTPD Application RMI (JVM) LAN LAN
options and security Gather information troubleshooting About Operations Universal Platform V/VM You the mounted of the the You the specified of the LUN, the LDEV, and the the Information which from the Information You remotely options and to the the about USP V/VM options. instructions and instructions the Option. You the of options to spreadsheet or together spreadsheet of Operations). You specify the property of SNMP to the SVP the SNMP and Reference You the built-in cache memory or the You accounts of and the authority to each account Access You the of user accounts and the with the You to unauthorized the You the which the history of You the the and the SVP of SSL-Encrypted You the history of the You Downloading Trace the FD You back and the information of Download and
Access About Operations To first account. The account of the following information. ID type authority account of ID initially the authority of and options to the account. You the user account. You to accounts including the account You to ID, type and when account. authority each user account. To the account, or to authority, the Account further information the of the account and of the authority Account The following sections the user and the authorities. of and You the type when the account. The operating of the the type, as below. the the -related operations of and the CLI commands. The account, which the account, of (SLPR) allocated the -related operations of and the CLI commands. of further information SLPR or of the options that to the Universal Platform V/VM
Authority ID and when account, of authorities account. the authority might The of operation authorities that to each account as follows. Account account operation authority) operation authority) About Operations Platform V/VM Account the authority to the that accounts. their and the of of their accounts. to the of another account, or of of other user account, the authority of the account You the account that the account of ID each account, the following three of account authority: If this authority, and accounts and the the ID The account of ID the account they the authority Account the account of ID If this authority, the operation authority of user accounts. You and the accounts. You or of other accounts. and the authorities account. the authority to the and to the operation. You the the account. each account, the following three of authority: If this authority, the and the FTP and manually the the You the and the using the The operation authority the account of user ID
About Operations If this authority, the You the the or the Audit and the using the allowed to the of the and the Audit You manually the using the You operation authority the You the button, the and the operation authority) the authority to the operation, the operation using options and the operations of each account, the following of authority: You authority to the operations, the operations using options and the operations the the accounts which the authority to to the of the authority each option. The authority the user account of ID and that account authority the operations of options. You authority to the operations, the operations options and operations. the authority each function, the authority might the authority of the authority each function authority each function You the operation authority or each function the To the authority of each account, the each account, the following of authority. You the operations of each function. You the each function. the operation. Platform V/VM
The with the SVP. This information the which includes information such as IP or and location. Editing the You the the URL of the SVP which includes IP of of the SVP. If to specify instead of IP to the SVP of The Audit function allows to the and to The to when incorrect or when the You the by: You with to the The that the as the to The that the as the to FTP The following shows of the operations. About Operations Universal Platform V/VM the to FTP the to Downloading the to the
About Operations SVP of the Operations You to FTP or connecting these through the LAN to the SVP of the of FTP and connected to the SVP. The first FTP or The secondary FTP or secondary The the SVP. from the when the of of reaches If FTP the to the FTP when the of the reaches the threshold. If the to the To the to using the or the Please the Reference to each Universal Platform V/VM LAN Downloading and FTP Secondary FTP Secondary
of Operations The to or batch to the of options, or spreadsheet software to (spreadsheet and apply the to the You apply the spreadsheet to and the the spreadsheet when offline. to apply spreadsheet to the the products. The following shows products spreadsheets and to apply spreadsheet. Table Products Supporting Spreadsheets and to Apply Spreadsheet LUN The Universal IBM The CLI Universal further information, the each of SSL-Encrypted to security of operations from to SSL-encrypted SSL-encrypted the ID and to the encrypted, and higher of security the information the SSL-encrypted the Encrypted You to the SVP to Apache, which SSL, to SSL-encrypted The service the operation to the SVP to the SSL- Apache. About Operations Universal Platform V/VM Products Supporting Spreadsheets to Apply Spreadsheet
Terms and Concepts About Operations The should with the following and The USP V/VM that and operations. The USP V/VM to (CU) and 3990-6E, 2105-F20, and types. USP V/VM products, of CUs The and 2105-E20 supported. (LDKC). The USP V/VM CUs of This (LDKC). There LDKC the USP V/VM and the LDKC numbered One LDKC to CUs, however, CUs the USP V/VM Therefore, to the USP V/VM products. The of the the Parity group) of that treated as group. RAID-5 3D+1P consists of four and parity). both and information, and the information to the user of the the becomes LDEV The USP V/VM of to the USP V/VM products. LDEV LDEV (LVI). LDEV SCSI or (LU). to of the USP V/VM or products. LU LDEV LU. LU interface to or Platform V/VM
CU The USP V/VM of CUs from 00FF. Each CU to within the USP V/VM of CU (00-FF) and (00FF). of CU to to to to 0:FF 10:FF 20:FF 30:FF to to to to 1:FF 11:FF 21:FF 31:FF to to to to 2:FF 12:FF 22:FF 32:FF to to to to 3:FF 13:FF 23:FF 33:FF to to to to 4:FF 14:FF 24:FF 34:FF to to to to 5:FF 15:FF 25:FF 35:FF to to to to 6:FF 16:FF 26:FF 36:FF to to to to 7:FF 17:FF 27:FF 37:FF to to to to 8:FF 18:FF 28:FF 38:FF to to to to 9:FF 19:FF 29:FF 39:FF A:00 to 1A 1A:00 to 2A 2A:00 to 3A 3A:00 to A:FF 1A:FF 2A:FF 3A:FF B:00 to 1B 1B:00 to 2B 2B:00 to 3B 3B:00 to B:FF 1B:FF 2B:FF 3B:FF C C:00 to 1C 1C:00 to 2C 2C:00 to 3C 3C:00 to C:FF 1C:FF 2C:FF 3C:FF D:00 to 1D 1D:00 to 2D 2D:00 to 3D 3D:00 to D:FF 1D:FF 2D:FF 3D:FF E:00 to 1E 1E:00 to 2E 2E:00 to 3E 3E:00 to E:FF 1E:FF 2E:FF 3E:FF F:00 to 1F 1F:00 to 2F 2F:00 to 3F 3F:00 to F:FF 1F:FF 2F:FF 3F:FF About Operations Universal Platform V/VM the CU FF the Command Interface (CCI) operation. Therefore the CUs that the USP V/VM products operation to CU FE. This that the of CUs that the USP V/VM products operation LDKC the The following shows the of the CU. CU CU CU CU
About Operations The USP V/VM as and to the SVP, the from the SVP to the The the RMI invocation) RMI that allows the to remotely. the USP V/VM from the SVP. Universal Platform V/VM
About Operations Platform V/VM
and Procedures and Procedures This chapter the and Starting and Universal Platform V/VM
The USP V/VM downloaded from the SVP to the The the of the and with the attached USP V/VM the TCP/IP The USP V/VM software the following: USP V/VM computer(s). LAN and and other products. and Procedures Platform V/VM to of the type (such USP V). To to than to the SVP each of the and the the computers, the operating and UNIX the UNIX operating the to concurrently the Thinnet twisted-pair the The of the LAN than
and Procedures This section the the USP V/VM and the and (JRE) the operating Table Item (Service XP (Service or or (CPU) or Recommended: or Memory (RAM) MB or MB or GB or Recommended: GB Recommended: GB Recommended: GB MB or MB or MB or High-Color or or and You the You the You the wheel wheel Ethernet LAN TCP/IP 100BASE-T 1000BASE-T JRE as GB the memory. Universal Platform V/VM R2 or Recommended: or AMD64/EMT64 High-Color or or 100BASE-T 1000BASE-T TM or Recommended: or AMD64/EMT64 High-Color or or 100BASE-T 1000BASE-T
Supported and JRE (SP2) (SP3) XP (SP2) JRE (SP2) R2 Notes: AMD64/EMT64 as CPU, the of and the of JRE required. the SVP specify If JRE the the following of JRE the when and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM CPU AMD64/EMT64 AMD64/EMT64 AMD64/EMT64 JRE AMD64/EMT64 JRE or JRE JRE (SP2) JRE JRE (SP2) JRE JRE (SP2) JRE JRE (SP2) JRE JRE JRE JRE JRE JRE JRE
UNIX Table UNIX and Procedures This section the the USP V/VM and the and JRE the UNIX operating Item UNIX or HP-UX HP-UX or HP-UX AS and (CPU) II or 10AMD 64/EMT64T Memory (RAM) MB or MB or MB or Recommended: GB Recommended: GB Recommended: GB MB or MB or MB or or or or and You the You the You the wheel Ethernet LAN 100BASE-T TCP/IP 1000BASE-T Table Supported and UNIX JRE HP-UX RTE HP-UX HP-UX RTE AS AS the SVP specify Universal Platform V/VM HP-UX HP-UX PA-8000 or HP-UX 100BASE-T 1000BASE-T JRE JRE or (Recommended: or 100BASE-T 1000BASE-T JRE
The the SVP software and LAN the and IP of each USP V/VM, these operations. It to that IP each SVP, to conflicts. If the SVP IP of connected and IP the You the assigning IP the To to the USP V/VM SVP and the the to the of OS or to please to the browser. from To that the connected to LAN. supported. that the that NOT and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM from the of the browser, and then the Click Advanced the of the the Advanced as follows: the option Select First-party Select Third-party the allow option the option.
If the operating of firewall that and the SVP through these firewall and Procedures clear the the of the clear the Block the operating Download JRE from the If the connected to the JRE and then the to JRE the the to JRE, follow the instructions the JRE JRE successfully, the displayed the Please that the JRE the UNIX please that the the directory where JRE If JRE the JRE the when to On the browser, the and the information Editing the the URL of the and to the or of connecting and the SVP firewall, to them through the following TCP/IP to the firewall: FTP: HTTP: SNMP: SNMP RMI: RMI: (this (this Platform V/VM
the SVP If to the instead of IP to the SVP the URL of the to the and IP to the DNS or to them to the of the which the PC. the to the DNS or the as follows: DNS the IP and of the SVP to the DNS that the to which the SVP connected. Hosts the IP and of the SVP to the of the The directory of the as follows: You to DNS or the there the the If the the SSL-encrypted from the CA Authority), to the which to the as Common as the to the DNS or the the SSL-encrypted the Encrypted This section the procedures to each JRE You to to and to the when the Also, to when the updated, that To allow to the SVP HTTP, the browser. the the SVP the If the SVP as the of the that the the SVP. this the the as the and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM XP: UNIX:
JRE and Procedures JRE to and and To and the (TM) to the and the UNIX: of the following: the (TM) The of the following locations: <SDK directory>/jre/bin/ControlPanel <SDK directory>/bin/ControlPanel <JRE directory>/bin/ControlPanel or to the The of the following locations: <SDK directory>/jre/ControlPanel.html <JRE directory>/ControlPanel.html Click the to the Clear the Caching the If necessary, the the as the Click Apply Click to (TM) of (TM) Universal Platform V/VM
JRE or JRE To and the Click the Advanced of Double-click the the and the Click the of Click Temporary to the Temporary the following the Temporary Click OK to the Temporary If necessary, the the Network as the To this the of and the Network Click Apply Click OK to and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM to the and the UNIX: of the following: the The of the following locations: <SDK directory>/jre/bin/ControlPanel <SDK directory>/jre/ControlPanel <JDK directory>/jre/ControlPanel or to the The of the following locations: <SDK directory>/jre/ControlPanel.html <JDK directory>/ControlPanel.html JRE Select the Amount of to and JRE Clear temporary
and Procedures Advanced Temporary JRE Universal Platform V/VM
only and SVP. To only both and SVP to information to SVP, the Calling the If to both and apply the this section. this This section to when its operating or operating other operating please the of the operating Select the Network and and then Select and right-click that SVP, and the Click the Account appears. Clear the Click OK to the Installation and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM Temporary JRE To to only The displays of the selected
and Procedures To to the the following command. network-interface-name Universal Platform V/VM
On specify the the the of that to or the the Apply Table the text and the Table Text and Font Displayed Indicates that the the implemented. To the Apply Used Performance and Priority information, the Performance Used the function of LUN information, the LUN You and to or operations actually applying them to the To apply than The of when Apply Refresh If there the information the and the information that from the host, the information the the clock of the while the the SVP, and the If applying to the those applied. of than which to and the and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM and type Refresh the or when switch SVP updated. Therefore, the caused Refresh the completed. updated clicking Refresh the to the clock of the the Refresh the the information the
while using the or the Remote of Microsoft If and to restarting and Procedures internal the SVP change, option or information might temporarily If to the while another displayed. If the while or clicking Apply to and the operation. If the while switching and or switching then Refresh the and the operation. If of without (the the releases the and to You the timeout the released, the with the following clicking Apply Refresh Refresh the or buttons You information. the or IBM operation information the operation) (LDEV) this the and then Refresh the to the the automatically, should them while that the or hibernate while manually switch to or hibernate Also, the to or hibernate operation of If the or hibernate and then to to If software that function to the function. The function ID and the function of that users to Universal Platform V/VM the or Refresh the or
and Navigation Table and the and displayed the clicking the commands right-clicking the to and This noted the instructions each operation. You selecting the header of to You the wheel You the or operations. the arrow or the while when tree or selected. Instead, these only characters (ASCII text There including the following: Which and the and the options. further information, the sections or and to another location or might to the that location or If this and then You to or location where to to or location, warning displayed. To and the to of the Ctrl while the the group. and the To and the Ctrl to of to the Ctrl while and the to and the items selected. If this the operation. On the of the the and operation, this Troubleshooting troubleshooting and actions operations the and Procedures Platform V/VM
UNIX and Procedures the UNIX workstations, the following apply: You the The and of displayed from those If or becomes performance becomes the and with operations. the the of the the following commands the Shell: LANG=C LANG C Shell: LANG C the JRE UNIX workstations, the following commands the Shell: PATH=$PATH:[ JRE directory PATH C Shell: PATH ${PATH}:[ JRE directory Migration and Priority You and the Migration and Priority You the buttons instead. If the the when Migration or Priority these wholly or the the these clicking the This terminates the process. If to the process, the Migration or Priority to to the foreground. The the Migration and the Priority active Apply and the If the clicking Apply the Universal Platform V/VM
the UNIX workstations, and the LUN You the instead. the HP-UX workstations, of the while that wholly or the the the first. If the following operations necessary. the the first the following using the Select and then from the of The appears. Click the Advanced The Advanced appears Clear the encrypted to Click OK to the Advanced and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM the first operations only, the the of the Migration and the Priority This appear the third and operations.
and Procedures Advanced If of the URL of the SVP to the trusted with the following and then from the of The appears. Click the Security The Security appears Click Trusted Click The appears the URL of the SVP to the this to the Click Click to the Trusted Click OK to the Security Universal Platform V/VM
and Procedures Platform V/VM Security
Starting and of Procedures and Procedures This section of and to to the ID authority, of the first the should to the to protection of the and restricted If to the first the user ID and to as and then the that the the ID. IDs and If the or the to to the restricted USP V/VM users to to the SVP with ID and the with the Account to the accounts Account The following shows of the process. Specify URL SVP Platform V/VM SVP HTML SVP
Table Specifications and Restrictions Concerning Operations of The USP V/VM to users. users to The concurrently to than SVP, downloading the from each SVP, and the to the than once concurrently Security If to three with the ID, replying history information, including ID, and recorded the that unauthorized detected. operation user normally the user to from the SVP of This of specified the with the to Accessing security that the from computers. To to The following shows the of the security. and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM Item Specification The the Performance and the where the users. If memory performance. The (ID) with the
and Procedures Application without Accessing Accessing with of Allowed of Application Security The shows that with with The and might the that though the expired, using The that appears when to the JRE to the following and the action the displayed JRE Security Warning JRE The items this as follows: Universal Platform V/VM Application with
JRE or JRE and Procedures Platform V/VM allows to to of whether the expired). allows to information about the from One of the following boxes displayed Warning Security JRE Warning Security JRE
to To the the URL of the SVP to from the of SVP, the of another SVP the or and function properly. and Procedures The items these as follows: from this publisher. Selecting the from this publisher that as and that from of whether the expired). If the from this publisher and allowed to the and this allows to to of whether the expired). from You the to the the SVP to SVP. You with the to to the Editing the instructions. specifications and concerning operations. To to the and If using appear informing that the security the If this appears, the this and OK Click the the or the of the SVP. The following actions might these actions completed, the appears If appears and whether to the follow the instruction Accessing Universal Platform V/VM
the user ID and If to three with the user ID, replying it Click to to the SVP. and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. If as shown appear. If this appears, the If and the JRE the JRE the when to such as shown of the of the If JRE from the the Browser). The If the SVP to SSL-encrypted the Security Information appear the If displays, to the
SSL-Encrypted Communication and Procedures JRE If the SVP to SSL-encrypted the Security displayed when to or when to boxes from or Click OK the Security Furthermore, the Security the displayed. If the Security the displayed, to that the correct, and Security Platform V/VM
Displayed and Security the If as shown appear the operation. If this appears, the following Click the this to the the URL of the SVP that to Click Click and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM The Trusted appears If know the URL, the the or the IP of the SVP. the host01 the URL If the IP the URL The URL of the SVP to the The Trusted
and and Procedures (This Appear You the SVP from Computer) of operation: and the of the The operation the when to the operation of other users that the other users the of the You the to the of the You the operation authority of the function to the of the information the authority, Authority. user the each While the other users the information the If the partitioned, only the each SLPR. other users the allocated SLPR the information the To such information the Information To and that the displayed, which that the Universal Platform V/VM
Click the which should Once back to Click the the Timeout from the to the showing the timeout appears the Showing the Timeout The shows the which the The the numerically displayed the The of the timeout You the the right of the to the the timeout as the as the If the SVP while the reach the specified timeout released. If released to the to the Therefore, that enough to clicking while using the following V-VOL and Universal and operations and boxes IBM Universal IBM and IBM operations Security and operations and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM Once the from background to background displayed. the that shows the displayed the the Timeout and the
and Procedures You the timeout with the RMI the You to as with the authority of to the of RMI time-out the instructions). If this specifying NO the that shows the timeout displayed the though the to that as and the protection of option. each with and option ID input, each each option (including the and when purchase options. To input or which the written The when purchase Option Option Option C Option Option the or from the of and Option Installation Universal Platform V/VM SVP
The following the of Temporary purchase. Each option of the that used. purchase. Emergency Temporary temporary the temporary (or when there the warning the when the option. the temporary the temporary that the of the of the displayed, and the reported to the host. the temporary expired, the temporary the of the of the which the IBM IBM and LUN the of temporary the following effects: LVI/LUN, LUN IBM Compatible PAV and Compatible PAV, the of temporary the following effects: and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM Capacity that when the option activated with the deducted from The that the temporary and that the temporary from the SVP only from the The that the temporary and option of the capacity that used.
and Procedures Priority the of temporary the following effects: threshold or selection of type) that the temporary expunged from the SVP from the service purchased to options indefinitely. of that each option. purchasing the to the that the option. This the capacity. If and the amount of the capacity, Capacity the this to purchase the to cover the shortage within the capacity, Licensed Capacity. If Provisioning, the might become though Provisioning, the Provisioning the capacity purchased to the option specified The You the to or to each option. when the option with the deducted from when the the and the the which although You the of the the to when the option. The as as the of the that each option. Universal Platform V/VM
If the expired, option with another the of (A) the of the (B) which the (A) Emergency where the temporary or the to the and the user the of crashed or there with the when user who to purchase the option to that the of the temporary or the effective the of the of the which the Licensed Capacity The which to with the option. You to the amount of which to with the option purchase the or the The three the option. and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM If and the amount of the capacity, Capacity displayed the this to purchase the to cover the shortage within the capacity, Licensed Capacity. If Provisioning, the capacity might become though Provisioning, the the the expired, Not displayed the the You the temporary the the or the to the option this this Not Enough the of the (B) the If forcibly to option that already the or the the of that option
and Procedures This section the type and to the capacity. which type should the option, The three types: Used The from the that the option below to the Mounted Capacity The from the mounted the of the to the capacity, the service Capacity You the option of the capacity. The following to the based the capacity. The types. Table Capacity of Capacity of KB (The of KB (The of as the that specified when creating the the of this or to such as OPEN-3 and OPEN-V. You the Table to purchase. below: of Capacity Purchase Item type of user of capacity of the KB KB purchase At lease TB Universal Platform V/VM KB MB MB GB GB TB
The following the options the and the type. of the options to the options to the Table Software (includes the API and the SNMP LUN Mounted Used Capacity LVI Mounted LUN Capacity Mounted Used Capacity (including LUN Mounted Capacity IBM Performance Migration Priority Migration V2 Mounted information Migration V2, Capacity the Calling the Used capacity Asynchronous IBM Asynchronous IBM Used Universal Universal IBM Used Universal IBM IBM Recovery Recovery when the (3DC) and Universal or when the 3DC using IBM and Universal IBM IBM Used and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM Option Licensed Capacity Mounted that Capacity from the SVP to the Mounted Capacity Mounted Migration and Priority Capacity Performance information Migration, the Calling the Used Asynchronous IBM IBM Notes
and Procedures Option Licensed Capacity Used capacity If of Provisioning as or of the capacity of the capacity). Compatible FlashCopy Used capacity Copy-on-Write Snapshot Used capacity Copy-on-Write Snapshot Used The of Provisioning the of the Provisioning Compatible PAV Used Compatible PAV Unlimited Compatible PAV Compatible PAV. Security Security Option Mounted Capacity Compatible XRC Used capacity and only. Mounted Capacity Used You to four CLPRs without the to CLPR, the Mounted Command Interface (CCI) Capacity to to account the information USP V/VM and options. The the software options when to the SVP. If to option, the option If option or the capacity the SIM severity the of the Universal Platform V/VM Mounted Capacity temporary provided. Notes
and Procedures Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI the GUI This chapter the of the GUI. Common of the Information Account Audit Information You the GUI the following which to You the from the operations the other to or Information Information displayed. You or SSL- encrypted Universal Platform V/VM
Common of the The to the SVP. the option, the the automatically. Once the option, the Information when to the SVP. to the first the and the Account the of The the following features: The Apply the or the effective. This active when the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI The the or the This active when the PP displays the SIM severity PP SIM related to the or the licensed the with the authority of to the PP of the following SIM severity If PP Normal displayed, SIM occurred. If other displayed, the or the to which You that to purchasing the the SIM with the highest severity displayed. the SIM severity the the following commands displayed. The Information displays the Information which displays the information the The Information as another from the therefore displayed of the of the options. the Information Information The Refresh command allows to the information the SVP and then the information the this command, information the from the therefore the caused this completed. The Refresh only displayed, when as The Refresh command becomes when to the Universal Platform V/VM
The Refresh The command The allows to the the the option and function displayed. the which displays of the options or The of the the authority of the account. the of the Information the the following command displayed. The About the About which displays the information. the GUI Platform V/VM While the caused the Refresh the and other users allowed to from the The operation of the or the SVP operation the service allowed, Therefore, the of the Refresh command recommended, recovery required. The properly though selected the Refresh command, while the operation of SVP displays the information the The information might correctly when the effective or SVP The About the following features: Product of the connected of the connected IP IP of the connected (SVP). of the connected that the Information Information). information that the Information Location Location of the connected that the Information of the the the
the GUI SVP of the the SVP of the connected The each the to the SVP, that the the and SVP. of the RMI the SVP of the connected This section displayed the The the yellow: warning, red: to the SIM the The the of currently users. If the information the the unlocked-shaped displayed. If operating the the locked-shaped displayed. The might correctly when the effective or SVP One each SLPR to the While the other to the The mode-switching buttons allow users to switch the The shows the operation To the the You switch to the while other operating the to the switching to the The Audit:Normal Audit:Wraparound While the of the the the threshold, the Audit:Normal displayed. the of the the the threshold, the Audit:Warning displayed. the of the the the threshold and reached the of the that the Audit:Wraparound displayed. Platform V/VM Normal Warning Unlocked the Audit:Warning allows to the or the
The ID shows the user ID of the currently as the SLPR and the right of the ID the of SLPR SLPR The The allows to and USP V/VM options the connected The displays of USP V/VM options, and allows to the option. operations the and To the the and then and from the of the If options this when to the SVP. If to the options their the options to the from the and then the each option to allocated to the from the Definition the of the Definition and the of capacity to the the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM To these buttons to the to with the user account of Audit to to or the of the operation authority the account. information the please the Audit and Reference though the FTP completed, the Audit:Warning or the Audit:Wraparound might displayed the This to the of of the to the the
the GUI The the following features: The graphic the of the and displays the currently the Capacity Information OPEN Capacity displays the of the Capacity displays the capacity of the The of SATA each displayed parentheses. the of the selected option or the options that the to the and the to The options actually Apply Platform V/VM
Uninstall the of the selected option to and the displayed to Uninstall The options actually Apply Apply the or Uninstall to the The of options to and the of option to the using the or Uninstall buttons. If input the text displayed or The actually Apply The the top of the The the following features: The Product includes: The shows the type: Temporary or Emergency Not displayed. The shows the following information: XX TB( YY TB) The shows the of that the of temporary or the temporary expired, the of that the temporary displayed. The shows the of option: the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Option that whether the option Not XX capacity) YY that already the and Utility. this displays 10.0TB(2.50TB) the TB and the capacity already TB. If the this Licensed that bytes, MB GB MB, and TB GB. The option The Product displays the
Not with the with the and to the GUI the to The Product the Not This might option(s). the and the Not The option The Product displays the Not Not Enough the capacity insufficient. This displayed when the of this the of the expired. The Product displays the Not Capacity The capacity or created such as The The Product displays the Please purchase the the The already the temporary The Product displays the Not the the temporary The following the shown the Table Product Installed). (Installed) (Installed) Platform V/VM Permitted Option Not Not Option or TB Option or TB
with the and to with the Temporary with the Emergency Temporary expired. or Emergency expired. with the or the the insufficient. The insufficiency caused PDEV with the Temporary and then with the the capacity with the then with the Emergency that nothing displayed. option The shows the of remained the You the that products such as the copying options and and Utility. these products, TB TB) displayed. the capacity, and the capacity. the right of the the following features: allows to of the following buttons: the or the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Product (Not Installed). (Installed) (Installed) (Not Installed). (Not Installed) (Not Installed). (Installed) (Installed) (Installed) the which allows to the the selected option to You and text from other applications. Option Unlimited or TB Option Temporary Option Emergency Option Temporary Option Not Not Option TB Not Enough or Option TB Capacity or Option Temporary TB Option Emergency or TB
the GUI the text and the button, which allow to the of the the to the displayed. the the the the text to options automatically. The when the the mounted (or used) capacity the reduced, or the such as the right of the You the to or to each option the If option from the of the options below and the option to or You the option. If to option with the the of when the applied, displayed. You the option. If to option with the the of term when the applied, displayed. Universal Platform V/VM
Information The Information displays information the connected To the Information the and then Information and Information from the of the the Information the information the Information Information The Information the following features: Information Information) LDEV Information LDEV Information) The Apply the or the effective. The the or the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM This active when the This active when the
Information the GUI If input the text or The actually Apply Information the of the Information of the connected IP IP of the (SVP). of the connected The the with the You to characters (ASCII such as and You and the If or the when Apply. The to SNMP information SNMP, please the SNMP and Reference to the the cleared when the SVP replaced. information such as and where about the connected The the information with the You the information using to characters (ASCII such as and You and the information. If or the information, when Apply The to SNMP information SNMP, please the SNMP and Reference to the the cleared when the SVP replaced. Location Location of the connected The the location with the You location to characters (ASCII such as and You and the location. If or the location, when Apply The location to SNMP information SNMP, please the SNMP and Reference to the location, the cleared when the SVP replaced. Universal Platform V/VM
Product and of the LDEV Information LDEV Information the of the Information If as the information the allocated SLPR instead of the the whole and Capacity LDEV Information the GUI Universal Platform V/VM of the the connected SVP of the the SVP of the connected of the RMI the SVP of the connected
Capacity the GUI You the type of information from the The type which selected from the as follows: information the the displayed. information the internal displayed. information the displayed. The OPEN displays the information type, chart, capacity) the The information include the of V-VOL. there displayed. The displays the capacity information type, chart, capacity) S/390 and the The displayed information include the capacity of V-VOL. there and S/390 displayed. chart and type when OPEN selected: The following MB, when the Capacity GB or than 10GB. The following displayed GB, when the Capacity than GB. The of the following to of displayed parentheses. Allocated LDEV Capacity displays the of that assigned and to the This capacity includes that of LUSE include This the chart Unallocated LDEV Capacity displays the of that assigned and to the This include of Migration, or This displayed the chart yellow Capacity displays the of the following This capacity include of of Migration information Migration, the Calling the Journal the Universal Universal Platform V/VM
chart and type when selected: Capacity displays the of allocated, only), and the GUI Universal Platform V/VM the Copy-on-Write Snapshot or Provisioning LVI/LUN (VLL) This the chart displays free that users This the chart white The following displayed MB, when the Capacity GB or than 10GB. The following displayed GB, when the Capacity than GB. The of the following to of S/390 and parentheses. Allocated LDEV Capacity the of S/390 ,and that assigned and to the This include of Migration, or This the chart Capacity the of the following S/390 and This include of IBM of Migration information Migration, the Calling the Journal the Universal LVI/LUN (VLL) This the chart displays that users S/390 and This the chart white
of the GUI The of the right of the Allocated OPEN displays the of that assigned Each of that of LUSE counted as Unallocated OPEN displays the of that assigned paths. This include of Migration, or OPEN displays the of of Migration, and This include of Allocated the of S/390 and that assigned paths. This include of Migration, or displays the of of Migration, and S/390 and This include of IBM V-VOL displays the of which that the capacity. currently Copy-on-Write Snapshot and Provisioning. please the Copy-on-Write Snapshot or the Provisioning the of OPEN OPEN OPEN allocated and Universal Platform V/VM
The displays the information the of the mounted the To the the and then Information and from the of the the and the the clusters. The of the the and the of the the of the to (Printed Board) and the of each PCB displayed the header of the The the LED and information of The displayed following information: the GUI Platform V/VM This and currently used. the properly This the operation. This and the operation. This or
the GUI The displays the internal to the SIM information reported to the host) of the connected The service information (SIM) whenever it or service The history the the The the right of the the of the or the The the of To the the and then Information and from the of the the The the following features: Ref. displays the SIM Reference the SIM reference the following displayed, to the to the the Copy-on-Write Snapshot or the Provisioning Universal Platform V/VM
SIM Reference 601XXX 602XXX 620XXX 621XXX 622XXX 630XXX XXX the ID. the displays Complete the SIM from the SVP) or Not Complete the displays the that the SIM occurred. displays the of that Severity and the Service Serious the becomes other than completed from the SVP to the to the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Reference Severity Service and and the Follow with the to that the Troubleshooting further information troubleshooting. These reference Copy-on-Write Snapshot. These reference Provisioning.
Account the GUI the right-click, and the command the the information the the The includes the information of Section and of the selected to the information of the The Account allows to accounts or and the of the user accounts. The operations that the Account the authority which the account To the Account the and then Security and Account from the of the This section the of the Account the procedures of operations that from the Account the Accounts. information accounts of Access Universal Platform V/VM
Account The Account the following features: Account Information Tree Account Information Tree) Information Information) Information Information The Apply the or accounts effective. This the The the or accounts. This the Account Information Tree On the of the Account the Account Information tree displayed. The Account Information tree consists of SA and SLPR that from to the IDs of the accounts that the displayed. to the to ID, and the the users which the accounts to the GUI Universal Platform V/VM displayed the other users. The
Information the GUI On Information and the Information of the Account the of the user account the Account Information tree displayed. to user accounts, the operation from the Account Information You the accounts of the SA and the accounts of that the and the of the SLPR to which to the user accounts. the to user accounts, New On the right of the Account Information displayed. You and the authority of user accounts Information Information consists of the following items: ID The user ID that when the account displayed. SLPR ID SLPR ID the type of the user account. SA displayed the the the and the of the SLPR to which the user account the of Account From the the operation authority the user accounts (which the authority the Account allowed to the of Account the ID users their own and the of their user accounts. Account to or to or other accounts. The of authority from the as follows: The the of other accounts. The user the operation authority of other accounts. The and user accounts, and the of other accounts. Audit From the the authority the and operations. However, the authority allowed to the user accounts of the The of authority from the as follows: Universal Platform V/VM
From the the operation authority the operation of the the and of the The of authority from the as follows: the GUI Universal Platform V/VM operation related to the the user accounts of the and allowed to the the following the buttons to the the or the Audit the following the the or the the buttons to the the to the from the following allowed to the or the the Audit to manually the the following the buttons to the the to the FTP the to manually the the to the the to the The allowed to the of the operation the and operation of the The user the of the the options, and of the If to the of each function the Information to
Information the GUI Information the Information displayed. You or the of each function of the options the Information You to to the accounts which to the the Information You each of the Information the or of the ASCII selecting each header of the The Information consists of the following items: of the Information Function and Function The of the options and the Information the of to each function which the as shown Table the accounts of the the of the the the from those of shows the of each function the of the operation of each function. There of as follows: The the function to the operation. The user the each function, allowed to the operation. and right-click (or of the function which to the the and or Universal Platform V/VM
The following authority which to each function. This each function. Authority to Function the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Function Function of Functions Information only. Information Not Not LUN LUN Authentication LUN LUN VLL VLL Not V-VOL Not Performance Performance Migration Not Priority Not Not Universal Universal Not Not IBM IBM Not Universal IBM Universal IBM Not IBM IBM Compatible PAV Security Not Not XRC Not Not Authority to Functions
the GUI Function Function of Functions Not Not Security Platform V/VM Account Not Not Audit Not Not SNMP Information Not Definition Definition Not Authority to Functions Account Audit
The allows to displayed the and The operations that the the operation authority which the account To the the and then Security and from the of the the The the following features: The Apply the or effective. This the The the or This the the GUI Platform V/VM You characters (ASCII and You to The that this text the
the GUI The allows to to the or to UDP the to To the to the characteristics of UDP when information to the RFC3164 published IETF. the or the the Audit to to that account. If the Audit to the the and the of the the to the the and Reference To the the and then Security and from the of the the Universal Platform V/VM
The the following features: to You whether to the to the To the To the You IP and the Once to to IP and become both IP and the them as to Secondary You whether to the to the secondary To the To the Secondary You IP and the secondary Once to Secondary to IP and become both IP and the them as The restriction the the as that of Location You as the that the to that the You one-byte characters the characters (A-Z and and (including and used. Information: You whether to the information of the to the If to the information to the If the that the SVP, the information of this Download Downloads the to the Apply: to the the effective. This when the the GUI Universal Platform V/VM You or IP when the operating of SVP XP. To IP four the of to where numbers. the To IP the of to FFFF where numbers. the the of to
Audit the GUI Allows to the the the This when the The allows to FTP and manually the to the FTP Only the FTP or manually the to the FTP FTP the to to that account. If the to the the of the Audit or manually the to the FTP SIM to of the of FTP This when the to FTP to the of the FTP or LAN. You the SIM the The reference FTP 7C0300 If SIM the following operations: the the FTP or LAN, and then manually the clicking the Audit that, the SIM the If the the to the clicking Audit:Warning or Audit:Wraparound the To the Audit the and then Security and from the of the the Universal Platform V/VM
The the following features: to You specify whether to the to the FTP To the To the You IP the FTP Once to to IP becomes The IP as You and to the FTP You to characters and (ASCII user ID and the GUI Universal Platform V/VM You or IP when the operating of SVP XP. To IP four the of to where numbers. the To IP the of to FFFF where numbers. the
the GUI You the location to the The location should to directory of FTP The the directory. You to characters and (ASCII the to the to the FTP to the selected the You the without the to reach the threshold to Secondary You specify whether to the to the secondary FTP To the To the Secondary You IP the secondary FTP Once to Secondary to IP becomes The IP as The the the as that of Secondary You ID and to the secondary FTP The the the as that of Secondary You the location to the The location should relative to directory of FTP The and the restriction the the as those of to Secondary the to the secondary FTP to the selected the You the without the to reach the threshold SIM The allows to the SIM which when of to FTP the manually the clicking and then the SIM. The SIM to Complete If the SIM, the SIM the FTP Apply: The Apply allows to the the effective. This only when the The allows to the the the This when the Universal Platform V/VM
The allows to spreadsheet with the information, and with the You the and the information of the apply the the the To the the and then and from the of the the The the following features: The Select allows to the option which to or spreadsheet The allows to the edited spreadsheet instructions the spreadsheet the Spreadsheet. If the the Download when If this the Download and the operation. the GUI Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI The allows to the spreadsheet instructions exporting the spreadsheet Exporting the Spreadsheet. If the the Download when If this the Download and the operation. The that includes the The and The that includes the the specified, displayed. Information The Please the the and the The Select spreadsheet, and allows to the function that to or of the function that The field displays whether or there the spreadsheet. If there the Apply becomes The Ready The Apply becomes only when spreadsheet without imported, and the the spreadsheet. The the and to the of the Universal Platform V/VM
Information The Information displays the information of the as the information the SLPR displayed. The Information another that from the therefore displayed of the of the options. when the of of the to the existing information the or such the Information and the information, the the operation. To the Information the and then and Information from the of the information about each the following subsections. Following the the Information The information displayed the Information updated the GUI Platform V/VM the clicked the Information and the the Refresh the of the selected. the the the of the option and the the Apply clicked the the operation from the to the the
Common the GUI Information displays the following items. If the LUSE the information of the LUSE If LUSE the of the LUN or the LDEV and right-click, the Information command displayed. the Information command, the information of the LUSE displayed. the the information, Information LDKC:CU:LDEV displays the LDKC the CU and the LDEV These LDEV that with the or that the LDEV the the Universal LDEV that with that the LDEV Copy-on-Write Snapshot the Copy-on-Write Snapshot LDEV that with that the LDEV the Provisioning The the following Table the LDKC:CU:LDEV Normal LDEV Expanded (LUSE) of Migration (CV) LDEV Remote Command Command to which the security Universal Platform V/VM
You the information the Information as (CSV) using the the of the Information To the information displayed the Information as CSV Click the of the Information The selecting displayed. Specify the and location to the the displayed Click the finishes, the Click the right of the Information The information displayed the switched using the SLPR or The following of the when selected the Information when Selected) the GUI Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI The items the as follows: SLPR You the information SLPR as the SLPR the SLPR If as the information the allocated SLPR displayed, and other this You type and the information only the selected type displayed the One of the following selected: The information only the displayed. The information only the displayed. The information the displayed. The information the that selected the displayed. Following the displayed items each type. information about the displayed items, please the LUN The items when selected the SLPR: SLPR and SLPR of which displayed. The second). ID) and ID of Indicates whether switch used. or displayed. FC-AL or P-to-P displayed. Attribute Initiator, RCU or displayed. WWN WWN of The displayed items when selected the SLPR: SLPR and SLPR of which displayed. Attribute LCP displayed. Platform V/VM
LUN The information the the LUN information about the items, the LUN LUN Information The displayed items the LUN as follows: SLPR the GUI Universal Platform V/VM The displayed items when selected the SLPR: SLPR and SLPR of which displayed. Attribute HTP displayed. WWN WWN of You the information SLPR as the SLPR the SLPR If as the information the allocated SLPR displayed, and other this
the GUI You the which the information to from the LUN Following items the LUN SLPR: SLPR and SLPR ID The of the group. LUN numbers) assigned to The to which LU The expanded LU. The command The The command security. LDKC:CU:LDEV From the the LDKC the CU and the LDEV displayed. information, Common type. expanded (LUSE) the of the which of the LUSE displayed the type (such OPEN-V DP-VOL, "(0V)" might the type (such OPEN-V (0V)). Capacity capacity. expanded (LUSE) the capacity of the which of the LUSE displayed. RAID RAID Paths of LU Platform V/VM
LDEV information about the displayed items, the LVI/LUN and LDEV Information The items the LDEV as follows: SLPR CU or PG LDEV the GUI Universal Platform V/VM You the information SLPR as the SLPR the SLPR If as the information the allocated SLPR displayed, and other this You choose which information to the LDEV If CU displayed. You LDKC from the the and CU from the the right. If PG displayed. You the to from the
the GUI Following items the LDEV SLPR: SLPR and SLPR CLPR: CLPR and CLPR LDKC:CU:LDEV From the the LDKC the CU and the LDEV displayed. information, Common type. expanded (LUSE) the type of the each LDEV displayed. DP-VOL, "(0V)" might the type (such OPEN-V (0V)). MAX LBA LDEV host. capacity. (GB), expanded (LUSE) the of the each LDEV displayed. RAID RAID Information The type of as follows: The SATA Parity Parity group. Paths of LU paths. The the displayed as follows: (X): The as ID. V-VOL: The as (V-VOL) Copy-on- Snapshot. DP-VOL The as (V-VOL) Provisioning. LDEV: The as of Migration. JNL The as The as Information Information the the of Product type. The type as follows: The BD or SATA internal Universal Platform V/VM
LDEV The of displayed the LDEV information about the displayed items, the LVI/LUN and LDEV Information The displayed items the LDEV as follows: Parity the GUI Universal Platform V/VM Paths: of LU that the the when it mapped. You which to the Parity The Parity displays the that to the selected. The following items displayed the Parity Parity displayed. of the the displayed.
the GUI Table of Parity Normal the the Format the Format the Format. Normal Format) Format both the Normal and Normal Format) the displays Normal Format) Correction Access The of the Copying the copied. Hosts the The operation Unknown The the of Warning The of the of the Switching The Parity displays to the following to the the It allows to the Previous button: the Next the The displays the of the that selected the Normal the Warning Not the the Parity and the the the LDEV LDEV The following items the LDEV LDKC:CU:LDEV From the the LDKC the CU and the LDEV displayed. information, Common of displayed. Universal Platform V/VM
Table of Normal The The Format The Format The Format. Normal Format) Format Correction Access The of the Copying the copied. Read Hosts only the The Unknown The the of the Provisioning The information the Provisioning displayed the Provisioning information about the items, the Provisioning Connected The information displayed the Connected Connected Information the GUI Platform V/VM
the GUI The displayed items the Connected as follows: LDKC You the LDKC which the information to from the CU You the CU which the information to from the Connected Following items displayed the Connected Indicates the of the Indicates the type and the of (or SEQNUMBER Indicates the ID of (or LPAR Indicates of host. Indicates the of the host. This FJT IBM HTC and If appears, the the type, the and the ID of Platform V/VM
Information If LUSE the of the LUN or the LDEV and right-click, the Information command displayed. Information the information of the LUSE displayed the Information Information Information The Information displays the items as the LDEV the LDEV of the Information LDEV the GUI Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI The shows of To the the following URL the of the or the IP or the of the SVP. The the following features: The the which allows to You ID and the the Universal Platform V/VM
Table Information The to the when to the Product The of the Select from the The of the The than from to OR OR (Choose Location The location of the to characters (ASCII such as and You information the the GUI Platform V/VM Item Format The or The IP of the SVP. You to the which and with other which already used. the as the If the SVP to the SSL- encrypted the the as the that the as Common the SVP the SSL-encrypted specified when the operating of the SVP to characters (ASCII such as and The specified within and following used: (A to and to to and as where where
the GUI The allows to or to the entry. operation authority to the or operations the Editing the You the clicking the and as The the following features: The The New Entry the Entry which allows to entry. You to You concurrently The the Entry which allows to the entry. The Universal Platform V/VM to the
allows to which to specify of or SSL- encrypted that to of browser. To the the following URL the of the /cgi-bin/utility/toolpanel.cgi the IP or the of the SVP. The the following features: Download Trace Downloading Trace the FD the Encrypted HTTP the Encrypted Release HTTP Blocking the Encrypted the GUI Universal Platform V/VM
the GUI From the the of information, and the of the information. To the the and from the displayed the The allows to the authority the or operations the the To the the The the following features: of The of users who to the Platform V/VM
of The of that the account of of The of user accounts currently the account of The (JRE) to the JRE, the following when the user to the SVP. RMI time-out If the the SVP of of the RMI time-out the user of the SVP. This the following RMI time-out If that the RMI specified of released, and the appears. the GUI Platform V/VM You this from the service to the You this from the service to the the SVP and the JRE that UNIX: the SVP the to the JRE that The You to or One hours). The of the RMI time-out than the the or below those of the RMI time-out to the following RMI time-out when Polling and the selected from and You this The You specify and or and Specify to this
the GUI Polling Specify the who information while when other the information The and Unlocked updated when who from or to The seconds You to or to The shorter the specify, the the updated, this increase traffic. Specify NO to this Specify to the and Unit which displayed the the of the The seconds You specify to seconds and to seconds the Specify NO to this that NO when the of Option to selected. Option to Specify whether to the If the selected, the appear the the cleared. that NO when the of Option to selected. the that You to from once and the to to the Platform V/VM
Download The Download allows to containing the information. To the Download the Download Download The Download the following features: the the the that downloaded. Select and to the containing the information. The that the authority account. The and authority to as follows: the GUI Universal Platform V/VM with the to the containing the of the Account with the Account to or the containing the of accounts the Account
the GUI with the to the containing the of the Information with the Audit to or the containing the of the and the The the Download to the selected The clears the boxes. The allows to that backed To the the The the following features: Platform V/VM
(Archive Select the Archive and specify the which from the Download the The To the directory of the and then the location. The Next to the of restoring where the restoring and then Next The clears the and text boxes. the GUI Universal Platform V/VM The that the authority account, that The and authority to as follows: To the the to To the user account the Account to To the the to To the and the Audit to
Performing Operations Performing Operations This chapter to operations: Editing the and the Option the Accounts the Downloading the Restoring of the Downloading Trace the FD Platform V/VM
Editing the with the authority of the If the to the back the downloading the from the SVP. instructions downloading the Downloading the New To On the of the the URL of the SVP to the On the the the user ID and and Click New Entry to the Entry On the Entry the information about to Table Click to the displayed. Click OK to or to the successfully, displayed. Click The to the of the the On the the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM The displayed. The displayed If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. You of these or IP You HTTP Block to HTTP the the encrypted SSL (HTTPS). information, the Encrypted You to the
Performing Operations If the SVP to SSL-encrypted the Security the appears. Click to the The to the of the the Entry To On the of the the URL of the SVP to the On the the The displayed. the ID and and The displayed If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. Click of the the to the Entry On the Entry the information. You of these or IP Universal Platform V/VM
Click to the to the displayed. Click OK to the or to the successfully, displayed. Click The information the On the the Performing Operations Platform V/VM You HTTP Block to HTTP the the encrypted SSL (HTTPS). information, the Encrypted You to the If the SVP to SSL-encrypted the Security the appears. Click to the The information the Entry IP
Performing Operations To On the of the the URL of the SVP to the On the the The displayed. the ID and and The displayed If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. Click of the the displayed, OK to the The from the the On the the You to the If the SVP to SSL-encrypted the Security displayed the appears. Click to the The from the the Universal Platform V/VM
and To the options of USP V/VM the options to This section the options and the of and the options from the the and the If to the options their the options to the using the and then the licensed each option to to the Definition the the of the Definition and the of to the the To USP V/VM option the the and the to and instructions). Select the You and text from other applications. Click The of the option to and the to Click Apply (or Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM To the Apply If to the the operations which or to other the from to The of the options to Warning displayed the following The the option that with If the
Performing Operations The displayed when the option already with temporary and the of the option than You these these the You options The To options the the the and the to From The becomes Click to the and the (the to options the The selected displayed the text The to characters (ASCII such as You to with the Click The the of that about three If than Click Apply (or The of the options to If or the appears and the options To the the the option and then Universal Platform V/VM
the capacity the mounted (or capacity) of the reduction of the options with the Whether the options or the the relationship the mounted of the and the capacity. The following shows the of of the button. Table Condition to Mounted Licensed Mounted Licensed Not To options the the the and the to From Click Click Apply (or Performing Operations Platform V/VM Install/Uninstall Relationship Mounted Capacity of and Licensed Capacity the the of the options that to and the to The of the options to of the
or Performing Operations to or the or the You the when than options once, however, options the these options satisfied. such to the first, then the To or to the the and the to and instructions). Select option that to the Select or Click The of the selected option to If to the to If to the to to or other options, the from to Click Apply (or The of the options Platform V/VM
To options the the and the to Select the option that to the The selected option From Click Uninstall displayed. Click OK (or The of the selected option to and the to Uninstall. to other option, the from to Click Apply (or Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM The of the option from to On option that displayed as (shown as XX TB) might the this that option and Uninstall to the information of the option. Utility, might the of the that the 0TB To the and the following the and then that as (secondary instructions, the the of the that the as instructions, the to the and then Utility.
the Option the Accounts To accounts, the Account Account The operations that the Account the operation authority which the account If the of accounts, back the downloading the from the SVP. instructions downloading the Downloading the New Performing Operations You the options and to the options. To option, option or and then the of each from the of the The displays the of options or Information the which displays the of the options or the You user account using the Account You to including the ID To account, with account of which Account account, to the user ID of the user account to the and the operation authority to You the following characters ID and ID ID, to characters (ASCII and the following You instances of the user ID. the characters (ASCII from to characters. Universal Platform V/VM
To user account: to and the Account to and the Account Information the to which to account. To account as the SA To account as the of SLPR to which to the account. Right-click the to which to account. Then, the New The New displayed. the New the following items. Click the New The New closed, and then the the Account Information the ID of account. the authority of Account and selecting from their each the authority of each function the Information To the authority of each function: To accounts to Click Apply The to the Performing Operations Platform V/VM ID the ID of account which to the to to to the confirmation. and ID of the account the Account Information To the of account, user ID the Account Information and right-click to the command. To the user account, ID the Account Information and right-click to the command. Select the to which to the operation authority. You the or Ctrl Select the operation authority or right-clicking. The selected authority the
Performing Operations New the of their accounts. To the user accounts of others, with user account of which Account the characters (ASCII from to characters. To the of account: to and the Account to and the Account Information the to which account that to the Account Information the ID of account of which to the Right-click the and then the command. The displayed. the the as follows. the The when Account of account. New the New the Click the The closed, and to the Account Click Apply The to the Universal Platform V/VM
Authority To the authority of account, with account of which Account To the authority of the user account which to to the account to the authority of the user account, and then the account to To the authority of account: to and the Account to and the Account Information the to which account of which to the authority the Account Information the ID of user account of which to the operation authority. the Information and Information the authority of the selected account displayed. the authority of Account Audit and selecting from their each the authority of each function the Information the authority of To the authority of each function: Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM (when Account Select the to which to the operation authority. You the or Ctrl Right-click the and then the operation authority or The selected authority displayed the of
or Accounts Performing Operations To the operation authority of user accounts to Click Apply The to the To account to or with user account of which Account account to the operation authority of the account. To the operation authority of the account which to to the account to the operation authority of the account, and then the account to To account to or to and the Account to and the Account Information the to which account that to or the Account Information the ID of account which to or Right-click the and then the to or the to You to the Account to the of ID to to the the Account Information to the of ID to to the the Account Information Click Apply The to the Platform V/VM
To account, with account of which Account You the account of user ID To account: to and the Account to and the Account Information the to which account that to the Account Information the ID of user account which to Right-click the and then the command. You to the Account the Account Information the of ID to to the Click Apply The to the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM To the ID the Account Information and right-click to the command.
the To the to as with the authority of to the You to from once and to the Performing Operations If the to the back the downloading the from the SVP. instructions downloading the Downloading the The of the allows to the following RMI time-out RMI time-out and Option to To the On the of the to the The displayed. the user ID and and The of the displayed. If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. Click to the Specify the as required. Click displayed, OK (or indicating of displayed, OK to the Click Universal Platform V/VM
Downloading the You with the user account of the to the The of that the authority the account. the operation authority to each Download To On the of the to the the user ID and and Click the Download to the Download Download The of the that downloaded the authority that the user account. Therefore, the displayed each account to the of each authority. Select the boxes of the Click The Download On the Download that the selected with and then Download The Download On the Download The The to however, the Specify the of to the and the Download Complete appears. Click to the Download Complete the as required. To the the directory tree archived the and then using the command. To the please the the and to the to the or of the Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM The displayed. The of the displayed. If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication.
Restoring of the Performing Operations Download the Selected This section the to the the to the Downloading the You with the user account of the to the of the The of that the authority the account. the operation authority to each To the On the of the to the The displayed. the user ID and and The of the displayed. If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. Click the to the Select the boxes of Archives and to the directory of the Platform V/VM
Click Next The to displayed. Click OK the to the of the The of the that the authority that the account. Therefore, the displayed each account to the of each operation authority. Select the boxes of the to of the Click The to the restoring displayed. Click OK the the Account selected, the displayed. the other than Account selected, to the the of the account and click the The displayed. Confirm the restoring completed the Click the to the the restoring completed successfully, the of the SVP Performing Operations Platform V/VM If the correct, the account restored. The becomes the the of the account the restoring process.
Performing Operations (when the to restored) Universal Platform V/VM
Downloading Trace the FD The USP V/VM the FD The FD to and allows them to the information from the SVP or The downloaded information service to related to operations troubleshooting If to first the information the FD the Calling the and the information the to the service If another (including SVP using the FD or operation the FD If to to the information, the Refresh To the information from the SVP: On the of the Download Trace to the Download Trace The displayed. Operations Universal Platform V/VM from the of the first to refresh the information, and then the FD to the downloading operation.
Performing Operations the ID and and The Download Trace displayed If the SVP to SSL-encrypted security might appear. SSL-Encrypted Communication. Click Normal Trace. Click Next The that confirms the of of the displayed. Click OK the compressed, the Download Trace displayed. Click Download The Download displayed. On the Download this to and then OK The displayed. Specify the and then the downloaded successfully, the Download displayed. Download Trace Selecting Trace Download Trace Compressing Platform V/VM
Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Download Trace Starting Download
Exporting the Spreadsheet Performing Operations This section to or spreadsheet using the of spreadsheet the of the products The instructions this section the of Microsoft Microsoft recommended compatibility. To the spreadsheet to and the to and Select the option that to from the Select Click to the the of LUN If the the Download when If this the Download and the operation. You the of the spreadsheet directory directly or to the which allows to the directory the spreadsheet The following apply the The The of characters including the The following the and The Once the directory and to the and to the The specified directory displayed and the becomes Click to the spreadsheet and the If to the exporting operation, the the spreadsheet from required. Universal Platform V/VM
Editing the Spreadsheet The instructions this section the of Microsoft If spreadsheet software, displayed text To the spreadsheet Microsoft and then the spreadsheet. the type as shown and then Next to the as shown and then Next to the text to the Text of Each of spreadsheet. the to the which the of the spreadsheet. If the to the might to and displayed. the header of displayed as Text and then the spreadsheet with the allowable Once edited the spreadsheet, to and the Performing Operations Platform V/VM The Text of displayed. The Text of displayed. The Text of displayed. To the text to the of the and with the of Select of the which found and the Text the The spreadsheet with the the text the of each
Performing Operations the within with "spreadsheet1a.spd"). Select CSV the as type then the Text of Universal Platform V/VM
the the with the of Performing Operations Universal Platform V/VM Text of Text of
the Spreadsheet Performing Operations edited the spreadsheet, the spreadsheet to the To the spreadsheet to and the to and Select the option that to from the Select Click to the the of LUN If the the Download when If this the Download and the operation. Assign the CSV to the spreadsheet that to (the You the spreadsheet directly or to the The apply as exporting the If selected to the specify the spreadsheet to then to the and to the On the the directory of the specified spreadsheet displayed and the becomes Click (or to The closed and the spreadsheet Click Apply the The spreadsheet to the Universal Platform V/VM
Performing Operations Platform V/VM
the CLI the CLI This chapter CLI that allows to operations commands from the of from or UNIX of CLI CLI Operations CLI Command Reference Spreadsheets Universal Platform V/VM
of CLI The CLI to operations the commands the rather than the GUI. the Universal IBM IBM and Universal CLI. The CLI the following to the GUI: Batch Interoperability with other Checking function CLI Operations The CLI to: the using spreadsheet the spreadsheet(s) The following these the CLI Universal Platform V/VM The CLI shortens the interactive operation. This users when to the The CLI the commands that allow to: CFL spreadsheet using CFL spreadsheet CFL spreadsheet applying to the You these commands batch/script such as batch or UNIX The CLI the command. If CFL spreadsheet easily what the with the spreadsheet the the CFL spreadsheet.
the CLI To the using CLI the the spreadsheets occurred? Apply the Procedures the Spreadsheets The operations the spreadsheets include the following CLI This when CLI the first the products of the using the actually applying the using spreadsheets. the products the CLI. spreadsheets Spreadsheet templates each of the and the of the spreadsheet template to the the that the characters or including the The template types: The with the without the Universal Platform V/VM To the spreadsheets the spreadsheet(s)
the spreadsheets, apply the and the spreadsheet(s) using CLI This section the using CLI. CLI the CLI the following: computer(s) with the following authority: JAR CLI security authentication Spreadsheet software or text (Microsoft recommended) the CLI Platform V/VM The with to the commands. about templates or the products the CLI. of spreadsheets, Spreadsheet To these operations, the CLI commands. or which to CLI commands. JAR CLI the CD products. CLI to the You to the CLI. The the CD products. Security CLI users user authentication users CLI, authentication each Creating Authentication to the
CLI Security Creating Authentication the CLI To CLI the directory the to CLI. the CD products the CD-ROM UNIX, mount the CD). the directory the CD, and then the directory to the created directory. The created directory to as the CLI directory) the following and The CLI JAR CLI Batch commands. CFLCLITool\template\: Templates spreadsheets. The security to to the CLI commands. To the of the following: the that CLI as If this the security only when the CLI commands. The the CLI directory. the the following the about the to the user authentication encrypted containing ID and To CLI, authentication each CLI, authentication using command. This section to authentication Universal Platform V/VM
creating user authentication the security of operating to authority to the authentication that the user who created the the If other the unauthorized might the To authentication with the user account of the Copy batch to the directory as If operating UNIX and directory other than the batch that the and then to the following directory. the batch the following UNIX, (that SVP-ip-address myAuthentication.txt authority to the authentication that created. the CLI Platform V/VM If the operating of the whose If UNIX, the whose Copy CLI-installed-directory CLI-installed-directory Copy CLI-installed-directory the batch and /bin/csh" the first to the directory that (such as /usr/bin/csh). CLI-installed-directory Specify the following items: SVP-ip-address: the IP of the SVP. To the specify the ID of the the of the the command, authentication "myAuthentication.txt" created the directory. You this authentication characters specified the If the to the of the authentication written the batch
Batch the CLI that only the user who created the the this "myAuthentication.txt" created from the information such as the IP ID and >myAuthentication.txt this "myAuthentication.txt" created from the information such as the IP ID and >myAuthentication.txt The batch to the CLI commands manually necessary. The batch as follows: Batch the CLI Commands Directory batch the CFLCHK command. batch the CFLGET command. batch the CFLSET command. the CLI commands, the to the directory (the directory as and then the necessary. The with the and the with the UNIX. Universal Platform V/VM
The following batch the CFLSET command. The the of command myAuthentication.txt CFLSET UNIX: /bin/csh myAuthentication.txt CFLSET The following items to The directory of The authentication The termination that CLI when batch as follows: If to reference to termination batch the following: The following reference to termination batch this batch and CLI the termination other than the displays indicating the this and CLI the termination the displays indicating the finished successfully. myAuthentication.txt CFLGET NEQ COMMAND FAILED. EQU COMMAND SUCCESSFUL. the CLI Universal Platform V/VM If operating UNIX and directory other than to /bin/csh" the first to the directory of (such as /usr/bin/csh). If the authentication to "myAuthentication.txt" to the that specified. the authentication directory other than directory), to specify the or path. characters specified or characters specified. The finished successfully. other than The finished abnormally occurred). batch write the batch UNIX write the UNIX C write the
Command Reference the CLI The CLI the following commands: Table CLI Commands Command CFLCHK the spreadsheet. or CFLGET the or spreadsheet(s). CFLSET the spreadsheet to the characters specified or characters specified. This section the following Indicates Indicates Universal Platform V/VM Authority
CFLCHK Command CFLCHK output-file-name The CFLCHK the spreadsheet this whether the spreadsheet properly or whether the properly specified). The the that specify when the CFLCHK command. the CFLCHK the CFLSET command, that the spreadsheet output-file-name the following executed, the "ExtStorage_VolumeOperation.spd" and the the CFLCHK ExtStorage_VolumeOperation.spd UNIX, to CFLCHK (that CFLCHK.sh). the CLI Platform V/VM the of the spreadsheet that to including or path. The of the characters. the output of the spreadsheet that the including or path. The of the characters. If specify the as the input the input
CFLGET Command the CLI CFLGET output-file-directory The CFLGET command the information from the input spreadsheet. of the directory. containing the (the containing the information (the of the written the input-file-name the of the spreadsheet that the information to including relative or path. The of the characters. output-file-directory the directory that including or path. The of the directory characters. the following the specified the to the directory. This directory output such as CFLGET UNIX, to CFLGET (that CFLGET.sh). Universal Platform V/VM
CFLSET Command CFLSET output-file-name The CFLSET the the spreadsheet to the The the that specify when the CFLSET command. It recommended that the CFLCHK command the CFLSET command. though the CFLCHK that the spreadsheet might the following when the CFLSET command: input-file-name output-file-name the following executed, the "ExtStorage_VolumeOperation.spd" and the the CFLSET ExtStorage_VolumeOperation.spd UNIX, to CFLSET (that CFLSET.sh). the CLI Universal Platform V/VM or ready to another user the the of the spreadsheet that to including or path. The of the characters. the output of the spreadsheet, including or path. The of the characters. This includes the If specify the as the input the input
Spreadsheets Spreadsheet the CLI This section creating spreadsheets with CLI. Spreadsheet templates with of template and to write spreadsheet. about the template the products that the CLI. spreadsheet to the following Spreadsheet Item type Text The The of characters the including the The following the and The of the characters. of including spreadsheet End-of-line linefeed the of each of bytes, including the linefeed the Case-insensitive. Format each with the of the where written. and of or Platform V/VM
Spreadsheet The spreadsheet with consists of the following Declaration The following of spreadsheet. 05_02_01,CLI_RemoteCopyJournalMF,Get,; of Spreadsheet Declaration The the of spreadsheet. You to items the items the the products or the spreadsheet. the products that the CLI. Format shown The following items of the to the CLI Platform V/VM Template UR-MF infomation Specify the of the 05_02_01,CLI_RemoteCopyJournalMF,Get,; Specify the spreadsheet and the Declaration
the CLI Specify the that spreadsheet Specify the type of spreadsheet. to spreadsheet. This operation which as already written the types: operation products and Common the products that the CLI. the following characteristics: At least operation spreadsheet. Common written first written). written of the spreadsheet. this to spreadsheets. the products that the CLI. You specify the of the as Each with the of the where written. that as the of writing as follow: might written The the of and appear the following Platform V/VM
The the products. information about the products that the CLI. You type spreadsheet. of characters The that with the character or includes linefeed as or character the character. Common types: operation products and operation operation the products that the CLI. The which allows to that the the spreadsheet matches the of the It recommended that write the to of spreadsheets. Table of the Spreadsheet of the to or The of the CLI commands to the following the the each The below the where occurred the CLI Platform V/VM of of Characters
the CLI The following the Table Exported of the Exported Declaration Indicates the Normal Finished normally. of the Indicates the of the the CFLCHK command: with and about these the of as follows: The following shows when To where occurred, the the that with the characters. this occurred the 05_02_01,CLI_RemoteCopyJournalMF,PairOperation,;Error(6505-66004) OK [Suspend-Pair] NG(6505-66004) 00,04,40,01,P-VOL,00,64040,Group,Disable,Flush,; The following shows when To where occurred, the that the this occurred the first and fourth the 05_02_01,CLI_RemoteCopyJournalMF,PairOperation,;Warning(1305-66578) 64040,;Normal 00,04,42,01,P-VOL,00,64040,Volume,Disable,Flush,;Normal Universal Platform V/VM occurred occurred OK: Finished normally. occurred this the CFLGET or CFLSET command: Normal Finished normally. this
The following shows when hierarchy To where occurred, the with this occurred the that with 65536,;Normal the CLI Universal Platform V/VM Not the with the though the layers the first that with displays though the than the with or applied.
Troubleshooting This chapter to troubleshoot with the Troubleshooting Calling the Platform V/VM Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting troubleshooting information the the and Reference of the The the and of the troubleshooting the the cabling and the LAN. that both the and LAN cabling attached, and that the LAN operating properly. the that responding. If necessary, the and the Conditions. Table with the recommended each If to the Calling the information). the the If the of the becomes yellow Download the the FD If to first the USP V/VM information using the FD Downloading Trace the FD the Calling the and the information the to the service Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM the severity of the and the If to the or
Conditions and Recommended Actions Troubleshooting Conditions Condition Recommended Action Application The the and the and to the Then the The of the location as follows: and ID \Application and ID \Application the the Refresh and Refresh commands effective when the SVP from the the and the Refresh effective when the SVP from the though the of and to then clear cache of both and browser. instructions to clear of both and Clearing of and Browsers. and when the SVP from the Universal Platform V/VM UNIX: directory directory The SVP might ready or write from the other while, and then the Refresh the If the SVP restored though clicked the Refresh command, the Refresh command. occurred the SVP. Click Refresh the If the SVP though the Refresh command, to The of the might match the SVP the of and then clear cache of both and instructions to clear cache of both and Clearing of and Browsers. the cache the of the If the clear cache of both and browser, please
when the SVP from the and terminates while using while using The clock of the might to Troubleshooting Platform V/VM Condition Recommended Action The as follows: The SVP might restarted. or and then The of the might match the SVP the of and then clear cache of both and instructions to clear of both and Clearing of and Browsers. The might or hibernate If the cache the of the If the clear cache of both and please If of the actions the the and the and to the Then the The of the location as follows: and ID \Application and ID \Application UNIX: directory directory
Troubleshooting Condition Recommended Action respond. the following displayed front of the the the and back to of The whole displayed and back to of You of though the that displayed. The that displayed when the switches, however, the or operation of and the or when to terminate the with the following or boxes. to the abnormally (forcibly). If the the occurred. There the to passed. Universal Platform V/VM the Ctrl and once. If the the or terminate the with the following which and then the and terminate and UNIX: which and then terminate and command. If the using the the RMI time-out, and then the the which and then the and terminate and UNIX: which and then terminate and command. the when of
respond. the following front of the the the and back to of The whole and back to of You operation of though the that displayed. The that displayed when the switches, however, the or operation of and the or when to terminate the with the following internal or boxes. to the abnormally (forcibly). If the the occurred. There the to passed. The the rebooted. If the selecting the the while to the the and become occurred while to the boxes. to the If the the The indicating the The SVP as the displayed and there of the the following boxes. JRE the of the (TM) Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Condition Recommended Action the Ctrl and once. If the the or terminate the with the following which and then the and terminate and UNIX: which and then terminate and command. If the using the the RMI time-out, and then the the which and then the and terminate and UNIX: which and then terminate and command. the when of the while to the If the and become the JRE or JRE the Network that from the of the
Troubleshooting Condition Recommended Action the operation, the Incorrect the You clicked the Information and then the of the other the information the Information finished. the Information the of and reply. The commands the The options might clickable. or might the which displayed clicking the command. and to another location or the that location becomes The items with Click the buttons from the boxes, and then to the The of the becomes incorrect, GUI items such as and properly. The characters they from the and then or Click the Refresh the The characters that tree displayed. switch from to the the though clicked Apply to the operation, the the Universal Platform V/VM the the of the other that the of the Information finished, the the that the options If they of the following operations. Click the Refresh the Click the Refresh the to the boxes, and then to the and below the from the and then If this to the and then to the and then to the Click the Refresh the or
The that displayed other of than the that might this Press and to switch the forcibly closed while the which such as LDEV formatting, Incorrect the The displayed of the URL of the SVP to the Trusted of Others The the SVP updated. the and then the browsers. If should and the browsers. temporarily internal delayed. P.P. information might the SVP or You security expired. though the the expired. the the Accessing If to Copy the information using the FD Downloading Trace the FD and the Calling the the Operation the UNIX If the while displayed, the the If the while the Migration and the Priority displayed, these the The the Migration and the Priority active, Apply and the this the closed Troubleshooting Universal Platform V/VM Condition Recommended Action If the that displayed hours apply the to the the Calling the the which finishes, and then the Click the once Click the Migration and the Priority once the closed, the normally.
The incorrectly displayed the GUI items such as and properly. The of the displayed, which of the The forcibly (abnormally) closed. If and abnormally of the of the the performance becomes If this the first the operations. Clearing of and clear of both and to the necessary. JRE To clear cache, Clear the right of the of the JRE JRE or JRE To clear cache, the temporary the of the of the To clear cache, and from the of and then the Click the of the To clear cache, and then Preferences from the of the displayed Advanced and and then Clear Cache Troubleshooting Platform V/VM Condition Recommended Action the the the following commands the from the once, and then to the Shell: LANG=C LANG C Shell: LANG C
Calling the Troubleshooting If to the as information about the as Include the surrounding the or the information the the FD the of the and severity and reference displayed the of the Worldwide North America California, USA North Universal Platform V/VM
and Acronyms and CCI interface CLPR cache CPU CSV CU CV DKC DNS EMT64T Memory FTP Hierarchical Network HTTP HyperText IBM International Corporation IETF Force IP JRE JVM LAN network LDEV LU or type) LUN LVI OS operating RAID of RAID-1/-5 RAID architectures RAM Access Memory RCU RFC RMI invocation Platform V/VM
SAN SCSI interface SIM service information SNMP SN SPARC Architecture SSL VOL secondary SVP service TCP/IP UDP URL V-VOL VOL Acronyms-2 and Platform V/VM