HITACHI G-SWORD ROTARY SHAVER INSTRUCTIONS household RM-LTX7000DY RM-LTX7000 AC/RECHARGEABLE
of which the to death or serious to the the of Items classified as follows. items related to Items the and properly, and to and to the user and other they therefore to them. English to the or to property (house or household of or which the to the of of which the to death or serious to the user the of prohibited" "Prohibited location" This "prohibited" this). "Prohibited to of graphic physical, or or of and knowledge, hey or instruction concerning of the This (including with reduced their reading, to this where users to 240V AC supply. of fires and shocks) the from This "compulsory" to they or insertion to the outlet of shocks, and ignition) heavy top, or the around the (If the fires or Children should to that they with the allow or to to the and of shock, and ignition) the within reach of of Prohibited them or splash them. of and the and LED light with Also, the light while the LED light of light) foam-shave or with while the AC. of and Prohibited
to the from the outlet and or the to/from the with of or the and LED light where splashed, such as bathroom, or with high humidity. of and the from the supply cleaning Prohibited of and to with The wears each used. wear as as the technician repairs. of fires, or or of of to Prohibited or to to the to of shocks, or ignition) disconnecting the cord, the and that them. of shocks, or ignition) of ingestion of force to amount of to the and of to physical the sufficiently, and charge of burns to heating) of of immediately with amount of flowing and of This shaving only. other than shaving. of to and shortening the of the of to the bathroom to and operation, free from occurring the of to or deformation of the to the clean the assembly with cleaning of of the or to the of to or to the the strongly. or with the of to the to the with family or others. of infection or inflammation) Prohibited
of burns the light or that becomes the from the LED light other and LED light than the included. Also, other with the included of fires or heating) apply the directly to ears and of to ears and Prohibited of to the to and of the the LED light or and allow to or exposed to and high the or the with and thinner, other than this with the LED light of of the performance of or to the of and to the or heater, of deformation and or shaving of of the charge each of of to the the of of injury, burns, or shocks and fires from to the from the outlet when used. insulation the protection functioning increased (If the when the switch turned ON, the to the If the to the too strongly as the or The connecting the and turning "ON" the switch the and then ON the switch Charge as or of this operation. assembly this the assembly and Head Selects Lithium Battery Selector turned "ON" and this If this switch pressed, the the turned "OFF". Switch and function of each the to the and and cleaning washer assembled. The from the assembly. (incorporated the Protects the assembly Cleaning washer Head
Flashes of seconds) Each the switch pressed, switches Flashes of seconds) while the to ON and OFF. Lights Light to switch The of the three the "EMP" flashes this that The operates to light charging the (flashing) Normal (lighting off) the of the this the outlet to its base. Cord KH-187B Charger Cleaning Catch Used when to beard charge: The (Red) charging completed: The Charging to securely catch beard. with the or when closely off. instructions, that the about to At below the recommended the charging If the of operating of with the (The greatly to the of and causing charge and reduced of operating to the included 240V AC The charging the of 35C with or service listed. You LED light Preparation Each service life. Charge first to charge LED light (Included the RM-LTX7000DY) The switch turned or rough beard the this upward. switch the properly. Charging where splashed such as bathroom or with high or to/from the outlet with of or injury) of or the and the Turn OFF the switch. Turn "OFF" the switch and the to the and the sufficiently to of burns to and heat charging completed: The off. charge: The lights (red). Charging
the of the the charging turned off early. the to the LED light and and the the charging of the LED light Charging LED light (Included the RM-LTX7000DY) If the switch the switch flash. the switch turned "ON," this It the switch If charging as the to the charging the completely the charging light. off to the and the charging of the LED Please another from the TV, charging or operation. Recommended light the and the slightly heat this of the from the charging while holding the LED light and the from the outlet and LED light charging LED light (Included the RM-LTX7000DY) of the holding the The LED light as the its fits the of the LED light holding the If the flashes when the switch turned "ON," this that charging required. Charge to charge beard thickness, force to of and (The of operating the operating such as With charge, about three The charging hours. light while Used as the "EMP" flashes, the to "HIGH," "MID" and "EMP" light: or "MID" and "EMP" light: or "EMP" flashes: Charging "EMP" light: than NOTICE to the of the battery, recommended to charge the of 30C. where the 40C or or Charge that the 10C or and 35C. At or higher the performance Charge the EMP flashes. to performance, the following: overcharge. The become This lithium-ion battery. cool where 0C or
or below the recommended the or It recommended to the of 5C to 35C. while lightly applying the to reduced of operating to with of the or or with the or to of to and of to the with the of to that there and of the of to the to to the of to to with the approximately as You turning the continuously or The If the "EMP" or charge flashes, this that charging required. Charge the to with the as to lightly the the flow of The or lights. beard with the and with the shaving beard which to the The three seconds. the or the as it with Press the to Lightly the and upward. "OFF" the switch and the the hand, and beard. the and "ON" the switch.. the switch operation. beard the arrow to Direct the upward. If amount of beard the or the the the "EMP" flashing, the the turned off, and the to the The flashes The "lights The operates to the and beard thickness. Normal Select the the selected. the to the the the or selection lights flashes
Beard strongly and the of or to thick beard. Beard comfortably and softly to beard and finishing. The "lights The "turned off." Normal off. lights. off. off. the switch turned "OFF," the The the The and turned off. Further lightly to the to than when (without shaving If shaving, apply If and the including the of the Commercially to smooth the and and shaving of or of the sharpness and reduction operating of to and of to the Foam-shaving with AC. of to with foam-shaving with to with to and apply to the strongly to the Foam-shaving where splashed such as bathroom or with high this the switch turned "OFF," the charging If the completely the to If the completely or to charge the to the and outlet and "ON" the switch. foam-shave or with of and charging the about of and Leaving bathroom, and Apply and free from shaving. the to with AC "OFF" the switch and the from the outlet and The when the with A/C. Charge once month. following to with the Recommended Turn "ON" the switch and the to with Lightly the to and the arrow direction.(Fig.15) with the the With the attached the of the and If the pulled and the strongly. of to caused, and sharpness.
If the with the If the the and Turn "OFF" the switch and the operation. (The the of the of the once or to without forcibly to the disconnected Recommended of beard sharpness or of beard with to to clean the assembly with the because reduction operating the and the cleaning used. heat with apply the included to the to sharpness of the or of the the assembly with Smoothens rotation. sharpness. the strongly. of to or to the with when using the with AC. of to the from the outlet and them or splash them. of and the and LED light with Also, of or injury) the assembly with the cleaning of of the or of the Purchase optionally the attached Turn "OFF" the switch to the and head The assembly washed with Cleaning with containing amount of hours, Please to to the assembly" to or the assembly. If or to with apply amount of If the assembly, the or to the "ON" the switch, and the of the "ON" the switch without the and with the head approximately seconds. Then, the once to of and of the the of of the then with to of of bathroom or Turn "ON" the switch and or the assembly and approximately seconds to the and assembly. Press the head to the head the arrow the while the head approximately seconds. Turn ON the switch.
"ON" the switch, apply the included to the and and (This sharpness, reduction of the reduction operating to wear of the and heat of the the of the and with and the The head connected where facing back to front. the front of the head the switch to apply the to the and to seconds, "OFF" the switch. Recommended Press the of the head to the head with off the and head of the assembly off) Lightly off the with If off CAUTION (Notched to the back the head clicks. If the months or the Leaving bathroom, EMP flashes, and then charge free from of the battery. of the battery. the Suction the to the LED light and Drying with the LED light (Included the RM-LTX7000DY) of or The and of the reach of the suction This cleaning with off the and the head the as its front (switch front and its and the the light lights approximately the switch lights and the light lights hours, and the inscription G-SWORD the LED light flashes Lightly off the with the topple off to the and Mount the the LED light of seconds) and then this exclusively. Press the switch. The hours. of it with the that the become hours, the (If the 15C, the switches to the LED light and the LED approximately If the switch when the properly, the G-SWORD the switch flashes the LED light hours.)
the (when the G-SWORD the switch lights). of burns the light or that becomes If the months or the EMP flashes, and then charge the and the from the the LED light with of apply the and from and (Cleaning with apply the and free from To performance of the lithium-ion cleaning, the the assembly and head and cover and to seconds, "OFF" the switch, and the of the and the Please to to the assembly" to the assembly. Once turn "ON" the switch, apply of the included to the and Please to to the assembly" to the assembly. the to the or the caught the Turn "OFF" the switch and the head and the assembly. Clean the and the assembly with cleaning with Recommended the catch, the LED light turned Lightly to the light and the with cloth of or internal of the catch) Clean the corners and and with of the LED light (Included the RM-LTX7000DY) to the from the LED light the catch the button. the and lightly with cloth or the LED light or The LED light with to the short-circuiting the board. or with the catch. Clean the Clean the catch. the with cloth which or and thinner, of and and CAUTION while the buttons. to the assembly the assembly, to the and "OFF" the strongly the assembly. of and to of of of the or heat of the (Cleaning with to apply the included switch. of
Press the of the head to assembly. Press the head to the head the arrow the assembly to the right and both of Turn "OFF" the switch to the and head otherwise, the assembly straight to the assembly. the and of the assembly and the both of the assembly clicks. and lightly both and the assembly properly attached. Press the of the head to the head The head where it facing back to front. The assembly connected where facing back to front. the front of the head to the switch Confirm the of the assembly. Floating of the assembly the following: Troubleshooting assembly clicks allowing the outer-cutter to the of beard Symptom to the assembly securely heavy of beard the the shortage. of beard with the switch ON of operating rotation sharpness Turn OFF the switch, and charge the once, and EMP flashes to Charge when the that charging required. months or There as charge. Charging off early of beard the of charge. shortage. with the switch ON flashes early to the to the the properly the charging properly connected. to the properly connected. properly to the LED light to the of the LED light switch flashing of charging with the LED light
and off the the and the Specifications of the LED light of with the LED light Symptom the and to off with Rated hours as Charging Battery (Lithium-ion 3.6V DC, LED light Cleaning 240V AC, 14VA (KH-187B) supply If the to the or clothing, sufficiently with clean and then If the immediately with clean and then If they suspected of the battery, immediately If the with the following action. the of reach of charge the and also: of heat catching fire, or such as fire or scorching with shock, or or together with and with throw fire or overheat Please when of the and C from the front using or the the switch ON the completely to the lithium-ion battery. the screws from the cover with screwdriver, and the the with screwdriver or the and the front the head and outer-cutter assembly. to the lithium-ion of the and This includes recyclable when of the Screws the lithium-ion battery, and the wires the of the battery. screwdriver the screws from the housing and the housing Lithium-ion Housing C Lead wires the and wires of the lithium-ion of or burns)