HITACHI HITACHI HITACHI HITACHI BM BM----530 BM BM Thank purchasing this Please this and the properly. This household only. Please other USER MANUAL USER MANUAL USER MANUAL USER MANUAL
Precautions Precautions Precautions Precautions The specially and eyebrows. the to or Users, who or where there or should the force the the and to the following or to heat or bursting of the battery: Properly the to the to OFF the switch inspection, the when the of of reach of the or or splash the or unauthorized technician.
of and of and operation of and of and Switch Switch Switch Switch the switch to ON the Cleaning Battery Battery cover Battery cover Battery cover to cover the
to to to to (LR03/AAA). If other type of used, the and to the cover the of the arrow and the (LR03/AAA) the properly to the If the would operated. the of to the switch and the cover closed firmly. switch
to to to to the and force the the to or the when or applied. ****U UU If applied, and the the If the the first shaving inconspicuous Turn the switch to ON, apply the to around and the the of the than It while shaving. to the switch to OFF
to to to to (Forehead, and (Forehead, and (Forehead, and (Forehead, and Apply the to gently, and the the flow of and around and around and around and around the properly and to the right. with and the as (Arms and (Arms and (Arms and (Arms and from the wrist the and from the the the the of to eyebrow to eyebrow to eyebrow to eyebrow the eyebrow the properly and to the right.
to the eyebrow to the eyebrow to the eyebrow How to the eyebrow the eyebrow with eyebrow and trimming. The of of and respectively. Turn the switch to OFF, the Turn the switch to OFF, the Turn the switch to OFF, the Turn the switch to OFF, the to eyebrow clicks. to eyebrow clicks. to eyebrow clicks. to eyebrow clicks. the to of the eyebrow the to of the eyebrow Turn the switch to ON, and the Turn the switch to ON, and the Turn the switch to ON, and the Turn the switch to ON, and the of of eyebrows. eyebrows. of of eyebrows. eyebrows. the eyebrow with eyebrow and to from the to the of eyebrow. eyebrow eyebrow eyebrow
to and clean to and to and to and to the switch to OFF when cleaning cleaner only. or splash the Clean off of with cloth with and thinner. It would and tarnishing. to clean to which and and with cleaning only. How to to to to the towards the of the arrow. the the of the arrow. to to to clean to Clean and the with cleaning cleaning, of to of and the while. Then, clean off the and of the of
to to How to to If the the the of the arrow. the the front of the the of the to to and clean and to to and clean and With pressing the the the of the arrow. Then, the to the the the Trouble shooting Trouble shooting Trouble shooting Trouble shooting Please the following authorized the first. If the authorized without yourself. Symptom Symptom Symptom Symptom The the and The The rotation of to consumed. battery. The and the of cleaner.