Three One HDF-325H HDF-385H
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS of the instructions using this this basic including the following: this its as this and This properly with the instructions used. grounding instructions the section. the cord. the and straight from the or immediately, service cords that become or otherwise that shows cracks or its length, the or the cleaning or repairs. If reason this service, strongly that technician the service. or defrosting If used, that the This reduce the of to operation, the the when or to these foods, which completely. This should recessed or built-in It freestanding only. the of of recommended.
SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS of child throw off the the shelves that Thank This easy-to-use the of to the and They back of the Reference Please DANGER children easily of purchase
Precautions Unpacking Circulation............................................................................. Food Castors Defrosting and Food Infor mation Sounds and Cleaning Cleaning and Interruptions Vacation and oubleshooting oubleshooting PAGE
light) Coated and
This includes the and Inspect and of or only. the floor,which enough to the than If the upright least Circulation To the efficiency The following recommended clearances around the holding the and the It should recessed or built-in. loaded. This the and the sealed hours to This to allow the to should location where there and Top
there and grounding to safety,this properly ground. location properly insulated or Select location the the or service the grounding instruction completely ,or as to whether the properly grounded. heated from or heat heaters, cooking should corrected.
Once the its the the the and the Initially the food the light indicating that the operation). using the hours the to or allow back the select. The the the the to and allow hours to the to
Food Castors with easy the following these easy the food from the the its the of the the with screws the other three the the to its upright and the food to hours the to allow the to It allows to food accessably or it
Defrosting and The Defrost whenever the frost becomes thick. or to the frost as the cooling (A the warranty) beneath the the and that the arrow This the the the from the of the Defrosting hours. To the the and the arrow to the the the the the to overflow. the of the and the the the to the and and to the the and to lock.Turn to
and Cleaning Cleaning and Warning: To shock Interruptions Occasionally there interruptions to thunderstorms or and vacations or the food from the cleaning. this warning death or injury. using cleaning products, and follow instructions and to or cleaning of of with or cloth, with the cleaning to with and with cloth. chemicals, bleach,concentrated or scouring of these chemicals and/or Clean three months to instructions. and to lightly the hinge of the and other the from outlet when restored, to If prolonged inspect and or food Clean the to cleaning" section. the the
TroubleShooting Not thermostat the there the the to whether to Food appears too Allow recently food to reach to Food too cold: If too cold, to warmer and allow hours to too frequently: This to high and The or of to the completely closed. from food cleaning. improperly wrapped or sealed off
supply the turned the the significantly. The the turning the thermostat clockwise or anticlockwise to the and the food The thermostat the from to The of the the of the highest and the lowest the thermostat to intended,turn the SUPPER FREEZER SWITCH and the thermostat function disabled,the cooling the SUPPER FREEZER switch turned off Loading the food while hours and hours the food the Completely the to the and the clockwise or anticlockwise to or the the reached.The of this the of of and amount of food SUPER FREEZER(yellow light light) o