with GPS MMP-501 Thank purchasing this HITACHI To the performance and please this Please this reference. MMP-501 IM AM
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS please the following this serious and/or to property or this The following this Please the of the reading the instructions this section. the instruction. There of serious or WARNING death to the the instruction. There of and/ CAUTION or property WARNING It responsibility to and the that or property Mount the that and the mount the that with the operation of the vehicle, the of or other the while the the with the and its operation. the to search services, It that the to the services. this information to the constantly that the and The to as and of location or topography. the aircraft CAUTION the while it the cool, of sunlight. the to sunlight prolonged Overheating the To theft, the vehicle. to to these and to death, serious or property installation or of the that to death, or property or that MMP-501 IM AM
CONTENTS SAFETY PRECAUTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear PREPARATION the AC the the Battery Positioning the MMP-501 IM AM BASIC OPERATION Started Navigation Brightness the with Bluetooth TROUBLESHOOTING SPECIFICATIONS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Instructions the and operating instructions should the operated. Instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should followed. Cleaning the from the outlet or cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. attachments/ the Water and the or or the or The causing serious to child or and serious to the only with or recommended the or with the mounting of the should follow the instructions and should mounting accessory the The and should with force, and the and to and the and to of the and to from overheating, and these or covered. The should the or other The should built-in such as bookcase or MMP-501 IM AM or the instructions Sources The should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of supply to or products to from or other to the operating instructions. Grounding or The with than the other). This the outlet only This If to the the the If the should to to the of the Cord Protection cords should routed that they to or pinched items or them, to cords and the where they from the Lightning protection the or when and of from the or lighting This to the to and should located the vicinity of overhead or other light or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might and cords as this of or shock.
and Entry of the through as they or short-out that or shock. of the Servicing to service the as or covers to or other servicing to service Service the from the outlet or and servicing to service the following the or If or the If the to or If the normally following the operating instructions. those that covered the operating instructions as of other and often service technician to the to its operation. If the or the performance, this service. required, the service the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized shock or other MMP-501 IM AM of service or repairs to the the service to to that the operating Heat the heat such as heat or other products (including that heat. Location the of sunlight, heating closed high high humidity, or as the internal seriously of and the with the when the AC the cord. the AC from the outlet or the when the of Hearing headphones high hearing. the while or as Notes: the of the heated. This the LCD red, white or This and the performance.
FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear MMP-501 IM AM
the Top Switches the Bluetooth and the previous AV IN the AV Light the lighting and the brightness. Microphone Touch Screen Charge Indicates when the charging. GPS from GPS when to the the MMP-501 IM AM VOL USB USB to the Earphone earphones. AC or GPS the or off. Card SD or MMC memory AV IN AV input.
PREPARATION the player, please to the following installation. of or please the immediately. AC USB AV Earphones Suction mount Mounting Warranty CD-ROM the AC the AC to the the the of the AC to the the the to the the the other of the to the MMP-501 IM AM the Battery To Charge the Battery the the Charge the the Charge off. To charge the using the AC to the and the To charge the vehicle, the to the and the Notes: the AC or The charging of about hours and the The about hours of operation. It the to become charging. The when the turned The charging recharging partially the high or heat The should of 5C to 35C. the or heat To the life, of should about turning the To the life, charge or to
Positioning the The the of the vehicle the suction mount and mounting the mounting the suction mount. the mounting the suction mount. suction mount where the to the the that the suction mounted to. Press the suction to the then the the MMP-501 IM AM the the mounting the the mounting mounting the and of the suction mount that the to the the GPS to the and the ready to used. WARNING Mount the that and the mount the that with the operation of the vehicle, the of or other
BASIC OPERATION MMP-501 IM AM Started Press the while to the player. The Top appears the You to the Top the MENU Navigation the Top to The displayed. Please to the operation. to and to the Top
MMP-501 IM AM Brightness The light that the lighting and the automatically. You the manually. the Top to Brightness To the Brightness to the Brightness. The brightness of the to the lighting automatically. To the Brightness Manually to the brightness or to the of the to to the Top or to to the Top
MMP-501 IM AM You MP3 and MPEG-4 SD or MMC memory the SD or MMC memory to the the Top to player The displayed. SDMMC DISK to the The displayed. Select and the to the playback.
MMP-501 IM AM Entertainment The following buttons appear the Entertainment to the interface. to the or to the or to to the to to the Top to the to the playback. to the playback. to the to the playback. to the to increase the to the MPEG-4 to to the to the to the or the repeatedly.
MMP-501 IM AM the with The Bluetooth to phone with Bluetooth, to them. Press the to Bluetooth The Bluetooth displayed. the Bluetooth The searching phone to search MMP-501 and MMP-501. Once the completed, the appears. You the to or Notes: Please to phone the instructions. the would prompted as the To the phone to the to the
MMP-501 IM AM Bluetooth The following buttons appear the Bluetooth to the Bluetooth to to the with to the function. to increase the or to the to the or to the to or to or to the to the to switch the and to off the microphone.
TROUBLESHOOTING If of the following while the this troubleshooting to the Should service Symptom The The exhausted. the battery. The The to Increase the sound. The too The bright Increase the brightness enough. The The GPS to the of the GPS the vehicle. The GPS clear of to information from the GPS The GPS The The GPS interrupted reception. GPS coverage. to snowing, the cleared, the should seconds. MMP-501 IM AM The AC or the or the AC the outlet or the the the GPS the If the vehicle with heated or heat-reecting with to the GPS
SPECIFICATIONS GPS Section GPS Refresh TFT LCD (H V) Unit Specication to without MMP-501 IM AM inch (RGB)
MEMO MMP-501 IM AM
MEMO MMP-501 IM AM
MMP-501 IM AM