with GPS MMP-401 Thank purchasing this HITACHI To the performance and please this Please this reference. MMP-401 IM.indd AM
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS please the following using this serious and/or to property or this The following this Please the of the reading the instructions this section. the instruction. There of serious or WARNING death to the the instruction. There of and/ CAUTION or property WARNING It responsibility to and the that or property Mount the that and the mount the that with the operation of the vehicle, the of or other the while the the with the and its operation. the to search services, It that the to the services. this information to the constantly that the and The to as and of location or topography. the CAUTION the while the of sunlight. the to prolonged Overheating the To theft, the vehicle. to to these and to death, serious or property or of the that to death, or property or that MMP-401 IM.indd AM
CONTENTS SAFETY PRECAUTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear Top PREPARATION Accessories the AC the the Battery Positioning the MMP-401 IM.indd AM BASIC OPERATION Started Navigation Brightness Screen TROUBLESHOOTING SPECIFICATIONS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Instructions the and operating instructions should the operated. Instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should followed. Cleaning the from the or lighter cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. Only attachments/ the Water and the or or the or The causing serious to child or and serious to the only with or recommended the or with the mounting of the should follow the instructions and should mounting accessory recommended the The and should with force, and the and to and the and to of the and to from overheating, and these or covered. The should the or other The should built-in such as bookcase or MMP-401 IM.indd AM or the instructions to. Sources The should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of to or products to from or other to the operating instructions. Grounding or The with than the other). This the outlet This If to the the the If the should to to the of the Cord Protection cords should routed that they to or pinched items or them, to cords and the where they from the Lightning protection the or when and of from the outlet or lighting This to the to and should located the of overhead or other light or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might outlets and cords as this of or shock.
and Entry of the through as they or short-out that or shock. of the Servicing to service the as or covers to or other servicing to service Service the from the or and servicing to service the following the or If or the If the to or If the normally following the operating instructions. those that covered the operating instructions as of other and often service to the to its operation. If the or the performance, this service. required, the service the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized shock or other MMP-401 IM.indd AM of service or repairs to the the service to to that the operating Heat the heat such as heat or other products (including that heat. Location the of sunlight, heating closed high high humidity, or as the internal seriously of Shock and the with the when the AC the cord. the AC from the or the when the of Hearing headphones high hearing. the while or as Notes: the of the heated. This the LCD red, white or This and the performance.
FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear Top MMP-401 IM.indd AM
Touch Charge Indicates when the the touch to selections and information. GPS from GPS when to the the or off. MMP-401 IM.indd AM USB USB to Earphone earphones. AC or GPS Card SD or MMC memory the player.
PREPARATION the player, please to the following installation. of or please the immediately. AC USB Earphones Suction mount Mounting Warranty CD-ROM the AC the AC to the the the of the AC to the the the to the the the other of the to the lighter MMP-401 IM.indd AM the Battery To Charge the Battery the the Charge the the Charge off. To the using the AC to the and the To charge the player vehicle, the to the and the Notes: the AC or The charging of about hours and the The about hours of operation. It the to become The when the The charging recharging the high or heat The should of 5C to 35C. the or heat To the life, of should about turning the To the life, charge it or to
Positioning the The the of the vehicle using the suction mount and mounting the mounting the suction the mounting the suction mount. suction mount where the to the the that the suction mounted Press the suction to the then the the MMP-401 IM.indd AM the the mounting the the mounting mounting the of the suction mount that the to the the GPS to the and the ready to used. WARNING Mount the that and the mount the that with the of the vehicle, the of or other
BASIC OPERATION MMP-401 IM.indd AM Started Press the while to the player. The Top appears the You to the Top the Navigation the Top to The displayed. Please to the operation. to and to the Top Brightness the Top to Brightness or to the brightness of the to to the Top
MMP-401 IM.indd AM the Top to or to the to the sound or to the sound. to to the Top You MP3 and MPEG-4 SD or MMC memory the SD or MMC memory to the the Top to The displayed. SDMMC DISK to the The displayed. and the to the playback.
MMP-401 IM.indd AM Screen The following appear the to the interface. to the or to the or to to the to to the Top to the previous to the playback. to the playback. to the to the playback. to the to increase the to the MPEG-4 to to the to the to the or the repeatedly.
TROUBLESHOOTING If of the following while the this troubleshooting to the Should service Symptom The The exhausted. the battery. The The to Increase the sound. The too The bright Increase the brightness enough. The The GPS to the of the GPS the vehicle. The GPS clear of to information from the GPS The player GPS The The GPS reception. GPS coverage. to buildings, snowing, the obstruction cleared, the should seconds. MMP-401 IM.indd AM The AC or the or the AC the outlet or the the lighter the GPS the If the vehicle with heated or heat-reecting with to the GPS
SPECIFICATIONS GPS Section GPS Refresh TFT LCD (H V) Unit Specication to without MMP-401 IM.indd AM inch (RGB)
MEMO MMP-401 IM.indd AM
MMP-401 IM.indd AM