Instruction with GPS MMP-501B Thank purchasing this HITACHI To the performance and please this Please this reference. MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS please the following this serious and/or to property or this The following this Please the of the reading the instructions this section. the instruction. There of serious or WARNING death to the the instruction. There of and/ CAUTION or property WARNING It responsibility to and the that or property Mount the that and the mount the that with the of the vehicle, the of or other the while using the the with the and its operation. the to search services, It that the to the services. this information to the constantly that the and The to as and of location or topography. the CAUTION the while the cool, of sunlight. the to sunlight prolonged Overheating the To theft, the vehicle. to to these and to death, serious or property or of the that to death, or property or that MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM
CONTENTS SAFETY PRECAUTIONS IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear PREPARATION Accessories the AC the the Battery Positioning the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM BASIC OPERATION Started Navigation Brightness Entertainment Screen the with TROUBLESHOOTING SPECIFICATIONS
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Instructions the and operating instructions should the operated. Instructions The and operating instructions should retained reference. the and the operating instructions should to. Follow Instructions operating and instructions should followed. Cleaning the from the outlet or cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. attachments/ the Water and the bath or or the or The causing serious to child or and serious to the with or recommended the or with the mounting of the should follow the instructions and should mounting accessory recommended the The and should with force, and the and to and the and to operation of the and to it from overheating, and these or covered. The should the or other The should built-in such as bookcase or MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM or the instructions to. Sources The should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of supply to home, or products to from or other to the operating instructions. Grounding or The with than the other). This the This If to the the the If the should to to the of the Cord Protection should routed that they to or pinched items or them, to cords and the where they from the Lightning protection the or when and of from the outlet or lighting This to the to and should located the of overhead or other light or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might outlets and cords as this of or shock.
and Entry of the through as they or short-out that or shock. of the Servicing to service the as or covers to or other servicing to service Service the from the outlet or and servicing to service the following the or If or the If the to or If the normally following the operating instructions. those that covered the operating instructions as of other and often service technician to the to its operation. If the or the performance, this service. required, the service the or the characteristics as the Unauthorized shock or other MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM of service or repairs to the the service to to that the operating Heat the heat such as heat or other products (including that heat. Location the of sunlight, heating closed high high humidity, or as the internal seriously of Shock and the with the when the AC the cord. the AC from the outlet or the when the of Hearing headphones high hearing. the while or as the of the heated. This the LCD red, white or This and the performance.
FUNCTIONAL OVERVIEW Rear MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM
MENU the Top Switches to the Bluetooth or from the player Bluetooth AV IN Switches the AV input and Light the lighting and the brightness. Microphone Touch Charge Indicates when the GPS from GPS when to the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM VOL RESET the USB USB to the Earphone earphones. AC or GPS the or off. Card SD or MMC memory AV IN AV input.
PREPARATION the please to the following of or please the immediately. AC USB AV Earphones Suction mount Mounting Warranty CD-ROM the AC the AC to the the the of the AC to the the the to the the the other of the to the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM the Battery To Charge the Battery the battery the Charge the the Charge off. To charge the using the AC to the and the To charge the vehicle, the to the and the the AC or charging. The charging of about hours and the The about hours of operation. It the to become The when the turned The charging recharging the high or heat The should of 5C to 35C. the or heat To the life, of it should about turning the To the life, charge or to
Positioning the The the of the vehicle using the suction mount and mounting the mounting the suction mount. the mounting the suction mount. where the to the the that the suction mounted to. Press the suction to the then the the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM the the mounting the the mounting the and of the suction mount that the player to the the GPS to the and the ready to used. WARNING Mount the that and the mount the that with the of the vehicle, the of or other
BASIC OPERATION Started Press the while to the The Top appears the You to the Top the MENU button. Navigation the Top to The displayed. Please to the operation. to and to the Top MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM Brightness The light that the lighting and the automatically. You the brightness manually. the Top to Brightness To the Brightness The Brightness displayed. The of the to the lighting automatically. To the Brightness Manually to the to the of the touch to the Brightness. to to the Top or or to to the Top
the to the The appears the Press the to the sound. The appears the or the to the sound. MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM
Entertainment You the or SD or MMC memory the SD or MMC memory to the the Top to The SDMMC DISK displayed. SDMMC DISK to The displayed. to or to To or the or to MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM Select and the to While the to the To the to Select and the to While the to the
The following appear the The following appear the and MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM to to the Top to the to the or to the or to the thumbnail to the to to the to or repeatedly. to the to the previous to the playback. to the playback. to the to the playback. to to the The following appear the to the to the continuously. to the to the anticlockwise. to the clockwise. to to the
the with The Bluetooth to with Bluetooth, to them. Press the the or the Top to Bluetooth The the to the the to the hint. The hint seconds. to search/pair the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM Once the completed, the appears. You the to or Please to phone the instructions. the prompted as the If established and the once phone Bluetooth turned with the directly. To the the to the phone to the to the
To or there Bluetooth the there incoming the to the the from phone or displayed. MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM to the or To Record the to the record. to to the the record. to to to or
Waiting know trying to while there Bluetooth the there the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM Bluetooth the phone from the the Bluetooth and the The If the the
The following appear the MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM to the Bluetooth or off. to the to the record. to the to the to clear the telephone the to or If the this the record. to or there this to the interface. to the The they to on/off the microphone and switch the and switched to the this to to with the phone quickly. If connected with the this them.
TROUBLESHOOTING If of the following while the this troubleshooting to the Should service Symptom The The exhausted. the battery. The The to Increase the sound. The too The touch bright Increase the enough. The The GPS to the of the GPS player the vehicle. The GPS clear of to information from the GPS The GPS The The GPS reception. GPS coverage. to buildings, the obstruction cleared, the should seconds. MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM The AC or the or the AC the outlet or the the the GPS the If the vehicle with heated or heat-re ecting with to the GPS
SPECIFICATIONS GPS Section GPS Refresh TFT LCD (H V) Unit to without MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM inch (RGB)
MMP-501B IM MMP-501B IM PM PM