T-17SXL to of this T269-2-201 this and reference. this and the instructions. this ease of reference. T269-2-201 Software
T-17SXL Reproduction or reprinting, without of this or thereof prohibited. The of this to without Every to that this and correct. should to please inform the Please that this responsibility from the of this of the FCC Warning The user that and to the without of the the authority to this This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Software and warranty, or the of this Also, the warranty as to the merchantability or products of Software this presently or site-licensed. who purchased the product(s) bear the of services, repairs, and from this and bear the of or indirect (including the of profits or information) that from the Software the right to this and to the thereof, without to Notices English
T-17SXL This to the United States and warranty to the of this This of the (T269-2-201) the following products: 95.64301G00A T-17SXL) The T-17SXL incorporates 17-inch LCD integrated NT XP and of Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) and other countries. Other and and/or of their respective Creation First Edition T269-2-201 Rights Copyright Software Repairs the below technical concerning this Software America, Gateway South CA Product Provisions English
T-17SXL and and this and this to the and of this and to and property These and their as explained below. the information reading the of the incorrectly, to or CAUTION WARNING This the of that, or incorrectly, to death or serious CAUTION This the of that, or This the of that, or incorrectly, to to surrounding property. This to (including This something prohibited. This something that English
T-17SXL Precautions comply with them Securely the the the with hand. cleaning this the this process, or forcibly the If securely, overheating possibly shock or fire. shock shock shock The fire or shock. WARNINGS this the and the or the the the to about the locations of the the the indicated supply The might possibly shock or fire. If the pulled, might possibly shock or fire. If fire or shock might The might possibly causing the to thereby causing or with their locations. If the other than the indicated, fire or shock. English
T-17SXL comply with them other than the accessory the the of this this location with high or high humidity. If other than the accessory used, fire or shock might to fire. If or this shock or fire might If should the from the and This to Humidity: to allowed to WARNINGS or the of this this or of its the This Product of as with the and heavy the heat or The areas, shock or other might and or might The causing fire or shock. English
T-17SXL comply with them the following the from the AC outlet and the technical of Software. the or AC the the to or this malfunctions, when operated to the instruction this within the specified the instruction other service to this or its the functionality of this and service This the mercury. this legislating the and of mercury. necessary. WARNINGS WARNINGS English
T-17SXL thought to the this and this might operating this themselves as as follow instructions. the AC with this P. of or the or fire. only AC or specified the the and the when the the without holding the the or to the the easily P. light and lighting, which off the the easily account the battery, to the rear too forcefully. If too force when closing the of the the Warning Warning Warning WARNINGS CAUTION CAUTION P. P. English
T-17SXL Introduction Preparations Product and Functions Screen Switch Connector Function Assembly and the How to the Procedure Procedures Turning the On................................................................................... the to the Operations the Battery the the the OSD OSD and Their Functions OSD Troubleshooting.................................................................................................. Specifications......................................................................................... How to of the StarBoard.................................................................... LCD Provisions of Product Warranty.......................................................................... English
T-17SXL Introduction Introduction Preparations This section covers using the StarBoard. Please this section thoroughly the the first Product T-17SXL and easy-to-use interactive board that PC with and write text and to PC as as input those to the PC. Those features when the included software PC connected to the StarBoard. directly to the PC the to the PC the displayed the LCD The Software allows text and to written to the PC, and allows the text and to input to the PC as That then printed, or otherwise manipulated. as as the PC The as as the PC the Software included. Compatible with Text and written Microsoft That allows to further to text and to of That allows easy of and function buttons the Software assigned to the function located the top of the StarBoard. Those buttons as shortcuts when using the software. English
T-17SXL Introduction that of the following included. Qty. 17-inch LCD AAA AC RGB USB Software (CD-ROM) T-17SXL (this Software Function Warranty Sheet The as this the as the software which included with the English
T-17SXL Introduction and Functions LCD and operating of and back) text and graphical information with the and the to PC. The to the The LCD the of to The to to the PC to allow from the switch Function buttons the These switches to the ON/OFF, OSD and the software assigned to these buttons. function Function of this English
T-17SXL Introduction Switch AUTO/SELECT the OSD the OSD of this This the LCD ON/OFF This when normally to the and detected. It when from the PC, or when This to the and OSD This to the OSD Press selections to apply those. This to ON/OFF. It to OSD options and Brightness the and buttons the This to OSD options and English
T-17SXL Introduction Connector Top VGA input VGA of Right The AC connected This to PC RGB to from the PC. This to such as RGB to the StarBoard. input USB This to PC from the The connected to this USB connected English
T-17SXL Introduction Function ToolBar Software New Previous Next the function buttons, the T-17SXL Function ToolBar. the the currently the the currently Topic the Topic Switches to PC Switches to PC which operations the PC the instead of the English
T-17SXL Introduction Assembly and the following when the StarBoard. Select location. locations that cold, or locations to sunlight. the Follow the shown below to the the the to the and release the English
T-17SXL Introduction that the and the and the when the the without holding the the or to the the easily the easily account light and which off the to the The T-17SXL with the back the the when CAUTION vertically English
T-17SXL Introduction Procedure Follow the below to the PC and StarBoard. the RGB to the VGA input the of the StarBoard, and the screws to the other of the to the PC VGA and the screws to the USB to the USB the of the StarBoard. the other of the to USB the PC. the to the input the of the StarBoard. the other of the to the the PC. this to the StarBoards built-in the AC to the the to the AC then the If the to the RGB to the VGA the other of the to input the To outlet PC English
T-17SXL Introduction the AC with this AC or specified the of or the or fire. this with and Edition this with or Edition, to the USB located the PC. Follow the instructions shown to the WARNING English
T-17SXL Procedures This section the using StarBoard. information features, the Software Turning the On This section to the Turn the Turn the PC and allow to The Software automatically. (If the Notice when SXGA the shortcut creation when the software the Software when such the Software manually. further the Software Software Software or the Software the (The Software created the the selected the shortcut creation when the software to the refresh to the SXGA If refresh other than the correctly to from the LCD to and other the English
T-17SXL the This section to the to the The switch. Battery prolonged ON/OFF the switch. To characters and the the switch of the to the ON Operations The the as the the to to the the to the following Clicking Press the the with amount of force and then release Double-clicking Press the the with amount of force and then release Press the the with amount of force and then the while the (without releasing from the The input from where the to the that the than its input correctly. ON/OFF switch the switch ON OFF English
T-17SXL The and buttons. actions assigned to these three buttons. The the following action Corresponding Press the the left-click the the Software Press the with the slightly from the or as right-click action English
T-17SXL the Battery the The AAA If the to input off), the as below. that approximately hours If the of the of light red. If the of light red, the as below. Turn the to the the AAA the and with the back together. the battery, to the too forcefully. If too force when closing the of the the the facing the Negative CAUTION English
T-17SXL the the wears and becomes too as below. the the the English
T-17SXL the OSD The OSD when the LCD OSD On-Screen The OSD allows to and the the the OSD and Their Functions This to the OSD Pressing selections those selections. AUTO/SELECT This to the and OSD options. Press the to the OSD the and to Press the AUTO/SELECT to the selection. the and to the and AUTO/SELECT to that To the OSD buttons amount of or EXIT from the (If closing buttons, to then when the OSD OSD This to ON/OFF. It to OSD options and Brightness the and buttons the This to OSD options and English
T-17SXL OSD BRIGHTNESS Used to brightness. CONTRAST Used to The the the brighter the LCD ADJUSTMENT CLOCK Used to PHASE Used to the (phase) the input to input H.POSITION Used to the of the V.POSITION Used to the of the RETURN Used to to the previous English
T-17SXL COLOR TEMPRATURE Used to the of the (SRGB, 9300K, 7200K, 6500K, 5000K) ECO MODE Used to the ECO ON, and brightness from to to reduce LANGUAGE Used to the The following English, Spanish, and Chinese. USER Used to the red, and of the RETURN Used to to the previous RETURN Used to to the previous RETURN Used to to the English
T-17SXL OTHER SETUP EXIT Used to the OSD SMOOTH Used to the smoothness of the OSD H.POSITION Used to of OSD OSD V.POSITION Used to of OSD OSD TRANSPARENCY Used to OSD background ON/OFF. OSD TIMEOUT Used to the amount of the OSD automatically. VOLUME Used to the MODE MESSAGE Used to the ON/OFF. RESET Used to OSD to their RETURN Used to to the previous English
T-17SXL Troubleshooting and and Those often the of when nothing actually Screen display-related this this this PC StarBoard. Software-related this Check this this the PC To with the PC and other the RGB connected to the PC and properly? the PC, (RGB) selected? or switch to (RGB) the of switching PC. instructions, the PC and other LCD and switching right assigned to function Other technical the USB connected USB to PC. properly? to Procedure of this the to the Turning the On of this Software or correctly. Other technical the RGB correctly. to Procedure of this LCD and both selected, or that the selected. selection, the PC and other Uninstall Software, and then to software, Software Installation Software English
T-17SXL and match. this this this Software or correctly. battery. to the battery, the Battery the of this the or too to the the of this there located the such as microwave or that Other the the correctly. correctly? to the the Software Other technical Uninstall Software, and then to software, Software Software This to the from that and Software. technical English
T-17SXL Function button-related Function buttons this this this the USB USB to PC. properly? to Procedure of this the Software Function the Software. them with the Software to the Software, the Software Software or correctly. there located the such as microwave or that Other Uninstall Software, and then to software, Software Installation Software This to the from that and Software. technical English
T-17SXL Specifications Product T-17SXL 95.64301G00A characteristics characteristics Input/output W+1 build-in amplifier) C; C supply or (4W or (W)375.0 (H)57.0 (D) (without the of to Compatible operating Battery the and of the Item type Active-Matrix (TFT) Effective inches (W)270.336 (H) (SXGA) pitch Brightness ratio right induction Reading Tracking Interface USB interface (USB1.1) RGB) RGB) AAA life: hours*) AC (AC V, A) (DC V, A) English
T-17SXL to of the Please to Cleaning and AAA the of purchase or with technical information LCD The LCD using high-precision technology. The backlight the LCD technical cloth to the without to the rather, with and cloth the Wring cloth thoroughly to scratch the with or other That or the thinner, or other That the to and to off. constantly or the becomes or light English
T-17SXL Provisions of Product Warranty the free warranty service malfunction the malfunction corrected without charge, to the of the warranty. Furthermore, the accompanying the warranty to the information free repairs might this please immediately and this The warranty coverage as the following warranty wear and physical Not covered warranty Please to the warranty about this warranty service the warranty there charge the following If the accompanying the warranty to If the warranty presented. If specified the accompanying the warranty The warranty to the purchasers. (It apply to third the of malfunction or from the customers the of from contrary to the and the of or from or Product Warranty 17-inch LCD RGB USB AC Other completed, or the without authorization. to whom the this caused the or this other fire, English
T-17SXL the of malfunction this caused the to this the that there abnormality this other the of ordinary wear and tear, of If this malfunctions, the of this If the technical Technical whether or the repaired, please them. If the the to without RMA Authorization) might covered warranty. the charges to or of the responsibility the to the customer. This warranty cover repair-associated assembly or disassembly. caused the of this of that should from the of this the of this warranty. The this warranty, and they those of or that include of other than the specified than this detected or English