Copyright High-Technologies Corporation. rights Printed INSTRUCTION MANUAL SCANNING ELECTRON MICROSCOPE Please through this the the the instructions and this to whenever FOR MODEL S-4800 FIELD EMISSION
NOTICE: Information this to without This copyrighted High-Technologies Corporation with rights of this reproduced, or to third or without the written of High-Technologies Corporation. High-Technologies Corporation indirect, or from this when the This warranty or or rights to and without
The S-4800 SEM to APPLICATION The observation and of observation SEM. that High-Technologies Corporation or caused of the this CAUTION The to the Radiation Preventive or Radiation Preventive Regulations currently throughout the the to The the ICRP (International Radiation Prevention), however, clearly that the the amount of as byproduct. From therefore, to the account the following the within the specified the or instruction the with covers or these apply which possibly deactivation of the built-in the of the and/or operating the CAUTION prolonged, of or other such as or motion Therefore, High-Technologies Corporation recommends that the these when establishing of this their FOREWORD FOREWORD
the this instruction and instruction of to operation of the of Instruction This instruction the following: and Items to Function of Operation and Photographs) (Procedures, Troubleshooting, and Action Accessory This instruction the operation, and to the S-4800 and with the the and FOREWORD
GUARANTEE of The charge-free from the of installation. of The repaired of charge malfunctions to within the charge-free that or with instead of as and which the of to allow years its this the of or rather such as and the purchase of of the of the which when than years basically as as the and from The the following and/or the charge-free to improperly to supply other than specified High-Technologies Corporation or to or of the to or cooling the customer. of or of to or the atmosphere. to or relocation High-Technologies Corporation. and of to of the instruction to acts of including fire, riot, insurrection, or undeclared), with FOREWORD
GUARANTEE of or of software, software or other to of the PC with the or to software, software and/or of caused or of the PC with the or to basic software, software and/or caused turning off the PC without the termination HITACHI HIGH-TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION MAKES NO GUARANTEES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THEREOF, GUARANTEES AS TO MARKETABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL HITACHI HIGH-TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE, OR LOSSES OR EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT OR THE USE OF ANY PRODUCT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY HITACHI HIGH-TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, ITS DEALERS, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE GUARANTEE OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS GUARANTEE. FOREWORD
INSTALLATION AND AFTER-SALES SERVICE Installation High-Technologies Corporation installation, to section and the another charge. High-Technologies Corporation service Service service of the the High-Technologies Corporation or service charge. service the High-Technologies Corporation with to and inspection service Although the that directly the to and/or to when to of the FOREWORD CAUTION ON DISPOSAL OF INSTRUMENT
High-Technologies Corporation offers of its or the and to and operations of the to its performance. Please about the of the and to them. Applicants charged. of Chemicals The user and of chemicals cleaning of the with Follow the instructions and of chemicals. Instruction This instruction and those instruction revised without High-Technologies Corporation the copyright of this instruction or copying of or of this instruction allowed without written FOREWORD
operating the the following instructions Follow the operating this and to who and authorized High-Technologies Corporation. to and follow the the and the to to or to the The which appear the warning the or the of the following headings consisting of and DANGER, WARNING, or CAUTION. Indicates which, DANGER death or serious injury. Indicates which, WARNING death or serious Indicates which, or CAUTION or or serious of The shown and appears related the operation or action other than as this the field that the this or the cover as to and and Indicates instructions to the CAUTION Indicates information and NOTICE SAFETY SUMMARY SAFETY
and/or relocation the of specialists. The of the when using chemicals. health to section to the service (of Service). The should these of the non-specified this Locations of Warning the illustrated the of Warning High-Technologies Corporation service of or Locations of Warning the illustrated the SEMI S2 including ANSI as option. to S-1 and S-2 and S-3 and S-4 ANSI SAFETY SUMMARY SAFETY
to the following: to DC DC DC of secondary DC DC DC DC CRT DC each high supply These screws and electrically connected to the protective grounding, At the high supply attached to The should the service specified and trained the The should the of the high supply the or supply If board, shock. If high-voltage section also, shock. SAFETY
High the about once months to high the the of the housing and reaches around C. The surrounded to high caused the of the to C and the of the cover to C. The of should trained the The should the covers when the and heated to about C to the high Touching these sections would burns. that the heated heating. Cooling to to about The with There field of about the and about the of the cover. who allowed to approach the the wristwatches and that to SAFETY
light The CD-ROM or CD R/W the with with with including International (IEC) With to the the with performance US government Class The light; the of operation and Therefore, to the following when operating with try to the There user-serviceable or to the other than those specified Allow Service to the Information Wave than or inches inche SAFETY
S-1 Warning the SAFETY
S-2 Warning the SAFETY
NOTICE with(S2) to SEMI-S2 conforming S-3 Warning the (ANSI SAFETY
NOTICE with(S2) to SEMI-S2 conforming S-3 Warning the (ANSI SAFETY
of of high of to AC and DC this or shock. the covers of or and internal or while the turned There of or serious to shock. the covers of the If they to first off to the The and heated to about 250C to the high Touching these sections would burns. Rotary The of the to about 70C, while operating. Touching the burns. replenish the cold-trap of DP and the to wear eye-protection and protective to from splashing the or the the of the should follow the lock-out that location. The user should switch which the lock-out and the provided. lock-out followed. The There of about from the and the of the cover. who to approach the to the wristwatches and that to WARNING SAFETY
Light WARNING The CD-ROM or CD R/W the with to the following when operating with to the There user-serviceable or procedures to the other than those specified Allow Service to the SAFETY
Water Detection with this Water caused and cracks the flow cooling-water and If cooling-water installed, should water-supply the water-supply with reducing and of Third Partys or Rights third partys of rights or with to products through the of or its related or to of the Cooling Water You city of which than cooling If the higher, cooling-water to to of the Necessary flow of the cooling about taper-thread to the hose to the to the hose to the hose the supply of the cooling when Soft the and hoses. These hoses become and of Therefore, recommended, and to If the cooling to cooling- Cooling should than C below the If the than this, the cooling path. this of the cooled such as and eventually to them, whereby the of It recommended to closed and of Trouble-free operation the You recommended to the (FD) or (MO) Other Precautions SAFETY
Third Partys Application third partys the PC of the Those of effects the and interference the of the the caused such Protection that the PC to or to to offer protection and infection caused or other infected that once the PC infected to other through Therefore, or that suspected of containing If there of infection, The to and his or responsibility. however, that of incorrect operation of the S-4800 If or when the S-4800 It to the the group, or to terminate the the S-4800 the following of PC. These the operation of the S-4800 SEM to the USB This USB the PC and the internal The USB the USB the USB these to the USB of PC these to the and to the refresh other refresh or This operates of with of the directory or of the registry and the Other Precautions SAFETY
the It the PC and memory the memory OS operation S-4800 SEM operation Although the launched from the or operation, or or S-4800 normally when recovered from such S-4800 If such necessary. USB USB such as to followings. S-4800 when carrying formatting or copying of to MO or other USB operation, the USB connected shown. the S-4800 operation. and the PC Then the DISPLAY switch OFF. Turn about the caused or malfunction of the PC or to or supply recommended to from such the (PC) off the PC If the PC turned off to HD or FD, the PC or and therein to terminate the SEM software and software, and then off the PC of the DISPLAY switch. If the PC should become locked, the Ctrl and the related to then the Other Precautions operation to Precautions the S-4800 SEM the PC-SEM shown selecting other the text of the instruction NOTICE :The S-4800 nameplates. The the back of the and AC input. The the back of the rated and of AC input. Other SAFETY
Emergency The Emergency (EMO) red, switche, that located the of Its to off the when pushed, and it momentary switch which servicing of the S- of Emergency It recommended to the function of Emergency the NOTE the EMO, the whole off. Since backed supply the PC mounted the PC the shutdown possibly causing serious to the PC RECOVER OF EMERGENCY OFF the whole If the something service High-Technologies Corporation service and Turn the back the Unlock EMO switch. (Turn clockwise to section SAFETY
out/tag concern. The of the out/tag to while and mechanical introduced to the the the to the and that If the switch, off and the provided. that clearly with and reached the that to this Disconnect. If the type, and cover and the If there should off supply and physically the of the and Grounding This to AC input If other than input used, to the to and Ground of the this that the of the V. the to ground based the of country. the ground with other to ground the SAFETY
INTERLOCK The interlocked with switch. If the cover the top of the to the High to the off. This switch service. the the service The cover the back of the switch. If the cover the High to the off and the RESET switches located the off. service the switches as as the cover the service Other High High supply and of located the of the chamber. The cover of the interlock switch. If the cover the High to the and off. service the switches as as the cover the supply heater supply the right of the cover. To heater the cover of the The cover of the interlock switch. The off when the cover the cover The then becomes Unit supply covers of the interlock switches each. If of the covers AC supply the supply and off. The switches service. However, the covers the service The interlock location shown S-6 Protection It recommended that the protection of and earthquakes to as shown S-7 and S-8. location of The location of and shown S- through S-11. It recommended that the to S-12 shows of the SAFETY
S- Location of SAFETY
S- Protection from earthquakes SAFETY
S- Protection from earthquakes SAFETY
S- location of SAFETY
S- location of SAFETY
S- location of (Not include SAFETY
S- of the SAFETY
the of the following should PRECAUTIONS FOR TRANSPORT CAUTION the holding the The of the weight of approximately Should the the might off and crash. Hence, recommended to the and the when the The housing should PRECAUTIONS FOR POWER CONNECTION WARNING the front, and top covers of housing and off the AC The high within the shock the correctly. only the to normally there shock touching the of high and the head of high The high and the high as high as of such as high and head should to the service the HAZARD. These with high off the switch the board and that the AC supply off. If the AC the shock. PRECAUTIONS ON HANDLING PRECAUTION
CAUTION the with the of and cooling. High burns. wear leather and protective There touches the as burns. Also, there enough the to the with allow the chamber. This the of leading to frost the the and the to there of that scratch the or to the the and the height to than higher than the to head when the chamber the secondary sticking of the top of the chamber. containing the chamber. The of the attracts the and to the of from the This of performance. Since strongly attracted the field of the tightly to the If tight enough, to the and the manually operated, as to the the or the (T) these the or of the chamber. If the manually operated, and the This the and of The heavy that it or when the the and the from the High the splashing and of the the too PRECAUTION
NOTICE Allow of least seconds turning or off the EVAC POWER and DISPLAY POWER switches. the of the every months. the and of of with reference to the attached to the the EMERGENCY switch this switch shutdown that restarting. attaching the cover, the wires with the heater. GENERAL PRECAUTIONS items other than those this should to the service of the FE (field should High-Technologies Corporation service MEASURES FOR EMERGENCY Turn off the switch the board. If the of cooling to off the supply. and other Inform the service PRECAUTION
CAUTIONS ON OPERATION operation, that the IP-1 or IP-2 or IP-3 or the HV OFF switch to off high of the Then, the flashing to or and flashing. the the HV OFF switch. fixing or the when the the OTHERS the the following when the operation. to C of cooling also) Humidity than continuously when the supply this The DP should located height of than from the PRECAUTION
FLASHING of shows the of the The consists of cathode, first and extracting the cathode and first and from the cathode. The The cathode cleaned turning the flashing supply to the of the cathode. of of with flashing. The and and respectively. of the cathode The through to through the A, and C Initial Reduction Stable and Unstable respectively. of with Cathode First C Initial Unstable Stable Reduction Flashing supply Extracting PRECAUTION Accelerating
Transition of Cathode the reduction or flashing, completely from the cathode of the cathode, this and of of the of the cathode. this usually of Although of appear to and adsorption of comparatively confirming the this slightly with C the of and adsorption. while increasing. of the The sectioned the cleanliness and With the S-4800, they roughly as follows. Initial reduction to hours Stable to hours the reduction hour, the to hours, and to hours when the reduction to hours the flashing cleans the of the cathode as shown and as illustrated whereby the Flashing The flashing of the following fashions: Carry flashing once the of Then when the becomes to hours of of turn-on), flashing Carry flashing once of operation. On the operation without flashing, and flashing the becomes Cathode PRECAUTION
Flashing Procedure and of flashing as follows: Click the HV the The HV Click the Flashing The Flashing to and The caused flashing displayed the Ie of the HV about seconds. Usually flashing when the or extracting about hour HV ON of the cathode), There where (bright or CRT) appears the reduction this the appears the this the recording the slightly If becomes observation the the HV OFF switch, and intensity flashing as traced observation the NOTICE appear when hours of operation or hours of flashing, as to the If the flashed within the HV turned off automatically. (These other necessary. service to them.) PRECAUTION
Specifications S-4800, Scanning Accelerating Working Accelerating High to to ..........................................Cold cathode type Extracting to Accelerating to reduction type Self-cleaning thin correction type Scanning type SPECIFICATION PRECAUTION
to to to to to to to to Rotation (airlock type (airlock type Unit type.........................................Flicker- free PC monitor...................................Type LCD CRT: Option) CRT (Option).............................Ultra-high type (effective field of Scanning Reduced Scanning Photograph of TV NTSC or PAL Motion S-4800, S-4800, II PRECAUTION
brightness and the entry............................................Alphanumeric characters, numbers, and written the from the (WD type.........................................Fully chamber chamber or IP-1 or IP-2 or IP-3 chamber should type should Protection Devices Warning PRECAUTION
AC phase, to other than 100V AC, insulation should grounding of than ground should Physical S-4800I (W) (D) (H) S-4800II (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) C to C C/10 Relative than without Stray field Accelerating Working Allowable INSTALLATION CONDITIONS Synchronous with AC (effective PRECAUTION with DC with
S-4800 S-4800 II The allowable to of than micrograph Acoustic The following shows the relation allowable (C characteristic) and the S-4800 The allowable to of than micrograph than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than Allowable Allowable II or or or or or or Allowable (X, Y) to Allowable (X, Y) to than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than PRECAUTION Allowable (Z) to Allowable (Z) to
Water and Water to Water to Water to C than C/10 Water supply ....................One with internal thread. (If or High-Technologies Corporation separately.) Water than type) PRECAUTION
the who trained of the allowed to the below. the S-4800, the and below located the of substation located the of Location consuming of or its supply Location or high-frequency with which to sunlight or Location subjected to ground to other Location to or sound wave and to C should preferably than C of the Humidity..................... or The should operated air-conditioned INSTALLATION
AC, the 100V, the the other than 100V (200V or others), to the to 100V. The which to the of the country locally. to and NOTICE: should and allowable. Allowable AC Distribution Unit should located within of the the input AC to switch the which the and feed the through the switch. Grounding the to ground based the of country. the ground with other to ground the Water and The following supply should satisfied. Water flow to Water to Water to C C or It recommended to cooling city If amount of found, should attached. The should located the and from The cooling the than C than the when the the C. the SEM the where the become and eventually which the of to replaced. It to protection. to S-12 Summary section.
Stray You should the stray the the S-4700 the satisfied, locations which or field might to the of large-sized clutch or other Stray recording) Working Allowable NOTICE: The with supply (AC field) effective Therefore, its allowable should increased to terms of to The DC field of stray field with and with as The of stray field the and within the specified The allowable of AC field that or curving) the specified The allowable of DC field that or the specified micrograph. The allowable of stray field that to that micrograph the specified Fluctuation-free DC field) of stray field the to Therefore, Synchronous with AC (effective Asynchronous with DC with
as the within T. The allowable the and At the allowable of stray field becomes to affected stray field.) You should the the the S-4700 the Table satisfied, If the the first reinforced or the performance as such as heavy-duty or operated nearby. Table Allowable when the below satisfied. S-4800 S-4800 II NOTICE The allowable to of than inches inches micrograph than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than Allowable (X, Y) to Allowable (X, Y) to than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than than Allowable (Z) to Allowable (Z) to
shows the relation of and of the Since the the (about of the mount with the the allowable this NOTICE: Please with the the allowable should measured expected to Characteristics
and when as Table or its or, heavy type. selecting the therefore, whether of interference located or checked. of from the the S-4800 or the located nearby, synchronization with become ineffective. location should Table Sources using high combustion Broadcasting Source Source Flasher with relay, thermostat (warmer, heating high mercury Phase Thyristor high high heater, high microwave high VHF/UHF or to Trolley wire, internal field flow Other wiper, horn, laboratory of cleaner, food Induction of induction, induction, ground)
Sound Sound waves of the S-4800 of their and To this, that which located the of the S-4800. If such then as the of increases, the sound and the of the of It therefore to the location of the S-4800 SEM to the of (effective factor) each of about of (W) (H) of of of the Allowable Allowable II or or or or or or the
RP Cooling (option) Photographing (option)
or to Table or to Used cleaning Used cleaning cooling the Used to or Used to or coating Used cleaning or the and the who trained of the allowed to the below. with to
and Ground The operates with supply of AC100 V. If other than AC100 V, the insulation (option) required. The MAIN switch of S-4800. shows of the of the To the the of the of the the TB1 of the the of input of the to I(L) and 2(N) and the of of the to 3(L) and 4(N) terminals of the TB1. the following of the The of the locally with the 100/200V MAIN-ELB 200V: 32A To To Unit UL/CE Insulation Fixing to 100V TB1 TRANS OPTION) 1(L) 2(N) 3(L) 4(N) To From
with M5 CAUTION that the of the AC100V causing higher serious to the the the input of S-4800. the the input of the to the of the supply. the to the (ELB) of S-4800. the the the to the S-4800 strongly recommended of the 100/200V 50A both of ground the grounding than ohms. The grounding to other grounding should NOTICE The of following of ELB. with to 240V (with lock, CE/UL conforming) Capacity 32A using with 100V breaker(without lock, CE or UL conforming) Capacity 50A shipped to USA and and to S2 the type of MAIN-ELB Short 100V
and the appearance of the S-4800 type and S-4800 (type S-4800 (type FUNCTIONS
and Switches Unit shows the appearance of the S-4800 (type I). S-4800 Unit (type Secondary (Lower) Beam Beam Secondary
the sectional of the S-4800 Sectional of S-4800 (V-1) IP1 IP2 Beam IP3 Objective Deflection chamber
shows the [Z] [R] [Y] (type I) [X] within from to [Y] within from to [Z] or WD within from to [R] through (continuously [T] within from to Measures (Normally as selector] Selects of Effects the introducing or Effects the orthogonal to the switch] Used locking the to reduce [T] switch [X]
shows the appearance of (type II). (type II) of to of to of WD to of continuously of to (normally
and the of and type2 chamber switches switches Switches and introducing chamber. to of chamber when
shows the of IP1, TMP RP Rotary BT back of TMP while RP chamber. GV to isolate chamber and chamber MV1 to MV3 to and intermediate chambers V1 and chamber isolation V2,V3 to of chamber to of chamber to of chamber LV to chamber RP to MV1 MV2 MV3 P1 chamber Chamber P2 Chamber P3 V1 GV SEC: chamber SC: chamber G- G- RP TMP BT V2 LV V3 RP
shows the [EMERGENCY OFF] switch S-4800 [EVAC POWER] switch switch of [STAGE POWER] switch switch of only). IP PS operation Optional supply operation IP POWER switches switches of high IP RESET switches switches of high of switches when IP high ON. SC EVAC switch chamber The while the advancing. SC AIR switch introduction of chamber. TMP POWER TMP ON. NORMAL shows TMP APT HEATER switch turned to AUTO, heater when chamber high. turned to DEGASS, the heater higher to AUTO operation. The while heater ON. STAGE POWER switch IP PS (Option) S.C EVAC S.C AIR switch switch EVAC POWER switch IP RESET switches IP POWER switch TMP EMERGENCY OFF switch APT HEAT switch
shows the of each chamber, of and this each (IP1 to SEC) shows that the chamber shows that the character indicating of the chamber. when the SC and the displayed 3E-3, that of chamber selection switches MODE the switch, to the of IP1 IP2 IP3 S.C S.E.C ECO BAKE Initial indication). SELECT the Initial, ECO and BAKE, the SELECT switch further the character to indication. switches UP DOWN switch Increase or ECO and BAKE START STOP switch and and ECO character Indicates and character selection switches switches
The as the following the MODE switch. character Initial (Normal XE IP1 IP1 IP2 IP2 IP2 XE XE IP3 IP3 IP3 S.C S.C chamber S.E.C S.E.C chamber ECO ECO to ECO BAKE BAKE to the the as the following the SELECT switch. character Initial (Normal XX.XX month. XX.XX FX.XX Water flow Cooling flow shows off. Other appear the character character APXX Waiting cooling the heater or introducing chamber. XX Waiting the TMP its Down. XX XX or XX of the POFF off. It shows that the off XE XE
The following or and to recover from the with caused operation] recovering E10 when the GV to closed. E11 chamber closed when the chamber to evacuated. E12 Cooling flow than flow. of flow specified to 2L E13 Cooling the flow. of flow specified to 2L to recovered operation] E14 E15 E08(+ TMP E09(+ TMP back too high. than its heater off while the APT HEATER switch AUTO or DEGAS. the the chamber. using the the using the supply. recover when the supply becomes If the recovered, to service that the the heater (BNC type connected to the from its If the recovered, APT HEATER switch to OFF to the to service without heating the the Turn the EVAC POWER switch to off. POFF indicated, the switch to If the appear to service
to recovering E31(+ HV head to the properly. E32(+ protection cover E34(+ high applied. E35(+ while E36(+ correct. to ECO E37(+ while ECO E38(+ E39(+ ECO while E99(+ to supply E01 (DC24V) supply E02 (DC15V) supply E03 (DC12) E04 Rotary (or E05 E06 GV E07 of hours or from its or other (E01, E02, E03, E05, E08, E09, E06, E14) to to ECO operation to service
and Switches Unit shows the C980012 Unit PC SEM of the of PC. of the to instruction of the of the without the operation DISPLAY switch switch of of PC with the switch. Please to the switch off PC. DISPLAY switch PC the
shows the front of PC. PC PC switch switch of PC. Usually the switch used. PC with DISPLAY switch. FD to or while the CD-ROM CD-ROM Optionally to CDR/W that accessed. shows operation section Brightness/Contrast section section section operation section [X], [Y] correction the optics these section CD-ROM FD PC switch
and section Brightness/Contrast section [Brightness] [Contrast] shows the The buttons, and shows the It and operation of operation The trackball and as to the of rotation. The to optional the of buttons, with of Right and
Graphical Interface (GUI) Starting the PC and the S-4800 the following to to Starting the PC Turn the DISPLAY switch of the PC, the switch of the PC turned appear. Press and Then the appear. and S-4800 to S-4800. Initially The or to the of NOTICE Initially following when sipped. S-4800 user (S-4800 to It because, from NT, the allow registry to of to instruction (R) S-4800 automatically. S-4800 once terminate PC_SEM the If the shortcut to created, double-clicking the PC-SEM PC-SEM of (R) of Microsoft the S-4800
The S-4800 S-4800 At the first of the the [S-4800] and the OK You and them input the and the and then, the OK NOTICE: and and the to or once with the to
S-4800 SEM The following the operation of the S-4700 S-4800 the title the The and the The becomes Normal type. You the This to button: Terminates the S-4800 operation and the Clicking the shows pull-down Click of commands the pull-down to the command. the Click to the command. the It three SEM STAGE operation) and Utility. The and shows of the to or right with buttons. Operation and the
Three of (shown and right). S-4800 and the as follows. as the of the S-4700 and S-5200 using the and the three SEM Scanning STAGE It operation type2 UTILITY Optional function placed. Functions to SEM and UTILITY customized. To command to buttons to the of
the operation the The of the alternately. The following operations Focusing, correction and brightness Rotation, and and clicking the wheel of shows Shortcut shortcut specified. to shortcut
The and the include the following and commands. The includes commands SEM recording, and SEM the SEM to SEM Direct the the to Direct Direct recording. to Photographs> Memory Memory Recording. to Photographs> the to Windows-supported To the function the SEM to PCI to PCI. SEM operation. The includes commands copying and to the Copy to the to Copy Copy Attribute information of to the to Copy information The includes commands operation of HV, and others. HV the HV flashing operation or to Application of High to (To the
the of the to the to the Condition the Cond of the and to memory> Condition the Cond of the to memory> the of the the and of ABCC, to Condition the Record of the selecting and other recording to Record the Record of the to On/Off and information to to Record The includes commands operation of only), the operation. to operation> the History to History function> ABCC brightness and to Brightness and focusing. to and correction> correction. to and correction>ction to and correction> BC BC to Brightness and Selects High or to Selecting
Scan The Scan includes commands or alternately. to Selects DM Activates to and Scan Selects to Selecting Scanning buttons of each of Scanning buttons. to Selecting Scanning Scan Selects the of from and to The includes commands of optional Processing the Processing to Processing> The includes commands and others. Normal to Normal observation). Selects and alternately. to Selects and alternately. to Selects and to and displays of to Measure If the option the CD brought If the option appear the
Option The Option includes commands optional Optional of the Optional of the to Optional Optional of the Optional of the to Optional Optional of the Optional of function. to Optional Optional of the Optional of operation. to Optional Optional of the Optional operation to Optional the it and users. The only when with the to the or the the of the to The includes commands the and others. the to the Scanning Selected to front.
S-4700 SEM operation. the of the operation and ECO the of S-4800 Search the search of S-4800 About FE-PC SEM Indicates the of S-4800 PC-SEM. Recovers previous of following operation. ABCC
such that observation, recording. operation to the and the of S-4700 and S-5200, these the and the top of the Scanning Functional the HV Scan recording function HV HV ON/OFF and HV of and chamber than the ON and HV and ON high to the and to the The ON to SET when high applied. The SET OFF the high HV high and or to the HV The following the HV shows of HV Select HV increased or with 100V
Ie to shows of Ie Select Ie Extracting indicated. Flashing The further This while HV applied. Flashing Selects flashing intensity. operation. flashing. caused flashing indicated the HV about seconds. HV OFF or flashing, seconds necessary. If seconds passed, flashing of Beam Beam function to reduce the which caused fluctuations of the the reference that to It recommended to Beam ON operations. the Beam the beam function If the OFF or red, the to turn back Beam of the reference activated the of ABCC function Beam the ABCC of the of the Normally, this this such as when the Beam reference to the of the using function, To function, Beam Active the SCAN MODE of the HV applied, SET HV
Scan or scanning. The while To scanning, the Scanning to the of the and then, If to immediately, the Scan buttons (TV1 to Red1 assigned to buttons. Each of alternately. To assign scanning to each The following shown. Select each and OK. ABC brightness/contrast (ABCC). If the of ABCC the reference brightness and the of the ABCC to SE and YAG BSE AFC than 5,000X, (search (search using higher than 5,000X. correctly where the clear The of the of the there when and to
or the or when the charged, properly. function and to operation> activated. The and B/C clicking the first click, waveform displayed the The 1,000X. the that the waveform shows The the to B/C waveform and reference of the waveform) and of the waveform). the and of the waveform to within the and reference brightness and obtained. To terminate the and B/C the the shown while the or of the Scan buttons. to Brightness and and and correction> Indicates On the or right To increase the to the right. To to the the right and the
Alternately, the with the right to increase or with the to Preset The three through with each of the To the of the and input the three Preset boxes. PM indicated the when the H/L To of or lower, the LM indicated the To to High the recording Record function Record with and with the right and Select scanning the of the with TV or FAST1 with SLOW1 to SLOW5 to The the following Select the The selected indicated the Record and Record function There recording
PCI to PCI (The effective when the optional PCI Three of them the Record To the Record function The following shown. Assign function to three areas. and Beam Indicates the of with yellow To to the the HOME the to its (X=35, The the Direct the to (To the the the to Windows-supported To the function the SEM Direct Direct recording. (The effective when the optional recording included). Memory Photo: Memory Recording (The effective when the optional photo recording included).
when the EXC the to the (X=35, The the when the !STOP the to when, with incorrect and or released clicking the The the when the locked. The to Release when locked. and while the locked. the the as follows. buttons buttons or and each separately. /B selection ABCC, and the effective to the selected (Brightness and with both to and separately) below the The below the shows which to captured. You the clicking the captured. both both and or
Record selection It selects which screen to recorded Record Operation three and SEM the SEM and UTILITY of to The STAGE the and partially and The following typical SEM STAGE UTILITY
SIGNAL SELECT Selects and and the of Right Selects the of and the right of selected the the becomes and the of the displayed the (A) If the right the displayed the right (B) The effective the SE selection S-4800 SEM and These characters and therefore information. of Select with buttons. to SE Ratio of SE and BSE included the with the SE selected, of SE +BSE selected, amount of BSE BSE ratio selection Select ratio from the clicking the arrow BSE with L.A0 to L.A100. With amount of SE and BSE H.A high BSE to GW BSE (option) GW type BSE Right SE selection GW BSE BSE ratio selection
OPE CONDITION selection Normal or High to the selection UHR or HR. UHR HR to to the WD(Working selected with the to the specified The with focusing. WD focusing with and indicated. Condition or previously to Condition of the to the selection selection WD(Working WD Condition
R.ROTATION to To rotation, the ON/OFF Rotation with the clicking the of clicking the or with SCAN MODE Selects Normal observation of the intensity as the the and the beam specified the Used of the Scans the selected the Used of specified the to this that allows as the specified than the Another that reduces the of with the stationary beam Beam active Beam active when the Rotation ON/OFF Rotation and Scaning buttons Beam active
SCAN SIZE Selects Scanning displayed displayed. the to or observation. Scanning with of and quality. DATA ENTRY and characters the to Entry function>
SIGNAL PROCESSING to the Processing selection Selects Smooth Effective of high where the than it of sharpness. Increases sharpness of intensity It increase when the Edge as inversion. correction. to selection Selects intensity. Option the Processing of optional NOTICE The to with Direct function. It to apply to SEM Processing selection selection
TILT COMPENSATION and to the the to the the with the the field of that focused and WD). allows to the beam the field of to Rotation, and the than that of the appears to contracted the The corrected the Compensation function. to Rotation, and Compensation> COLOR MIXING The Mixing displays Each of three (Red, or assigned and (Right) and as This function The displayed the right (B) To the COLOR MIXING and or (or OFF) the three selecting the and. the SE and the BSE, and assigned to and assigned to both and
then of BSE and SE displayed. To to the COLOR MIXING as Select of the Record A/B buttons and then, the Memory or photographing and Brightness post-processing It to where and the applied. to It recommended to to operation. that of the to or to photographed and Stigma,Brightness and shown around the when the The which crosshair crossing the of shown when the checked. Other optional function The CHARGE CONTROL and CELL COUNTING optional accessory. These shown when the options to the the optional accessory.
of SEM and UTILITY the of the Optional selecting Option Optional It recommended to the SEM and others to If them from both The of shown the of the function and the of the shown when of the to the the SEM the SEM To the the both the specified and the following shown. this the OK and the SEM to or the to SEM The OK specified
operation the brightness and functions three focus/stigma/contrast/brightness and and operation. The of the Focus/stigma/contrast/brightness The of to its as shown below. (Focus/stigma/contrast/brightness) Right and
(X) (Y) right Brightness right the the the It to with these scrollbars. Brightness and Coarse right
and shown below shown the It operation. the or right The to to holding the and then release the If the the of the the and the to the of with to The four To the the following operation. Click the the of the Operation Select following commands from the Condition Cond Condition Cond Condition Record Record Click the the OPE CONDITION of the Click the Load/Save the OPE CONDITION of the to to and
The operating of the HIGH MAG MODE High Select Normal or High. operation, Normal. where required, High. UHR or HR. UHR operation allowed the used. HR of rather than about to focused. Cond The On or of the Usually On (checked) Select with selection The to Higher and then the buttons. Cond The On or of the Usually On (checked) depth. to To increase operation, to or to increase depth. (-15V) secondary to ON operation. Turn off such as EBIC. operating the S-4800 with of brightness throughout the to OFF to this the however, the
the of such observation Turning ON and OFF of and and correction when the checked. observation of such as that correction The of the field the greatly, of or of the to of the focusing field. Click the following widely. the when WD the Condition when the or when Current selected. LOW MAG MODE and Cond as as the HIGH MAG MODE These to High because the bright operated with the ABCC the ABCC ABCC when of the to
The operating to observation. PRESET MAGNIFICATION Select or input the three boxes. ABCC If the of ABCC the reference and to FAST SCAN AVERAGING Select of to TV1,2 and Recommended TV1 and or TV2, and The higher the of the the However, the higher Select NOTICE The of to each or The while operating or effective when operating each CAPTURE SPEED/INTEGRATION Select of the boxes. Select the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL The selected with the or photograph of intensity the secondary Select the the the selected the Background buttons, the the the Black selected, the shown the
Record AUTO DATA DISPLAY when this checked. to and checkboxes These items include checked. input this to characters and If the and the its incremented with each photographing. Ground this the the If it checked, the background of the Embed this checked, the the when the to If checked, the This Print, Copy and PCI commands. If the Photograph checked, the of the the shifted slightly to that properly photographs. It recommended to the the the only. PHOTO SPEED Direct Selects recording. The of the selected shown the Memory Selects of memory recording. Normal photographing photographing photographing
photographing photographing photographing BRIGHTNESS/CONTRAST and recording. These factors brightness and the these photograph brightness or FILM Selects of the The brightness internally to the selected Selects of the The internally to the selected inches type or type
OP. Cond This function and of the Condition Load/Save of operation, to Condition memory
displayed as thumbnails this It when selecting from or using the short-cut (Ctrl L). The shows the selected buttons the effective the selected To thumbnails the Ctrl The shows to or placed, shown and horizontally. the selected If when selected, these once option. the selected the selected the the the To other the of the the Cond the Cond of the the and when the memory photographing of the selected the to the where the selected It effective the PCI the selected to PCI It effective when the PCI the Thumbnails cleared closing the You the checked, and with the Entry function of instance recorded with the to and Selected clicking. the information and indicated.
SEM SEM with easy-to-operate function. to the when to SEM The operations. To the the the the from the the with the (when the High or (when the as the to Operation> Function buttons each function. function. It the as the button. frequently. of the selected function. of This operation. the operation restricted or and the Next Activates function. F4 to the function, and F4 to function. Function buttons operation Next both or the the the the Scanning or the or
CD (option) to the of the function. Comm the RS-232C this when the of the required. Unexpected of the It selecting Comm from the Option Comm Selects of Selects Character Selects character length. Parity Selects Stop Selects Selects Retry Select of retry. It selecting command from Option It only when with the [S-4800]. You or and their each users. to
The to To the the command from the to the or the of the To this the from the Option to
The or To the Direct the the the to to and Recording Processing The Processing to apply to of optional to Processung> displays the and allows to displayed and The Screen To this the DM command from the Scan to and
Short-Cut Short-cut of commands. short-cut character command] the pull-down then, character pull-down the command. the and the Direct command. While pull-down arrow commands The the selected command. Ctrl or Functions commands this type of short-cut They Ctrl O: SEM Ctrl P: Ctrl C: Copy Ctrl L: F1: F5: or F4: to the F4: to the Selection of operations F4 F4 It as operations to of buttons, Beam to
Shown below the of typical SEM operation. to each subsection. Application of High Selecting Condition.....(3.4.1) the Beam Operation..............................(3.4.2) Observation and Recording SEM OPERATION of Starting the of Trap and Cold Trap Preparation....................(3.2.1) Preparation Height to Flashing of Accelerating and Application of High Selecting Selecting Scanning Brightness and and Correction.....................(3.5.4) of the of the and Recording Conditions Displayed the Scanning (Direct Photographs............................................(3.6.6) Precaution about SEM SEM SEM
Processing At the of Other Functions Quality Mechanical Conversion Processing Processed Turning High the of the Chamber Turning the Switch Closing and the
of At the of SEM operation, the The following of IP1 IP2 and IP3 RESET switches readings than the followings. IP1 IP2 IP3 (Pressing MODE switch the the of when each of IP1 to IP3 If readings the required. to section EVAC POWER switch (ON). TMP POW ON NORMAL and the of SC EVAC switch of S.C chamber) than when S.C APT HEAT switch AUTO Usually the APT HEAT switch the AUTO If the charging and the because of noticeable The heated to about C to to tenth or of what would The heating turned OFF when S.C AIR switch to the chamber. The introducing when S.C AIR while APT HEAT switch ON. The heating when the chamber recovered S.C EVAC operation. that the heating turned ON, about
Flow the cooling S-4800 flow cooling the It while the and when the S-4800 It closed when the POWER switch of the turned off. supplying city or the turning the to If the started, shown heat or supplied). and flow If the with S-4800, It when the S-4800 If the to S-4800 Water flow indicated the the to indication) with MODE switch and the SELECT switch as the [F X.X]. The X.X shows flow Allowable flow within to To flow, the of the flow the back of the To the four through the of the rear cover. Water flow The four as follows.( shows lighting
or Warning the E-13 shown the sounds the If than the E-12 shown and sound, and heat or supplied) shown the GUI. These off when flow Starting the Turn the DISPLAY switch to (ON). and to [Ctrl Then the appear. and Initially The user or to the of NOTICE S-4800 the The S-4800 and the appears. (To the S-4800 once closing PC_SEM from and its The SEM to and
of Trap observation high or the of the recommended to build-up. The to with The plate the that around the The capacity of the about and about hours of 24C. about of required. to leather and If splashes frostbite. the should to the chamber while the with The frost and the introducing the chamber, hours the completely emptied. The introduction protection with the CAUTION CAUTION Injection B980022
and Preparation the followings. clean when the or with should amount of to the that the the the chamber. Select the each to to the the least amount to out-gassing. The of Preparation The of with typical of Conductive such as These of without coating with heavy or Non-conductive such as semiconductors, fibrous and Coating with recommended. To these of without coating or lower). coated higher the using such as or other then the with as option. Generally, the of the then to the using Non-conductive should coated with
of Height the the and to the height using the height as shown the To the screw and the height that the highest of the the as the of the height Then, screw. height It higher than the of the height If higher than this, the the and when operating or high Also, of height Confirm that the free (the of switch off). Then the and of the to the height CAUTION screw
II Click the EXC the The then to the and the of the the NOTICE: clicking the EXC The Stop become ineffective NOTICE: The as the You to to the clicking the HOME the of the to the that the height of the with the height Extracting from the chamber, the as follows. to its the becomes the OPEN the chamber. Once the chamber and then, the CAUTION
Turn the of the clockwise as the Unlock upwards. the straightly and the the of the to of the Turn the counterclockwise as the upwards to the the chamber and confirming that the with the the completely. Press the AIR the chamber. The closed and introduced the chamber. sound about seconds to inform of introduction. the chamber the when and closing the chamber. The and Turn the clockwise and the from the CAUTION
the chamber the chamber and the chamber the chamber as follows. Press the AIR the chamber. introduced the chamber. sound about seconds to inform of introduction. the chamber the chamber, the as follows. Turn the of the clockwise as the Unlock upwards. the the of the to of the Turn the of the counterclockwise as the upwards. Confirm that the to the the completely and the chamber Press the OPEN the chamber. The chamber and then, the the chamber, the and the the the Turn the clockwise as the Unlock upwards the completely that the with the Press the CLOSE the chamber. The and about high becomes
Application of High Condition where the high You apply high when the HV the with and the high applied. It of of chamber or the chamber and the closed. While high applied, the shown Flashing About flashing Flashing which the of the cathode (FE the Flashing as follows. once the becomes once the of operation On the without flashing. the becomes operation. Flashing Procedure the following flashing. Click the HV the The HV Click the Flashing The Flashing
to and The caused flashing the Ie of the HV about seconds. flashing operation, when the of the or the to increase about hour applying HV that of the cathode), intensity flashing, the while, then becomes the the continuously slightly.) The becomes and increases to hours of operation. (bright or the appear the the there amount of and the becomes HV and appear when hours of operation or hours of flashing, as to the If the flashed within the HV turned off automatically. The other necessary. service to the of Accelerating and To the and the HV To from the Accelerating the to input the buttons the 100V To the Ie to It recommended to operation. Accelerating Current Both and them the HV
Application of High the HV with and the ON the the of the HV Accelerating and extracting then with the indicated the HV The airlock automatically. The ON to SET when the high applied. You to selected the Ie to clicking this The OFF high
the Beam Selecting S-4800 High and of the as follows. to High (HM) (The lowest and highest and to (LM) the High observation, and the searching. both Selecting Condition to selected and of the SEM High the OPE-CONDITION the and the of the further the of the High Items to the OPE-CONDITION Select Normal or High the selection Normal high observation. High such as EDX Select UHR or HR. UHR At than about the somewhat rough focusing HR to about or The to (WD): Working (WD) the the of the and the selection selection WD(Working WD Condition
of the At shorter WD, higher At WD, and of WD selected from pull-down the to the specified WD. This function useful To of the introducing Focusing the WD. the WD should to the take-off that WD from pull-down and of the to the focusing operation The shortest WD to The The WD shows the The following shows relation of WD and of or Short WD High of Shallow WD
the the OPE CONDITION The of the the the or the the of the ON and OFF ON and OFF ON and OFF as age Selection of and Working as the Cond It to the Select from the pull-down the and or to the increases If the the off. This mechanical operation, this Cond turned ON or OFF. Normally, to ON. Select OFF only mechanical of It to of It the The attainable with the of increase with that the the beam the Therefore to operation. to the of HI ON and OFF ABCC and ance when
from the pull-down the and or to the that the and when NOTICE: the to stray as the increases, of the to stray high observations. Normally, to OFF the Select ON the when non-uniformity of appears the CRT high the where the high of or higher. Additionally when high such as or higher. the to the NOTES the SEM become the efficiency of the SE decreased. that the OFF to this To the non-uniformity of brightness the which appear high and recommended to the Turning ON and OFF the of the the Turning ON and OFF and of the and If the ABCC the ABCC when to correction observation of such as that correction CAUTION NOTICE: If to or should introduced the chamber. If from such attracted to the to its field, the performance strongly interact with the field of the they should attached to the
brightness the field of such the of the WD, or the to the The operation of the field the greatly, of or of the to of the focusing field. Click the the following the effected when WD the or OPE- CONDITION when the or when the of ABCC Used whether or to and (ABCC) the following Detector (High and Cond as as the HIGH MAG MODE These to High the bright operated with the
the performance of the of the necessary. Generally, while mechanical applications. the following when the or of Cond If the while focusing or correcting or respectively. The S-4800 allows to each of and If operation of when to that the the of the or the STIGMA/ALIGNMENT and the NOTICE the Mechanical of the including the and of the procedures If mechanical other with of other mechanical than hours the heating of the If mechanical immediately the of heating the the affected thermal of the To operating effectively, recommended to operation focusing and
Beam Beam to the beam the of the and through the of the the clicking the Click the Beam appear. with the (X and Y) or the that the appears the of Turn off the Beam NOTICE If appear the highest the and the first to and then beam the first to the (normally, and the beam If the beam focused the the or partially such release the the and roughly If the appear mechanical that the and the of the If the or of the higher mechanical following the instructions section to the beam through the of the the to about and of the of the the and Click the and that the motion of the Turn off the NOTICE: widely, recommended to of the Ci the
clicking the the of or lower. high of thousand It to the optimally to NOTE: You directly clicking the the X, to when correcting the the to about and of the of the the and Click the and that the motion of the Click the the and the as Turn off the button the NOTICE: of completing (X/Y). of The S-4800 High and to the field of the the following to the of when and High High to the allowable and of the of the It recommended to the the the Operation to clicking H/L the the and Click the the and that the of the the of the the the the operation or STIGMA/ALIGNMENT the
NOTICE: Complete Beam and each to NOTICE: If the ABCC the of the ABCC when brightness to Lowest Lowest WD High or
Observation Follow the below observation of SE S-4800 secondary the and the lower. The secondary the and secondary through the field of the The secondary the chamber, where amount of the to backscattered from these selected individually, or together. The of these that each its characteristics. Select lower, or the SIGNAL SELECT of the Detector The with the secondary (SE), backscattered (BSE-L) and high backscattered (BSE-H). the function, ratio of the three of that the of the as the WD becomes Detector The secondary and back with the topography with These when charged. than that the backscattered from and Selecting Selecting Scanning Brightness and and Correction..(3.1.3) of of II
The intensity of the WD It recommended to the WD of or of and Detectors: The and to characteristics of both The of this of WD. the U/D shown with the ratio of and follows the those previously and individually. You the ratio of and shown with light both the this the ratio of WD and therefore the of the shorter while that of the NOTE: If the ABCC the of the checked, ABCC when selection brightness to Secondary and backscattered and their Characteristics The following shows the S-4800. SE secondary BSE-L backscattered from the BSE-H backscattered high from the Each of these characteristic information of the You the of and of choosing or of the The following shows characteristic of these BSE-H SE BSE-L BSE
Characteristics Applications SE High information High to charging to BSE-L information information of of to charging to BSE-H information information of of to charging amount with or selected, the ratio of SE, BSE-L and BSE-H included the with the SE selected, +BSE selected, amount of BSE BSE ratio selection Select ratio from the clicking the arrow BSE with L.A0 to L.A100. With amount of SE and BSE H.A high BSE SE Detection the SE selected, the of SE Although BSE detected with the amount of SE Characteristic of S-4800 BSE ratio selection high observation of light of of specifically information, reducing charging artifact. of or amount
The with the to of SE. BSE-L Detection the +BSE and of L.A. (L.A.0 to L.A. selected the BSE ratio selection the the both SE and BSE-L combined. Select from the or the buttons. The buttons and the right L.A.0 selected, the of SE. increases ratio of BSE-L and the reflects BSE characteristics. The the shown as SE(M,LA20) of or SE(U,LA20) of NOTICE: the of L.A. increased, SE of amount of It S/N that recommended to increase Decrease of Cond the of the or High the BSE ratio of and/or and BSE-H Detection the +BSE and H.A selected the BSE ratio selection relatively high BSE-H of or lower. H.A the of The the shown as SE(M,HA) or SE(U,HA)
Selecting There to the the the To increase the to the right. To the to the the right and the Clicking the the increases clicking the right and clicking the Click Preset The three through with each of the To the of the and input the three Preset boxes. To of or lower, H/L LM indicated the To to High H/L NOTICE: If the than the WD the operation.
Selecting Scanning Eight with four buttons. To of the Scan the assigned to each They clicking the observation. The assignment of to four buttons customized. to Scan The and beam the and continuously and and alternately. While scanning, the RUN the of the scanning the RUN clicked, reaches to the of the The Going to and then, to TV Scanning: TV Scanning of field search of the The (S/N of the Scanning TV1 and TV2, the allow of to each To the of to the the the FAST SCAN AVERAGING TV1 and TV2 Recommended TV1 and or TV2. The higher the of the the attainable quality. The TV with only. the reduced to half. Scanning: Scanning with of TV scanning. It search of the The when The (S/N of the Scanning FAST1 and FAST2, the allow of to each To the of to the the the FAST SCAN AVERAGING TV1 and TV2 Recommended or FAST and or FAST Scanning: the Scanning
and relatively These asynchronous to AC It high and/or search of the about about about about Scanning: observation, and correction. Scanning: Three reduced about the as the scanning. It therefore, searching the field, and correction. To the the the of the While the to the (intersecting arrows), the and the scanning to Scanning the as while the It and correction. The with the operation as mentioned as as and scanning It optional such as GW BSE and EBIC.
Brightness and and both manually and automatically. BC The Beam function to reduce the (ABCC) Click the ABCC the or the ABCC from to If the of ABCC the reference and the the NOTICE: Beam of reference activated the of ABCC function Beam the ABCC of the the Normally, this to ON OFF such as when the Beam reference to the of the function, ABCC to when too high, where the high. such the manually, and then the ABCC function. ABCC YAG BSE and TE Not other optional the used, ABCC to the of the selected screen the (A B) selection the Brightness and the operation On the GUI the to the top right of the where the to the B/C the holding the to brightness; holding the right button to to the right to increase and to the to brightness or
of operation the the Optional Additionally, the and the Checking the the the these to The BC to and the brightness and waveform. BC waveform and reference of the waveform) and of the waveform). To BC the the or the BC command from the the and of the waveform to within the and reference brightness and obtained. To terminate BC the the BC or of the Scanning Beam Function The Beam function to reduce the which caused of the the reference that to It recommended to Beam ON operations. the Beam the active and the the beam function If OFF or the red, to back Beam of the reference activated the of ABCC function Beam the ABCC of the the Normally, this this such as when the Beam reference to the of the
using function, the Beam function of EBIC where possibly increases Beam Active the SCAN MODE the operation, checked. NOTICE: If Beam or (turned OFF) operation, the following assumed. corrective as required. decreased. The of correctly. Carry The or the properly. the the beam Beam the flashing. Carry flashing
and Correction and correction manually and automatically. focusing. Focusing and Correction Focusing and corrections related to each other and to repeated the following to the there the obtained the best-focus there the its stretching overfocused or and focused the best-focus focused the and the and and sharpness. to completed. NOTICE: If to and with to and/or If the or the following another the focusing focusing, to the of the quickly, and then or the Function Click the or the command from the to than (search (search using higher than correctly where the clear The of the of the there
or the or when the charged, properly. focusing the the operation or the the Scanning operation COARSE and FINE the the to the of the where the the holding the or the right to the right and to the length. of the the Optional The Function Select the command from to function. It recommended to this function higher than The of the of the the or when there the properly. Correction correction using the the or with the the Scanning and the operation the to the top of the where the the holding the or the right correction. and and of the the Optional corrections with the and as Checking the the the these NOTICE: If correction, to operation> to the to the STIGMA
waveform the The To the the the and the that the waveform shows To the the the or of the Scanning focused
of the The S-4800 type SEM and The following shows and of X, and optional its operation then inches inches and and as the YAG type BSE to its operating as follows. than inches inches of and only. If other X,Y the to to to to to
and The allowable both and of relationship allowable shown below. If the height higher than the the to and the
and within the allowable otherwise, the the and to the and of and applying and written the (shown below) used. of and to of each option) This of type X, Y, of relationship allowable shown below. of this option, to the of CAUTION
Relationship and the as of and NOTICE optional to its operating further required. to the of using optional high locking recommended mechanical The and or released the Release the to and If the or while locked, the X, and free and when the locked. CAUTION
of the The S-4800 type SEM S-4800 (mechanical) and The the Rotation function. The users with previous the Relationship of and Following of On the the of the and the the of XY On the the of the and the fits to (mechanical) Selecting the Optional selecting command Optional On the COORDINATE or OK the NOTICE The exactly the of the It rotated with the when rotated.
and The following shows and Mechanical and and The the of the of of mechanical of mechanical to to to to to to to to to to The allowable of X, Y, and and when optional Motion of each within the allowable There of the the and height, and correctly. following shows of and allowable Further when the YAG type BSE optional YAG BSE to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
and The and height and optional its operating the chamber to correctly to the motion of each within allowable the following process. the the clicking the HOME the The and height the clicking the SPECIMEN the of the SPECIMEN Select the pull-down to inches inches with optional chamber)) and from the height the Height pull-down to the the (retracted to checked). Click the OK button. NOTICE: Motion of and optional as follows. EDX YAG BSE Allowable of or X, and also. to instruction the the switches to its the following motion automatically. to to than to the of its allowable the and It when than GW BSE Allowable of or X, and also. to instruction the If the height than of the height BSE The to of when the HOME clicked and these
The and and correctly to allow motion of each the If this the the and to the and The following the of the operation operation using trackball (X and Y) operation the memory function (X, and history function where or photographing or manually and the of to Navigation function to assigned or imported Rotation function to these to rotation function (option) to CAUTION
Basically the of the operation. SPECIMEN height and of trackball and history to history) function) of X, Rotation buttons or relative) buttons GO to X, Y, Priority buttons GO to Z, Memory memory)
X, Y, operation trackball to the of rotating trackball. Amount of motion with To to the of buttons, to buttons, to reversed. the Trackball the of the the Optional to Optional or Relative and and to XY and then, ENTER both and used. Select or (relative) with buttons, and to and then, of to and to the Rotation checked, and as the of the rotated. Continuous (R The with the Rotation Press to the continuously or the buttons to selected using the four the to the or
The of its and displayed the XYR The white shows straight and Followings inches The the and below of when the the and to each of and Priority of or The of the and other to when the or the to when the The Priority selects which when the with Priority selected, within If of its to within its automatically. Priority selected, within If of its to within its automatically. This selection only when the off. when necessary, first of the Priority buttons and to The the shows allowable of Specify within the
NOTICE the height higher than the The allowable of and therefore the specified It somewhat allowable than that indicated specifying of operation of operation, and and the Continuous selected, the following the operation each It recommended to or the arrow buttons of the scrollbars, as the mechanical motion of the relatively to the operation. The of motion (Z), arrow buttons and (Z), clicking of It to the operation of or the Continuous off the its motion clicking the this of operation, and with and then the the of each These to the and of other NOTICE: Release to and operation. The and and correctly to allow motion of each the If this the the and to the and CAUTION
the The operation the and operation, clicking the of the The following shown operation. X, operation) the to the the It to XY Press the and the to the to to the while holding the the from the the The with as to The and while the At the of where the MOVE the the the to the and release The then that the the to the
RISM function If the of the near the of the the to yellow and the the of the the released, the that the the to the of the with of the Alternately, clicking the the motion. NOTE: The RISM function of to the of the The motion and combined positioning accuracy. the from the of to the of the within of the and the RISM function to higher without the of once selected. At high where the the RISM motion positioning The function the electrically. It high where mechanical motion The of to of and shorter To with operation as right instead of right the to Beam the to holding the right and release the operation The to
operation to specified On the of the as shown below. Press the and the holding the The rotates following and the shown the Then release the rotated to the specified the The the The function effective when the the On the of the as shown below. Press the of the rotated continuously while holding the On the right clockwise, and counterclockwise. The function effective this operation.
to specified On the of the as shown below. Press the and the or the The following and the shown the Then release the to the specified the The of to allowable the On the the top and of as shown below. Press the of the or continuously while holding the On the top to shorter Z, and the to Z. motion when reached to the of allowable the
to specified On the of the as shown below. Press the and the or holding the The following and the shown the Then release the to the specified the The of to allowable the On the the top and of as shown below. Press the of the continuously while holding the On the top increased and the decreased. when reached to the of allowable the
Rotation The rotation to the about the of the to Press the and the to to the to rotated to Press the the of another and the to the Release the and the to The function effective when the the checked. To The Z, and anywhere the The as shown below when to, about the of of the of and of of Press the and holding the
memory function The coordinates, both and relative, and each of the and Click the Memory the The following Memory of the Select and then The then indicated the and boxes. the and of input Select and and input to the and the the the and of relative the Select and the RISM) to the first and Relative the to the and Relative The the first and the and indicated and the and of relative input Select and and boxes the the the and the to To the to and and The Next the to the of
the relative To the from the and Clear Select and and Clear. History function and with showing the of of Click the the XYR the The History The white The beam The the selected connecting shows trajectory. and photographing. clicking the or the XYR the To and to the clicking the the or its the Select The selected to
Click to to the the selected To individually, the and the To the Clear and reading history To displayed the button. and and then, the The of history .ssh. To the and specify the The the information of and reading when the as that of the to read. If the that of the or of the the effective once of Navigation The Navigation function the to pointed SEM with and externally created or as The Navigation the Navigation SEM Imported SEM selection. Click the button. The displayed scanning and shown the Navigation to with or and
selecting with and clicking the of the specified and as the to the of of The Refresh when the selected effective, and when ineffective. The becomes ineffective when of the R, or of the the or the To with and and the NOTICE: with than of higher canceled. High the precisely to accuracy. Select selection. of or JPEG as to imported. The aspect ratio and inverted or recommended that the with the from chamber To the the selection operation To operation necessary. Select These right or of the Search the which to the first Click the the Navigation to the of and the the to the shown. the OK as the to
the first the and The to the of and the the to the appear. the OK Search the which to the and to the of Click the the Navigation then, the the and NOTICE The the right or of the The four with while operation. selected of areas. R, or of or Navigation operation finishing the as as SEM Clicking the to the to the of field of Rotation function and of the cover of inches or of to inches covered rotation. to and optional To the operation such the Rotation function. which of the XY coverage to the to within the XY and shown and OK, the rotated and X,Y as the specified the the to the function when the the of or while operating manually track or when input Following of inches the of and then, the
The covered with and with rotation. If the (X=50, Y=10) input, the following shown. Select rotation and OK. The rotated and X,Y as the specified the If and input canceled. the where within than to specified, the following shown. OK rotates the and and as the the without the without rotation. the of following age
shown. the or to the or OK rotates the and and as the specified the the or from the and Rotation function and The function to the of rotation. It XY that recovers the the XY and the to rotated. XY to the together with the function XY together with that the operation. To of the of the following factors Measure and the and Measure and the and Measure the height and the and the this rotated. and to the or the beam specified and of the mechanical from the Possibly the or of its such indicating that the shown and canceled.
The and basically assembling of the These measured and corrected once the of the the when the this to and correction the other hand, the height (the whenever exchanged. It each to It when the function with Specifing or or the the XYR to the rotation. It effective when specifying the Not effective when rotation. the the to the It effective when specifying the Not effective when Following commands provided. Measure and the and beam and the and and the and beam caused the height and the rotation and the The to basically assembling of the These measured and corrected once the of the the when the beam this to and correction the other hand, the height (the whenever exchanged. It each to It when the function with To the and the height as to the height as The R, and of the this of operations. operation, the following CAUTION
[Rotation used. BSE [Z Comp.]: Both EDX and BSE pulled used. GW and ETP type BSE pulled the of these correctly SPECIMEN warning this operation optional 5inches or appear optional and the that these protection and the and/or each height from the and the the and of the function, the height measured and corrected each the correction factor retained, necessary the height each Carry the as follows. WD or and then search of the Click the the then the appear. Click the The following appear. to the of and to the to the of and Click Apply and the
the the of to the of about then of Bring the to of the of to the and of Factor and indicated. This the of height from the reference the Apply Click the to the when Carry following three when of eucentricity Rotation It the of the from the beam WD or and then search of the Select Rotation the Option Click button. The following indicating of operation shown. to the of and rotated the to the of each rotation. clicking Apply and the Bring the of to the and The rotates search the of (although from the located within of about Bring this to the and The Rotation
The rotates to of the of to the and the each of rotates the Bring the of to the each and then clicking rotation of Factor and indicated. This the the and normally within and clicking Apply to the It the of the from the beam WD and then search of the Select command the Option The Click the The following indicating of operation shown. to the of and to and then to the to the of and each Click Apply and the the the of to the of about then of The to of Bring the of to the and of The to of the of to the and of Factor and indicated. This the of height from the reference Click Apply then to the It the of the caused
WD and the to or to Normal and to UHR. Then search of the Select the Option The Click the The following indicating of shown. "Normal" and than to to the of each and Click Apply and the closing the the to Carry focusing and to about then the of to the and The of to Carry focusing the of to the and At each of the to and then Bring the of to the each and then clicking Apply and then to the high the function recommended mechanical The and locked or released clicking Release the the the and operation while the locked.
and Returning to To while the !STOP the to the It To to previous using specifying operation, It effective only previous
and optional of the The when motion to of The using the information the and specified as the covers the of the with optional to its operating the to shows and and and and These the where optional to operation of optional to the and when optional optional switches and when such switches, to correctly the If switch when of allowable to as follows. EDX YAG BSE Allowable of or X, and also. to instruction the the switches to its the as follows. to to than to (mechanical the of its allowable the and It only when than GW BSE Allowable of or X, and also. to instruction the
o o o XY of of o of o o of o o of of o
Allowable Allowable
and Recording and Recording It to and and/or as (to or There four of Photographs (optional photo-recording necessary) photographic recording, Direct recording or Memory recording. to Photographs> Direct which the and which to Scanning (Direct and Windows-supported to function> Copying to other software Scanning to Windows-clipboard. You the software the optional PCI software directly to without to Copy information and text and graphics written the using function recorded with the text including information such as operating and others created when the It the directory as of the NOTICE: of the of PC enough Also, recommended
Recording The of to recorded the memory photographing. Scanning to of the and then, It and and the selected or Direct photographing photographing, the the memory. the the or The of to recorded Several commands or the the commands as follows. commands, the the as the the of as buttons the the selected the as the the and graphics written the the Embed the the Record the the when the If checked, only the This Print, Copy and PCI commands. If the Photograph checked, the of the the shifted slightly to that properly photographs. It recommended to the the the only.
Entry recording graphics and written Entry function recorded as they shown the recording command buttons the graphics and written and recorded. that they from displayed If necessary, the Embed the to Entry function> CD (option) The measured and together with Entry recorded, or with Conditions records specified and specified FAST and with TV or FAST the when with or reduced scanning. effective that charge. advantageous to high-resolution To the following Click the the the selecting appear. Select of four. and with reasonable Recommended operation. High The and
NOTICE there following CD function or SEM and Coloring SEM or shown and the specified commands canceled. of the CAPTURE SPEED/INTEGRATION of the of to integrated and to to To the the the TV or FAST, the SLOW1 to SLOW5 or RED, RUN or FREEZE the finished, the and the the as thumbnail. Highest Effective relatively and containing that the creation, and processing.
The the section of the operation the and the shortcut [Ctrl L] to Scanning (Direct The or of or when the follows Graphics and written Entry function and CD function when while they shown the Click the Direct the or the Direct from the The while to of the and then, the Select TIFF Format) JPEG Option necessary. only. operation. of once first. Generated Effective when from selected INFORMATION. selected from already or created Entry of these items selection of the SEM
options. The to SEM when the SDM checked. Graphics and written the when the Embed checked. Specify and The the and input of recently You of them and The Select as You or and Click to that and to characters allowed. using the the To clicking or clicking thumbnails Ctrl The the Procedure as Additionally the option The selected with yellow The text shows already Photographs (Option) To photograph of of Direct and Memory Direct Direct photograph directly Memory Memory photographs of or or It to photograph of which observation of charge-sensitive
Condition To the photo recording, the Record clicking the the section of the operation or selecting the Condition command the [Direct Photo] Recommended selection seconds. or to recording selection of or seconds recommended recording of shown below the selection [Memory The of Normal: Contrast/Brightness to and of recorded the to brighten or them to or reduce These factors and the scanning (ISO)] the of the This to the brightness of recorded of
Select of The internally to the selected Negative (type or to brighten Direct Recording Direct photograph directly It shows to the Memory To recording, the the or the Direct command from the The and other selected the Record The and graphic and text written using Entry function recorded when they shown the Memory Recording Memory photographs of or It to photograph of using which useful observation of charge Photographing the or the Memory from the the of recording the and and Photographing from the It to photograph of clicking the the On the Select clicking thumbnail. The selected shown with the the Embed checked, and and graphics written Entry function that the the executed) Photographing To photograph of from the the SEM To photograph of the Memory Click the
SEM SEM with easy-to-operate function. established each and SEM to this when The SEM following Select displays displays and information editing, and allows processing. to SEM
At the of Turning High Click the HV OFF the the the the of the the Release the and Release the lock. Click EXC the the of the to Press the OPEN the chamber. Once the chamber and then, the Turn the of the clockwise as the Unlock upwards. the straightly and the the of the to of the
Turn the counterclockwise as the upwards to the the chamber and that the with the the completely. Press the AIR the chamber. The closed and introduced the chamber. sound about seconds to inform of introduction. the chamber Turn the clockwise and the from the the chamber and the EVAC The chamber to the specified to the the when and closing the chamber. The and CAUTION
Closing and the At the of shutdown the closing Click The brought Click the OK The S-4800 SEM closed. On the the and Down. the the and the Its to off displayed, or the of PC automatically. Turn the DISPLAY switch the front of the to CAUTION: the Its to off displayed, or the of PC automatically. If the DISPLAY switch turned off the The of PC off while the PC and its or the title or the the
Other Functions Screen or with SCAN SIZE of the with It recommended to this operation. easy to of about of indication, that inches photograph Scan somewhat with If or refreshing to TV selected or reduced to to TV Scanning reduced to half. scanning with of about of
shown These or and or the this while and and The followings operation from the or selection You with the Select of the selection (A and right right (B operation and buttons and of and To or button. The that or to
The below the shows which to captured. You the clicking the the both both and recording The Record A/B selection buttons which to recorded or memory photographing, to or to PCI. The and ABCC and BC and the ABCC and BC and Brightness, the to the selected with the A/B selection buttons. Screen and displays the and allows to displays and This and To DM command the Scan
The brought and the The ratio of selected with the the of or to the the right shown the You the to the this with the To of these the Select of the operation To to the the to release the Selection and Mixing The S-4800 three optional and input. to the secondary these from these or with which with To and the Select of the operation the selection effective. The the selected to the the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the and the Select of the operation selection (A
and right right (B Brightness and the operation to the selected with the A/B selection buttons. the assigned to and and displayed. At first and Then, of below the selection boxes. It to and the the of the shown below, The of SE and YAG type BSE shown the and the YAG type BSE the (right) and Brightness to to RGB The Mixing function that displays of three (Red, or assigned to selected and (Right) and as This function only the and the displayed the (right) the Mixing the operation the COLOR MIXING and each of the the SE and the BSE, and assigned to and assigned both to and then of BSE and SE displayed. as Select of the Record A/B buttons and then, the
Scanning the and the SCAN MODE the operation Normal Normal observation Click to from of the as the The as follows. the first of the other or shown the This to of the To the the to the the to intersecting arrow the with the the the clicked the and waveform, which of the of the shown the You the this with the as and scanning Scanning buttons to TV or with fast SE or BSE profiling. to with profiling. the Ground the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the checked, the the only the shown the The and clearly the To photograph with the the clicking the
the and the specified the Used of the The as follows. Scans the selected the Used of and the Direct button. Recommended photograph or Click the when the reaches the of the the the of SE or BSE, brightness) and the height of SE or BSE, and of the count-rate of the Then the scanning. Click Memory The selected of the or photograph of intensity the secondary To the the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the the first of the other or Cross-hair the The of the to where the To of the the near the the to intersecting arrow the with the holding the the clicked the and the the of the You of this The this with the as The and Scanning this To photograph with the to Direct recording or Memory recording or Memory
specified the The as follows. the the and the the (the to straight-line The with the operation as The and Scanning buttons this To photograph with the to Direct recording or Memory recording Processing Processing of the SE processing, and inversion applied. optional SIGNAL PROCESSING the operation to apply processing. Click and appearing of of processing. Select with the selection the first of the other or with the The to where the To and of the the the or of the the to both or the the with the holding the the the the
The following Smooth It effective high where originally this reduced without defocusing. the of sharpness. Increases sharpness. the includes Edge of to of white and brought increases NOTICE The to and using Memory photographing. to with Direct photographing. or processing, to the top of the optional To processing, Click the Option the SIGNAL PROCESSING the operation The Processing Select or These effective correction the of the of the
and high-pass the applied, the and of the emphasized, while broad with Condition Memory The Condition Memory and of the If the and the and the memory. Conditions the following to the operating the Select Condition from the or the the section of the and Select Condition Refresh Condition items when the brought If while the the the NOTICE The the clicked, when previously the the as The the It together with
Click the The Condition specify Condition and then, Loading of Conditions the following to of operating the Condition from the or the the section of the and Select Condition Select listed. Select clicking and reference of selection. Select items to items to to and effective Click the and the If the included, appear confirmation. These possibly the such it to and The another memory function (the each of and automatically) Conditions Select as as and the
function of SEM Entry Function the DATA ENTRY the graphics and the the function the SEM function of buttons Stop buttons text already written Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with Text input the selecting the the The text input of shown the text and terminate with The text shown and its with If text the text and then, the the text automatically. recently and selected with the the function when to write or To the and DATA ENTRY MEASUREMENT the Optional
the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of Shows or and graphics. Embed the Click this and the of the to the of the the the to and then release the of the While this depressed, Arrow single-head arrow the head arrow double-head arrow the arrow the outer the with with the with with the Circle or the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of the checked, and graphics with Text If text the text and then, the the text the text automatically. recently and selected with the the function when to write or the when the
selects graphics and Clear Clear selected graphics or Entry and buttons Stop pressed, shown the It shows entry. The selected or text The Stop entry. The cleared. To Editing To already written the text Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with or or selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and becomes The Clear and then, the Clear Select buttons or selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and becomes the selected To clicking
Rotation, and Compensation Rotation Scanning of rotated within of to the This allows observation of the the R. ROTATION the To the Rotation, the R. Rotation To the the arrow buttons, or input the NOTICE: caused the field when the or the R. Rotation checked. The to to the of this function. If to the the WD-Rotation to off the Optional operation, to the function. and the field of that focused and WD). function allows to the the field of the with the the than that of the appears to the The corrected as the the TILT COMPENSATION the the following to the field. the Rotation this of the with the the and the that the of the focused. the the whole Alternately, the focusing the of the the and the to the top of the
the the following to the Rotation this of the with the necessary. the and the to the the or input the NOTICE: If WD, or the to the high and than the At SLOW1 or appear the It caused of the field of the when three-
using function The or Windows-supported function The selecting from the or clicking the the or the the brought the or the the the first. If the the selected the (these shown with placed. commands when the already the image(s) the Selection of and the to to and to function property and selection. the Click the the The
the inches photograph and To the clicking and the lower-right corner. To The the automatically. Text information and On the the header and footer Both the when and Footer checked. and information and information around the when each the ADD checked. Press the the and the The input and OK. Font and of selected with and The the with To The input and the the the brought to the A/C of the brightness and using scrollbars.
The of to the the OK of the and then, The printed. Copy The Copy the to the with of or or The software such as or from To to the the Copy from the or the Copy the section the Copy information text The Copy Attribute information the to the as text The text software such as or from To to the the Copy Attribute from the or the Copy Text the section the operation
(or from To the the from the the to reference together with and If checked, and of and Too of and Select height of Brightness brightness of each with intensity. If checked, with foxed brightness. and recording photographing photo option). Click to the
Optional the Optional To the Optional the Optional from the Option or the the of the .The functions as follows. RASTER ROTATION WD-Rotation selection the caused the or operation, recommended to the function. LOW MAG MODE Select the highest the operation. only caused field appear higher than MICRON MARKER selected, the of the as the If selected, the to inches photograph. this the focusing. DATA ENTRY MEASUREMENT Select and to Entry and CD PRINT SIZE the of when using software. The effective those the and of or header of DIB The TIFF and MS Word DIB the as photograph SIGNAL SELECT the U/L SED Ratio checked, the ratio of and SE to which and It effective to ratio of both If checked, ratio of both this and The to operation.
The of to the operation customized. Select buttons to the section of the operation buttons shown the section. MOTOR DRIVE STAGE Selects On or of type II or option of type when the or used, when the cryo-stage. It and there from the REVERSE MODE of motion the and the trackball. to the of or trackball rotation. checked, to TRACK BALL JOYSTICK SPEED this the trackball or the option with the the the operation MOUSE OPERATION the of and the the or the higher to of The IMAGE ADJUSTMENT selects to to the
the or the of the To this the from the Option The shown the to and then, input New and Confirm Click the OK to characters as and distinguished. If the OK without New and Confirm the It only when with the S-4800. and the protected from unauthorized users operation. the shipped, the S-4800 with this the who to the command the Option the S- and other and This command when with S-4800. the following protection. with the S-4800. the selecting the from the
Option Select the S-4800 the the already and input to New and Confirm and then, the If the to other users, they the S-4700 the when with other than S-4800, they or the S- users. Click the and input the input Select the clicking and the You the and to users. Then, they using them. to characters as and and distinguished. The of each the command the To the the clicking and the that the S-4800 allowed to If the S-4800, operation You service to recover the the CAUTION
Quality The followings references and Quality There of to choose from. charging and other greatly the selected selecting which to Higher obtained higher Charging than recommended high or higher) of appears field or of the greater Generally soft-tone obtained secondary than backscattered higher than The the exciting of
and Quality the Cond To increase Cond Information of Cond as follows. The with higher of Cond the S/N ratio of the and the ease of focusing and correction. S/N The to ratio with of Cond Charging: Charging of of Cond Generally the backscattered higher than the secondary higher and Quality The four and micrometers and operation, or micrometers). The of S- to highest with micrometers required, micrometers). with this micrometers) to reduce to reduce the of with the
Mechanical operation, mechanical of the and necessary. If, however, with mechanical the following process: NOTICE mechanical than hours the heating of the If mechanical immediately the of heating the the affected thermal of the Preparative proceeding with mechanical the following the the chamber. to the the Then Normal and UHR the Cond and Cond checkboxes to OFF the Preparative operation Mechanical of the of the beam of the Mechanical of the first Mechanical of the
the of the and the WD the the lowest High the and the to the and the button. Mechanical of the Click the Beam the and appear the the the too bright or too the screws of the screwdrivers that the the of the NOTICE: this operation, the of the of the IP1 If HV to OFF and the screws back and forth the IP1 the the IP1 recovered. of the Beam the Beam the beam or the and of the that the to the of the Ci C923883 C923884 C923885
of the the Beam the or and the brightness and the becomes the and of the that the to the of the Mechanical of the First the Beam the Cond to the The become and the and necessary. the of the first that the to the of the Mechanical of the Click the the to terminate Beam the Cond (ON) the of about and the brightness, and of the of the the
Click the the and Click the the and of the that motion of the reduced. Click the to terminate necessary to when correcting the the to about and of the of the the and Click the and that the motion of the Click the the and the as Turn off the the NOTICE: completely X50,000 or to the through the of the the to about and of the of the the and Click the and that the motion of the Turn off the
completing the the Beam If the The become indicating that correctly. NOTICE: to Operation. The reason that of specified mechanical that allow other to with If other only, It recommended to with the
SEM SEM with easy-to-operate function. established each and SEM to the when The SEM following Select displays displays and information editing, and allows processing. Precaution About SEM BMP, TIFF and JPEG. It to of other which when Entry, Processing the Batch function to or to other to information the of SEM or functions such operations when to these from SEM such these from the using the Batch function. If necessary, to the the From function. filename}.txt created the directory as the It includes operating of SEM and other information the organization. or these as they with Microsoft Access Unexpected of the SEM or processing. There following CD function or and Coloring or shown and the specified commands canceled.
Functions The top of SEM when as follows. Selection items tree shown the tree the to included the shown following the the tree following the selection items. the tree the of of creation. The following created each the SEM to created when and BMP, JPG or TIF of creation or when the following selection items.
when and The following shows where Functions of commands as follows. Corresponding buttons shown parentheses. as the the and the to recover Replay PCI the the to the PCI together with the information text It when PCI software built of the the optional recording tree information
the from the the the the The SEM from Batch selected included the Copy Copy Copy Info Copy the information text to which associated to the specifying Apply to of selected Copy the to Copy the to The of reduced to the and buttons the
when thumbnail or Next the Refresh (F5 or refresh SEM while SEM thumbnail refreshed automatically. the command (or F5 to the thumbnail Processing Conversion Conversion Conversion and Conversion Conversion Mixing Copy Processing Processing Processing Several includes Processing Reduction to each of processing. Processing or clicking the the and the The when SEM closed. Previous the or the Mixing using selected Copy specified of the the Copy command to the the the of and the
Entry CD CD (Optional function) of thumbnail, character and others. or Operation SEM SEM On the to SDM to when the INFORMATION You the with the or input or other text o You from already the with the or input and selecting and characters the
To already to the SEM from or the from the The following from Select and and then, selection or Ctrl NOTICE copying such as text the name}.txt together with The text include information and to the SEM Selecting and tree the tree the (SDM). included the Selection items the of The (P-A01 and P-A02) and tree the of To the tree to and to the button. To the The shown
with NOTICE of selection the tree closed. the tree To New or New the and OK. Click thumbnail or the to The selected the The selected shown with yellow To the the or or the The operations the to To or the following operations. Click the of The the to to the Click the and right the that while the other operation the inhibited. Click the to to The to shown. Select
information Information of the selected shown the information You and Click to items. each items and OK. To the selected or The and terminating SEM It to as reference with SEM. To the the the title Entry Entry function and writing the The Entry Entry Processing or Entry button.
Function of buttons Function of the Entry to the function S-4800. written Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with Text input the selecting the the The text input of shown the text and terminate with The text shown and its with If text the text and then, the the text automatically. recently and selected with the the function when to write or To the and DATA ENTRY MEASUREMENT the Optional the Click this and the of the to the of the the the to and then release the of the While this depressed, Arrow single-head arrow the head arrow double-head arrow the arrow the the with with the with outer with the Circle or the Click this and the of the to the the
the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of selects graphics and Clear Clear selected graphics or Writing and graphics Click and graphics or write Editing To already written the text Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with or or selects graphics or the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and editing becomes and then releasing the While this depressed, of the and graphics with If text the and then, the the the automatically. recently and selected with the the function when to write or Select buttons or selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and editing becomes tool.
The Clear and then, the Clear with Click OK to as or the The with as Click to overwrite to and to as Conversion and To apply to the the Conversion clicking the Conversion the or Conversion Conversion Processing of and brightness and Brightness The of processing. The histogram with and brightness change. of and brightness to that when or the the enhanced. the function such and brightness the histogram the and right to the to to and white and then, button. the following the selected To clicking
inversion The Negative and white. correction of than and highlight than and highlight Select and the Apply or OK and rewrite and to the If clicking OK, the canceled. following expands the
and Color1 or Color2 Convert to RGB as following The L, and R, or specified Color2 when to B-G-R and to Color1, L, and B, and and where originally and bright red. to or and specify to each and and of to to The showing relation of to brightness when checked. NOTICE or
Processing reduction, increasing sharpness and the Processing Processing Processing Processing or Processing the The following OK to the recovers the and terminates the Red.(Median) It effective reducing It effective reducing It effective reducing Increases sharpness. increased when to Increases sharpness. increased when to Edge It effective Edge It effective Highlight Highlight Highlight and reduces of the the clockwise. top and of the the and right of the
Mixing Creates It of or of operation Select of to and the Mixing Processing or Mixing The selected shown the A. To the another the clicking and then, the thumbnail to as the The to exchanged operation. Mixing selection
Select and R, or button. Select the selection ADD and and AVG of and used. when both or of MAX intensity of each of and and and the as ADD. both or of clear than AVG. The following where SE and BSE and them with and to and brightness of and brightness of the the shown The the with Mixing the the You Click Specify the NOTICE The with RGB It than Mixing or both or of then the where both
or the The with the selected the thumbnail to to the to function. NOTICE functions SEM to or to other to information the of SEM or functions such operations when try to these from SEM such these from the the Batch function. If necessary, to the the From function. To the of and/or the or as with the as the to overwrite, or input and to as from The selected from the This without showing of The selected and from the shown. To the selected
Batch of of operated once. Batch or Batch the The Batch Action buttons selected from the Source to other specified the the directory Copy selected from the Source to other specified the Copy Only: selected from the Source to other specified the the this command to to carrying to other Convert/Copy: Converts of selected from the Source and then to other specified the to selected from the Source to another from the The selected from the Source from the selected from the Source and them from the selected from the Source Source included the selected from this of the selection the or Ctrl supported. selection, Press the of the the first selecting and the holding
the to the selecting and then, release the Selected shown Click the first selecting and then, the selecting holding the Click selecting holding the Ctrl Destination These when Copy Copy or Convert/Copy actions selected. Select The ID the of the selected NOTICE: It recommended to to such as MO and ZIP The shown the ID To to right-click the the Select Property (R) the You or the Information Format selection Select BMP, JPG and TIF It shown when Convert/Copy action selected. selection Select It shown when Copy files/Resize action selected. selection selection when Copy Convert/Copy and to actions selected. With the of the other listed. Select selected Action.
the motion. To the or the and The following To the when the becomes repeating and the clicking the and Usually it shown. the found shown while operating SEM to the the clicking the and Select Stop
MAINTENANCE of of and Intermediate Chamber The continuously evacuated. supply ON when SEM operated. If than the following to operation> IP1: IP2: IP3: and Cleaning of Objective of the plate increase of or To or clean the following If and high coating with or cleaning the plate Turn off high Press the S.C. AIR switch the or The of the switch If heater ON, cooling While the cooling the Character the APXX (XX of cooling passed, TMP and introduction It about NOTICE Wear the following to of with directly. of about to the following should the
BNC type from the four screws fixing the of the off the straightly holding the the the fixing screws the fixing screw with screwdriver (the of the screwdriver the with the plate with To the plate heating the to of (L456765) fixing screw BNC Connectors C970500
Clean the and of polishing (wound and Cleaning should meticulously. Mount or cleaned the the the and slightly the fixing screw. Confirm that the mounted. the fixing screw. the plate retained the the straight the to the to with four screws. BNC Press EVAC switch the the It about of the chamber. Turn the APT HEAT switch to DEGAS. Turn to AUTO hour passed. about hour to HV ON chamber completed. Cleaning of Plates the heating of the to the instruction of the Mount the the the to than Heat the board. applying heater the becomes apply too heater otherwise the board of heating the board, about cooling then the Mount the of the board. the to high than Apply heater Heat the board to the and then, heating. to heat
of heating, to and the Then the with NOTICE: to plate directly hand. To further both of the plate with or to thickness of to using heating the of Plate board
of Rotary P/N and NOTICE shipped to where CE conformity with the those to SEMI-S2 with the when shipped to of of high The of inspection operating of To and service life, inspections least once months) to the operating Condition of the influence the and the service of the to performance, the and of through the as frequently as operating should with every months, though the of to operating of the injection Turn the to from the (or the of VR16-K/N). NOTICE the screw correctly hand, and then lightly with or the The of the reaches of about C while the Touching serious burn. The heavy about when the or the CAUTION Rotary CAUTION injection
to through the injection that reaches the of the the NOTICE If the below the lowest of the performance or earlier than Conversely, the amount of blown Hence, the of should The this NEOVAC MR-100 If the located the of the should the from the of the base, the and of the the of Trap The (L) of type. If splashes or from the the with (P/N Press injection (injection
Troubleshooting or the supply. below V. The switches off immediately. turning the switch, and enhanced. emitted. abnormally. to the externally. (below C). NOTICE If the the procedures, cleaning or the specified service Symptom Countermeasure highly the (below C). to and as required. The of the too thin or too the of and its length. through the the sound to of this through the the VR16L). closed. If through the closed, with through the the If VR16L-K/N). the splashes through the of the the suction and the switch and off repeatedly to or the externally.
of P/N and NOTICE shipped to where CE conformity with the those to SEMI-S2 with the when shipped to of and the following items regularly. checkup/maintenance, the switch off. Item Procedure Every Every Every Every month) years) of the cock of to Activation of switch and and sound and If screws them. and Blow to of through Bearing The should the cocks. The of high from cock operation, otherwise to the and activated function. bearing CAUTION Service
The the of operation or NOTICE The shows the inspection The inspection slightly with the operating If the operating the inspection inspection and of the items, or service shutdown If the to it or once month to the service of grease from shortened to humidity. of the The shows the of
Troubleshooting of If the becomes faulty, reference should to the following rotates. whirs to the service please them of the following. Symptom of Location of Symptom or slowly. switch faulty. or with exceeded. reading with sound emitted. overheats. switch with whir to Protector actuated. Stop operation, and then or If the with screw or or the with with Clean or with Suction clogged. Clean or with worn. with service reading with faulty. service hits service Bearing service worn. with scorched. service service wires with the specified ones. with Starting service
Location and Functions of Suction and suction phase only) Activated of switch and Indicates the of cock
Troubleshooting Work the the followings. shown? If shown the to XXXXXX to the of the and countermeasure to the TMP the Both NORMAL and POWER The POWER about The Normal further about If or effective countermeasure, service Chamber about SEC EVAC switch or switch and the of the chamber reach to the specified sound and the E-17 shown the the follows. (If the and therefore and STOP reaches to specified to causing the E-17 the chamber the AIR Clean and grease the of the chamber. Then If the from the of If the or of to instruction of high CAUTION Rotary The of the reaches of about C while the Touching serious burn.
If service Chamber If HV (HV GUI and ON about to hour from chamber the followings. chamber It than to apply HV. that the of TMP NORMAL HV becomes to applied. If attached assembly the chamber and the Clean and grease the of the and Then, If the outgas from the If service than the followings, to instruction IP1: IP2: IP3: If these service of shock CAUTION to AC and DC this Touching the shock. the covers of or and internal or while connected to the There of or serious to shock. the covers of the
Normal when HV, the followings. If than the selected the Ie to the HV the of the If near the and flashing, the FE the of its life. service If flashing If reading and time-out HV On operation, there the FE or the high supply. service Shown If the or to the the followings. normally, HV and about the SE selected, lowest and the and Beam If appears of the of the and Beam the and the If appears, If the service of shock CAUTION to AC and DC this Touching the shock. the covers of or and internal or while connected to the There of or serious to shock. the covers of the
There three of The first which appears the It to of of or secondary It appears when too secondary efficiency of the too or efficiency of too If such the followings. too If the HV Select Ie to and the the first If If TV or FAST the of the and the TV1, TV2, and or If they them and Decrease and increase brightness. SE Detector or the SIGNAL SELECT If the and Beam If the appears of the of The caused or bright or bright or appear when or the of the secondary If such the followings. the beam correctly. Click the Beam the If hours flashing, flash of the and the If appears of these the service The third caused charging of other of or of If appear, Select operating such charging or to to
You Correct If the correction (One (and/or both) of the or the or (and/or both) of the the followings. If of or or the and If other of the If the or cleaning of the to instruction If correction of correction, the and and If service or Work Satisfactorily or the followings. the If it please and correction. the and If the and If that searches of when higher than It when shown.
S-4800 the the to the or the completing the follows. the the switch ON only). that the HV correctly to the top of the protection switch the It to shock when while HV ON. The switch ON when the HV and cover correctly If the switch ON, of HV supply and PC PC while operating and the It recommended to the POWER switch of the S-4800 Press Ctrl and appears. which shown as [Not responding] the and the If shown as responding], If [This responding, It appears, the If the recovered to If the recovered to Ctrl and Click the the The Its to appeared, the switch of the off. If Ctrl and effective, the switch of the off that the the If properly .......Press to Scan these appeared, C to Scan If the command the Then the
shown shown the S-4800 GUI includes operation warning and showing shown with to the of supply of S-4800 off HV and PC. Then DISPLAY switch Turn the EVAC POWER switch to (OFF). of cooling the heater and of TMP POFF shown the Turn IP1 IP2 and IP3 switches the to OFF At the back of the turn off IP,EVAC,DISPLAY and OUTER BAKE then, the MAIN to off. If the MAIN type of straight If round type, to counter clockwise Turn off the MAIN switch the of Stop cooling supply. as the of necessary. using its If with SEM the when S-4800 off. when If off switches and as the as to MAIN (ELB) RESET Straight type type
Starting S-4800 Turn the MAIN switch the of to ON. At the back of the the MAIN to ON and the RESET switch. sound of relay of the NOTICE If the MAIN turned off occurred, RESET the once the MAIN switch to off and then, ON. Turn IP, EVAC, DISPLAY to ON. the OUTER BAKE off. Turn ON when Turn IP1, IP2 and IP3 switches the to ON. the RESET switches of each It Press RESET buttons. If the once and the supply RESET switch with about seconds If the protection to off. the cover plate the cover of and If OFF ON and RESET switch. (The of the cover Turn the EVAC switch to ON. and completed about hour. MAIN (ELB) RESET Straight type Round type cover plate IP protection
the APT HEATER switch to AUTO. recovery, usually to necessary. shorter when If than the following necessary. IP1 IP2 IP3 recovery of and chamber observation. cooling or If the with SEM when the turned ON. when recovered the as when Water supply cooling while the ON, E-12 shown the and sounds. S-4800 If recovery tome, PC and the off. and terminated. operation You operation when supply recovered.
operation service or who trained High-Technologies Corporation or its service the following operation. Turn HV to OFF. NOTICE Confirm that the HV the right cover extinguished. If to fixing screws and then the protection cover. (A protection that HV forced to off when the the HV from the the HV the HV the of cover. (A protection that the the screws the top of the cover and the cover. CAUTION HV Protection cover Screws
Mount the heater to the chamber. The heater consists of them with the heater band. of the HV correctly to and the of the the right to to other the cover of the right of cover. the OUTER BAKE and INNER BAKE to the the (A protection as the cover the protection cover to the top of the It isolation from high protection that the cover attached correctly) NOTICE Confirm that heater to the heater directly. of high CAUTION The and heated about C to the high these burn.
Starting the S-4800 GUI You the S-4800 GUI or the NOTICE WD to than the OPE CONDITION of the It that excited with To the GUI, the command the The following the Select of or The shows outer and On the hours hours hours of outer the outer and freely boxes, other Pre items confirmation. Confirm that the HV the the protection cover and other surrounding to each item there The shows of and If Click to On the of the the of shown. It that normally. It recommended to S-4800 and PC and Starting of the to the MODE switch as the BAKE of Indication the character the SELECT switch the of from the top). The three or the UP or DOWN switch increase or outer It Usually It hours outer and four hours
selecting items then, START both the GUI or shown the character and sound something incorrect found. the following recovering operation E31(+ HV head to to the properly. E32(+ protection cover the cover or cover. to and E34(+ high IP1 to IP3 ON to applied. E35(+ It when IP while heating. Heater and when recovered to the specified You the E36(+ correct. or to (outer hours). outer hours or each cleared STOP switch. started. of and then finished, about hours cooling. the protection cover and heaters. the cover. to to and the HV and the and the the protection cover the top of the of high CAUTION It about hours cooling to to finished. the cooling the and
On of the the following Follow the procedures this of PRECAUTIONS ON HANDLING the of the (disassembly-reassembly or of the other than this the customer.
and The items shown Table should operation. Table G370009 Conductive protection G370250 polishing cleaning G743002 cleaning S370061 cleaning S370057 cleaning S269003 cleaning grease (stationary plate cleaning S263001 L474074 AIR and Cooling DP/OBJ Cooling REPLACEMENT PARTS
The items below should the Table J386012 R268 Secondary years FE years years motor(T,Z) years years years years years RP (SMR-100) L) years RP years K433004 years years hose cooling cooling years PC PC years PC years PC years PC years Battery PC PC years Rotary operation years K429012 Rotary (others) years K429013 NOTE The the of the and the
The items shown Table operation. of the of each Table Location Used LM03 LM05 LM10 LM20 LM32 LM50 SVM16 SVM20 SVM32 SVM50 MFG. and SM5 SM8 MF51 NR 8A PL4150L Used MFG. or PL475H Used MFG. or P4100H L456765 AS568-116FPM
S-5080 (option) This photographs of the of CRT photographing. You the following of attaching consisting of and and type shows the and of SEM with the as item with each of that specified. Select the that to type S-5080 of shown.) ACCESSORY OPERATION C970194
S-5080 (option) type type (P/N (P/N (P/N ratio ratio ratio type (P/N (P/N ratio ratio NOTICE The the the S-5080 The the the S-5080 of Units (Option) C910905 C921211 C923691 C910804 C970192
Specifications and to Focusing when shipped the with the SEM) type TYPE52 (P/N and (the user to the REMARKS to Table which the each of the and the of
S-5080 (option)
Assembling the below the PHOTO CRT. type of of of of of of
S-5080 (option) the You should service the installation. the PHOTO CRT to Screw four screws to the the PHOTO CRT The the below. procedures other of Focusing the and the focusing instead. Select the operation of NORMAL the SEM, and PHOTO switch. the that the the focusing appears selection to each of Each of NOTICE The S-5080 If reason that of the necessary, service ISO type TYPE52 TYPE53 SS TRI-X
the SEC PHOTO CRT