lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Copyright Software rights This information that protected copyright. of reproduced, transmitted, transcribed, or translated without from Software Microsoft, MS-DOS, and the of Microsoft Corporation. of Corporation. and MMX of Corporation. IBM and PS/2 of International Corporation. Sound of Creative LTD. TouchPad of Synaptics Corporation. other and or of their respective SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Software every to and information this However, to to and the product(s), technical or or this or or indirect, from the and the product(s) Information this to without and the of Software Software recommends that written records of or memory Therefore, Software or otherwise whether as of repairs, the specified expired, or other Software directly or indirectly, or from third from the of this and of its such as numbers, the of or of SA200
lonestar.boo March AM About This This the information to and SA200 Chapter Introduction introduction to This chapter that the It the Chapter Started Chapter instructions and as as creating Chapter Chapter to learn information about This chapter to the and the TouchPad. Chapter Optional Chapter instructions optional peripheral such as or This chapter includes information about optional internal such as memory Chapter The Chapter information about the This chapter covers the AC the and the features. SA200 About This
lonestar.boo March AM About This The the and of the information about using the BIOS to troubleshooting that the of the and and information. to this the of The following throughout this NOTE: to information. to something that or to software, or <KEY1> Indicates input. <KEY1 KEY2> Indicates input that to KEY1 as KEY2. <KEY1 KEY2 KEY3> Indicates input that to KEY1 and KEY2 as KEY3. PHDISK Commands, directory and appear A: This to displays that appear LCD SA200
lonestar.boo March AM About This Introduction........................................................................................ to the Optional Right Rear Indicators............................................................... Sound Started Connecting to AC Turning On.............................................................. Turning Operations.................................................................... and TouchPad Operations the TouchPad............................................................... Click and Double-Click and and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM and With the and the the CD-ROM the the Communications Connecting and Optional Devices..................................45 Connecting Optional Peripheral Devices......................................46 Connecting Connecting Connecting Connecting Connecting USB Devices..............................................................49 Connecting Headphones Connecting Microphone Connecting Optional Devices PCMCIA Cards.....................................51 Memory the Removing and Connecting the Externally The AC Battery Charging the and the Battery Indicators.........................................................65 Battery to RAM to to The Intel-Microsoft APM Interface SA200
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting................................................ Relative (Non-condensing).................................... The LCD Cleaning the Troubleshooting............................................................................ the BIOS BIOS Introduction to the BIOS Accessing the BIOS the BIOS Advanced Security C Technical Memory DMA I/O Technical Specifications Technical World Customer Support....................................................................... Index................................................................................................... SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM of the SA200....................................................... Right of the SA200 Rear of the SA200........................................................ of the SA200......................................................... of the SA200 LED Connecting the AC Function Editing TouchPad Protecting CD-ROM PCMCIA Card Memory Compartment Peripheral Removing the Connecting the Externally Battery Cartridge.................................................. the Battery Battery SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 INTRODUCTION CHAPTER
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM Introduction Congratulations purchase of the SA200. This chapter with the of showing the of the become with the to the to SA200 Software thoughtfully to and easy to the computing of business and productivity this choice computing office, and the The SA200 to with that and state-of- the-art features and memory architecture to 128MB of RAM that industry II and III PCMCIA including and CardBus featuring IDE interface peripheral that house CD-ROM or LS-120 SA200 Introduction
lonestar.boo March AM Introduction and rechargeable or Lithium I/O (input/output) (FIR) wireless USB or and Synaptics TouchPad (with Edge Motion that to or right Advanced that including the Intel-Microsoft Advanced (APM) Interface, integrated with Sound that includes built-in internal microphone, and input and built the BIOS the and other software that to with of and security protecting technical specifications, Technical Specifications Optional or Memory SA200
lonestar.boo March AM The this section the and of SA200. TouchPad and of the SA200 LED The lights the of the AC battery, the CD-ROM the (FDD), the (HDD), and Indicators information. Supports functions of including Operations information. SA200 LED Introduction Microphone
lonestar.boo March AM Introduction TouchPad and The TouchPad PS/2 interface. Its buttons to the buttons of TouchPad Operations information. These connected internally to the integrated Sound information. Microphone this to sounds and LCD shown) The SCC SVGA LCD to The SVGA TFT LCD to 64K. shown) Located top of the LCD the releases the from its Right Battery Release Battery Compartment Right of the SA200 Battery Compartment This houses the that with Removing and the Battery SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Peripheral This to house the the CD-ROM or the LS-120 high- capacity the Peripheral information. Press this and seconds to the or off. Turning On and Turning information. Rear USB DC IN PS/2 of the SA200 DC IN the to this Connecting to AC information. PS/2 You or PS/2 to this This which connected. Connecting and Connecting information. SA200 Introduction
lonestar.boo March AM Introduction You RS-232 or graphics to this You the to this and Connecting information. You (CRT) to this Connecting information. You of to this such as or station. You to this and Connecting information. USB You that USB specifications to this Microphone PCMCIA of the SA200 SA200 Security IrDA
lonestar.boo March AM PCMCIA The PCMCIA The and the PCMCIA and Cards information. Security This with security such as the You security to to IrDA The (FIR) allows wireless the SA200 and other FIR- such as or another the information. You or headphones to this this the internal Connecting Headphones information. You such as to this Microphone You microphone to this Connecting Microphone information. SA200 Introduction
lonestar.boo AM Introduction Release Peripheral of the SA200 Peripheral Release This and the the peripheral the information. Memory (RAM) Compartment This houses the RAM Memory information. Compartment You and and information. The SA200 both and to inform of These and information. SA200 Compartment Release Memory Compartment Compartment
lonestar.boo March AM with LED that the of The LED located below the LCD LED The LED consists of the following ICON SA200 LED this light the this light off, the off, or to to RAM this light flashing the to RAM this light the the or CD- ROM the CD or this light Battery this light the the AC connected and this light off, the the and this light flashing the this light alphabetic characters; other affected. this light the character; other affected when active. Introduction
lonestar.boo March AM Introduction Sound SA200 built-in sound that to of of education and software without the of and peripheral with on-board FM sound that and sounds sound internal and internal microphone. You both such as CD to the and or headphones to the headphone You the option of connecting microphone to the microphone and information sound SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 GETTING STARTED CHAPTER
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM Started SA200 and easy and This chapter the should follow to and information using The If to optional such as or follow the instructions Chapter Optional Devices. If to BIOS B, the BIOS Connecting to AC You with the rechargeable or the AC You information both The Software uncharged to the to AC to and the first Follow these to to AC the AC to the DC IN the sheath the of the the AC and the other SA200 Started
lonestar.boo March AM Started Connecting the AC with its AC AC to the This seriously the AC to other the LCD cover first the to the and then the the Battery and AC The should the If the Battery light, If there the and Charging the Battery information. Turning On the to AC and the LCD cover as the section. SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Press and the seconds. The sign-on should appear the You to the and clear LCD If to the BIOS to or to B, the BIOS Turning To turn the off, the often found the of the and to displays these options: the the the MS-DOS Click to the the and then the Gently the top of the to the latch. Occasionally, to or software that Follow these instructions to From SA200 off Instead, and the turning off. least seconds turning the off turning back Started
lonestar.boo March AM Started The You You Highlight the to and You information the choose to You the Click and its You to the This and You information that information SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 USING YOUR LAPTOP CHAPTER
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM This chapter the basics of operations. covered include TouchPad using the and the Operations SA200 with low-profile This features and of function Software the option of to Connecting information. shows The consists of of function the and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM of alphabetic (A-Z), and with that found typewriters. Function The function the the top of the F1 through F12. Although function instructions to software, their functions with to the operating and software to the software and operating function Function SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Editing the to software-specific to the softwares the of these Editing Press this to text and other of Press this to the character the and Press these to the Press to the previous and to the The functions of the <Home> and the software SA200
lonestar.boo March AM The consists of of that input These functions the front of each Press to this of software information these to the the software Although this software functions as abort Press this to or to the to SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Press this to and type only. and function affected when (You to the and the when active.) Press to off the function. Pressing and when active instead of while when instead of Press this with to or the the top of the (Function) Press this to the top of Ctrl These software and usually with other Press the to Screen)/Sys This software whatever displayed the when this printed. Press to the function of software Press this to the of information displayed the Press to the function of the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM This software affects and text applications. Press to Backspace Press this to text and to the of the Press this to of characters, or commands and the operating to commands typed the This the You this to and operating information the shortcut This shortcut The options the where the located when this Pressing this the of clicking the right the TouchPad. information about shortcut SA200
lonestar.boo March AM and One of the of the SA200 its of You of to the or to These retained memory when off. (Increase Contrast), If to increase this when the off) this Other temporary These retained when off and only temporary Access this combination, the Following of and the to them. to Switch this and to This the advanced off. Press the to from to SA200
lonestar.boo March AM to RAM Switch this and to RAM to RAM off. Press to from to RAM Combination Combination combinations. and of and the to them. or the and off. Decreases Decreases the and the Increases Increases the and the LCD This section of and the to them. Decrease Brightness Decreases the and the Increase Brightness Increases the and the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Decrease Decreases the and the (SCC LCD only) Increase Increases the and the (SCC LCD only) the the to the the LCD, CRT and both LCD and CRT. TouchPad Operations TouchPad that the functionality of or trackball. The click buttons the TouchPad the as the right and SA200 allows to such as information, Connecting the TouchPad or right to the TouchPad and wrist or the TouchPad. the The TouchPad acts of built-in To the the The TouchPad You to SA200
lonestar.boo March AM The TouchPad includes Edge-Motion that to operation reaches the of the the reaches the location. the of the and the to the indicated TouchPad Click and Double-Click Click to or initiate operation. Double-click to or and the TouchPad to the to the item the and release the once to or to and On the TouchPad, and than with Instead of clicking the anywhere the of the TouchPad. to and to or the TouchPad to the to the item the Press and the to the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM You then the item around the around the the item where release the The item the location. and You and the TouchPad as the the item to Gently the On the with the You then the selected around the the from the the selected Pressing the and the TouchPad. This function to information, Connecting With of the SA200 the factory includes of that to These through the You the to including: and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM If to these to or and this chapter. If to these this chapter. information BIOS the BIOS the double-clicking the with the associated with that Follow these to the Click the and then to Click Double-click the associated with the to The following sections the commonly to computers. There other the that to SA200 information about the the Introducing or to the the to the and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the to the and You choose LCD or CRT as the type. the to TouchPad as as choose to the to built-in as as choose to SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the to security features and to the to boxes with information about the that These boxes the these and offer advanced the to includes Advanced (APM) Microsoft and It recommended that the APM to and performance. SA200
lonestar.boo March AM New the New to to The New through the to the the to the options and to or software and and of the when with with inch CD-ROM and The following sections to each of these SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the high-density inch, This A operating and housed the peripheral the information and with the CD-ROM About both 720KB (DD) and 1.44MB high-density(HD) 2.88MB (High supported. as 1.0MB and high 2.0MB These however, the of the To the Double-click the Click [A:] From the Format displays to to Click to formatting. this the ready to and To inch the follow these the with the wheel facing and the the the the and the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the clicks the The ready To from the follow these that the FDD (located below the from the while the FDD otherwise both the and the read/write head. Gently the the from the and cool, Protecting and with easy to the them. protecting It protects the the from It from written to the It protects the from infection Protecting to the following instructions to write the front of with the wheel facing as shown SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the write-protect clicks The indicating that the write protected. Caring from however, easily corrupted. Follow these protective to the of the of the that them. Dont to from and Dont the where or from enough to scratch the of the the CD-ROM SA200 features CD-ROM You the CD-ROM to CD-ROM to CD- ROM and to CDs. To the CD-ROM the peripheral the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM and CD-ROM To CD-ROM With the turned the the front of the CD-ROM Gently the to its CD-ROM with the shiny-side Gently the clicks The CD- ROM ready to CD-ROM To CD-ROM With the turned the the front of the CD-ROM the to its CD-ROM the clicks the SA200 with integrated commonly to as IDE with factor of inches. IDE become industry PC they fast, and cost-effective SA200
lonestar.boo March AM architecture to and Removing and the SA200 with (FIR) its The FIR allows wireless, and other IR such as or another The FIR consists of light that to One LED as and the other acts as receiver. The consisting of as of light; the of light other IR the to or through the FIR to instructions the utility. Follow these when using FIR to or that the FIR properly with the other IR that the the FIR and the other IR (three that the the IR that there clear, the IR Obstructions the the SA200 or the other the and the of SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 CONNECTING AND INSTALLING OPTIONAL DEVICES CHAPTER
lonestar.boo March AM
March AM Connecting and Optional This chapter instructions to and both and internal optional The covered this chapter USB Headphones Microphone memory PCMCIA The and and that the and the operation. SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Devices Connecting Optional Devices This section to optional to This section with of The following sections with information about and the SA200 RS-232 You such as or graphics to the The located the rear of To this to the to DB-9 type with DB-25 type To DB- DB-9 25-to-9 You such as or the when externally to the The located the of to The SA200 three operation ECP the allows only. SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the allows both input and only. ECP the Direct Memory Access (DMA) to the background without using CPU The operates ECP when peripherals this If the option field the BIOS as ECP, the ECP Advanced information the Connecting You such as or graphics to the PS/2 or the to information which to select. Follow these instructions to the type of interface (PS/2 or to the operating information. If the PS/2 interface, the the of the to the of to the PS/2 If the interface, the the of the to the of to the the or to SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices
March AM Connecting and Optional Devices the Although both the and the TouchPad should to conflicts. using that the TouchPad to To the TouchPad, Fn+T. Connecting To to SA200. Follow these instructions to the PS/2 located the of the to the of the PS/2 with the and the that If this type of AT- to-PS/2 Although both the and the function, them both the Connecting Follow these instructions to known as CRT): the to the located the of the to the Turn the and then Press to the active that choice of three active LCD only, both LCD CRT, and CRT only. through these three SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting Follow these instructions to the the rear of to the to the the of If necessary, the to Tighten screws. Turn the and other peripheral connected to the If necessary, the BIOS to the to properly to to both and information. Connecting USB Devices You peripheral that USB to SA200. Follow these to USB the USB the of to the USB to the USB the other of the USB to USB Follow the instructions with the and If turned off, SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Connecting Headphones SA200 with Sound sound features. You to with the built-in headphones to or Follow these to headphones or to the headphone the of to the headphone or to the headphone If turned off, turn Connecting Microphone SA200 with internal microphone. If to microphone, to Follow these to microphone to the microphone the of to the microphone to the microphone If turned off, Connecting You input with to SA200 Follow these to input to the the of the to the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Optional Devices this section, learn to optional internal PCMCIA Cards PCMCIA Card PCMCIA of options such as memory and SA200 PCMCIA that II PCMCIA cards, or III PCMCIA The PCMCIA located the right of the SA200. The the Option. To PCMCIA follow these instructions: the PCMCIA the of the PCMCIA with the arrow and the the the the The top the the seated, the located the of the the seated the the right PCMCIA as directed. This found Please the instructions with PCMCIA PCMCIA SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Devices To PCMCIA follow these instructions: the shutdown PCMCIA to the PCMCIA to the the The PCMCIA from the Memory SA200 with 16MB or 32MB memory. The memory to memory. The SA200 the following memory 8MB 8MB 16MB 16MB 16MB 16MB 8MB 24MB 16MB 16MB 32MB 16MB 32MB 48MB 16MB 64MB 80MB 32MB 32MB 32MB 8MB 40MB 32MB 16MB 48MB 32MB 32MB 64MB 32MB 64MB 96MB 64MB 64MB 128MB Follow these instructions to memory Turn off the Shutdown Turning SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the screws from the memory cover the of the the memory cover. the the and with firm, the The memory to that the Turn The and the following Warning, Unexpected Amount of Memory, SCU. to BIOS and Memory Compartment SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices memory easily electricity. You to wear grounding memory Grounding readily and shops.
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Devices the Peripheral The SA200 right or peripheral to house or CD-ROM Follow these instructions to the peripheral and another or turn off using the Shutdown the with the facing the release latch. to the the release the peripheral the of its the of choice. that the release back from the LCD cover or the LCD and the Peripheral SA200
March AM Removing and architecture to the The located to another To or the follow these off. the SA200 the release. and Press the release and outward. the the of the the from the With the facing the the clicks Turn Press <F2> while the through its On (POST). This the BIOS the to the information. SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices or the while turned seriously from the free from
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Devices the Connecting the Externally If the CD-ROM used, the to the with the To the the to the and the other of the to the The FDD ready to You the FDD without turning off the Connecting the Externally SA200
March AM SA200 Connecting and Optional Devices The FDD with the FDD If connected to the the connected to the FDD or the
lonestar.boo March AM Connecting and Optional Devices SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 THE POWER SYSTEM CHAPTER
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM The This chapter covers the of the SA200. The of three AC Battery The built-in completely the and the of the charges. You and features through the of the BIOS You to features. AC The AC Converts AC the DC Charges the instructions the AC to Connecting to AC SA200 with its AC AC to the This seriously the AC to other The
lonestar.boo March AM The If the AC the to whether properly connected. If everything connected properly, to the PC Service Battery SA200 with battery. The to with the selecting or the SA200 ONLY the SA200 or of other VOID the warranty and or injury. the following New shipped You charge the to The its charge when the turned off. If of charge least or the from the operating with Charging the the AC connected to charges the whether the SA200 turned or off. or the battery, and then follow these instructions to charge the battery: SA200
lonestar.boo March AM that the its as the section Removing and the Battery the AC to the and the AC The Battery lights. Allow the to charge This about hours the turned off, or about hours the turned the battery and the Battery off, charging automatically. The that and charge the first it life. and the Battery Follow the instructions below to the battery. Turn off. the battery release latch. the release to the and SA200 The become while using the the charging its becomes too high. If this should the and then charging the when This to that shutdown properly the battery, to information turning off. The
lonestar.boo March AM The the cover to the front and to the of its Battery Cartridge Follow the instructions below to the battery. the when This to that shutdown properly the battery, to information turning off. Turn off. the release latch. the release to the and the cover to the front to the the seated. The fits only should facing when the the the release SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the Battery Battery SA200 with the of the battery. Battery displays information the To the follow these the the right of the Click the to the capacity. Double-click the to the Battery Battery SA200 The
lonestar.boo March AM The Battery to inform of batterys capacity reaches warning every seconds. the charge than within seconds of to RAM. Battery to using charge following these Turn the off when using the and the section. the or to to RAM when the LCD to brightness. If choose without graphics or the the Battery flashes, and then recharge the from when using the of SA200 features sophisticated (PM) that to and the of the You the features to operating SA200
lonestar.boo March AM to RAM to both AC and battery- operations. To PM the the BIOS information. operates when to the BIOS This option located the features this when operating the SA200 with the AC allows to performance while The SA200 timer-based You timeout to when the should The with this that Each of his or when the This timer-based ineffective. allows to You to the timeout the The LCD and when the or the and the to the accessed. SA200 The
lonestar.boo March AM The to RAM to RAM of the functions the BIOS the to RAM when the to RAM timeout or when the Press to manually the to RAM The following when to RAM memory to RAM. to RAM. The off memory. The to RAM to to the function and to the to the when the to timeout Press to manually the to The following when to memory to the to the The off. SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Precautions You should the following switching the to While the or (including PCMCIA and memory cards); otherwise, the If the or switch with another to to using the If the too the to to SA200 to RAM the to RAM To to from to RAM or the closed. The and from RAM and the If while the to RAM the to to of the lights off. To to from to the The reads and from the and the SA200 If the to or the the to isnt enough, the to to RAM and when turned off. The
lonestar.boo March AM The to the following The The of memory The If the to reason, warning sounds and this displays: to found or insufficient. to Press to Press and the to to to C. The Intel-Microsoft APM Interface to the power-saving built BIOS the SA200 the Intel-Microsoft Advanced (APM) Interface, This interface that built-in features of the This allows APM to the CPU with performance. If APM the the PM field to the BIOS If the BIOS the PM field to APM of its the APM interface, APM the BIOS properly and APM: from the BIOS. Constantly activity, including the operating active and the of SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Accounts operating inactivity and Accounts inactivity and Allows operating and the BIOS to to of when should active. transparently the While the APM inactivity. If APM that the operating or the input (or other APM reduces the CPU to high APM increases the CPU to APM constantly activity, accounts and features, APM software based, software to APM to automatically. the APM correctly APM and becomes active each APM appears this displays and advanced, or The that the and to thorough of the APM interface and its features. SA200 The
lonestar.boo March AM The SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 APPENDICES
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting This with information to SA200 top the try to that the and of the surroundings the following 0C to 35C (32F to 95F) -20C to 60C (4F to 140F) Relative (Non-condensing) to to If from to the allow the to to using This allows the to SA200 and Troubleshooting
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting portability. and when follow these to of with the with the turned This of and to the the AC from the or the AC carrying the to or things. Although the SA200 physical should follow and to that performance to The LCD scratching the of the the when the turned off. allow to the Water the LCD to bright sunlight or radiation. the LCD to and of the crystals to the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Cleaning the the the with cloth. Stubborn wiped first with cloth, and then off with cloth. Gently the of the with cloth. FIR cloth to the FIR the FIR the with TouchPad cloth to the TouchPad. Troubleshooting This section the of and yourself. If cant the to PC Service. Common The following section and the corrective Symptom: The switch function SA200 and Troubleshooting or other chemicals to the while turned
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting The switch light the switch least second. Confirm that the AC properly connected to and If the the the and that the properly seated the Symptom: The If the the On (POST), PC Service. If the the POST, the or the created, and then the The A:\> appears. If that the the and CD. Please to the instructions that the the FORMAT to of the FORMAT command as and with PC Service. Symptom: The Press the to whether the to Press to through the LCD and the to that the If the the the cord, and the AC as as switches that If the and correctly. the brightness and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the If the the POST the or the lights momentarily and then becomes PC Service. Turn the off, seconds, and then the back If the the POST the or the lights momentarily and then becomes PC Service. Symptom: The write to The Formatting information. The with The write protected. the and that the write Protecting and information. The another The restricted to the Symptom: You or You nonbootable A: or without operating the If this issued when to from bootable and the of Symptom: The and incorrect the or BIOS to the and If the and incorrect, to the battery. SA200 and Troubleshooting
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting Symptom: You recharge the If the prolonged of the become completely such to to the AC hours the to recharge normally. Symptom: The that the that the properly connected to the Double-click and then whether If to Double-click and then whether to Search the Index. Symptom: The sound the and Double-click the which to the right of the clock the right of the to the whether the sound turned (off) the Press to whether the increases. that the sound From the and then the Next Sound and that the YAMAHA Sound If the New to the Symptom: The IR function properly the IrDA field the BIOS that the FIR dirty. the the and the other If there than four inches the the and SA200
lonestar.boo March AM If of the following appears when the turned the as shown the right Short Short Short Short Short Short Short other that Unlock switch RAM RAM UMB Battery and SETUP. CMOS SETUP. SA200 and Troubleshooting Corrective Action the and PC Service. the and PC Service. The clock the battery. Incorrect the BIOS Correct the the BIOS If this the PC Service.
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting RAM offset:xxxx Clock clock the If the PC Service. repeatedly the Correct the BIOS If this the PC Service. PC Service. cache found Parity SA200 while testing the memory 1MB whether the memory boards properly connected the memory If this the PC Service. PC Service. the If the PC Service. the without the Correct the BIOS If this the PC Service. Secondary cache memory PC Service. The operating found whether the operating correctly the PC Service.
lonestar.boo March AM Parity detected I/O COM IO IRQ Press <F1> to <Ctrl S> to SETUP The CMOS loaded. If other than those the the off. least seconds, and then the the BIOS If the PC Service. The the Power-On-Self-Test (POST) every or the The POST of that the of If the POST board the and If other than the board (such as the appears the and testing stopped. You testing when <F1>. SA200 and Troubleshooting PC Service. The COM the COM the BIOS The IRQ the I/O the BIOS Press <Ctrl S> to the using the BIOS Press <F1> to the Press and the BIOS Then the of the
lonestar.boo March AM and Troubleshooting the POST that to something, sounds or appears the of the If to the BIOS to <F2>. <F1> to the and the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS SA200 the factory as to the without its to this chapter. the BIOS to the basic bootup and This to and the BIOS BIOS Introduction BIOS input and to and to The BIOS both the and with to The BIOS easy-to-use to such items and and options protection features The BIOS ROM-based memory) The battery-backed-up CMOS RAM memory), which when off. SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS the BIOS through the to to the BIOS to BIOS computing SA200 the first prompting to the BIOS warning appear the the or the On This inform of or and to the BIOS to the information On (POST) On prompted instructing to the BIOS eventually to Following reasons why to the BIOS You the the first and that should the BIOS You to the clock. You to the to conflicts. You to to the You to the or other to the security SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Accessing the BIOS To the BIOS <F2> while the through its On (POST). You the BIOS turned or the the launched the operating the BIOS Both the and the with through the BIOS The The top of the BIOS with the following selections: this to to the Advanced this to to this to security Security this to and features. this to the or the BIOS To BIOS or SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS The The following the to through the BIOS with their Function or Selects the Selects the or the and or the of field. Selects front of field item with The the BIOS the located the right of the The displays the text the currently highlighted field. first the BIOS the displays. This section the options the and These options to the and specify. If the and operating the and the also. to these SA200
lonestar.boo March AM This option the the The BIOS the to and sector, (1.2MB) without The options 1.44MB The this field 1.44MB Press to the This the the IDE Every the it should selected the option below. The options With this option, the to supply the bootup information. This allows to the of the below the option. The (MB) field based this information. These should the or its accompanying This the The BIOS the type of every the and the information BIOS. to and the Autotype option. SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS The option of the You should, however, the with the the first If of to the to the If the that the 528MB or capacity), the LBA If using 528MB or from that LBA the properly. You the BIOS and the CD-ROM/ATAPI Press to the CD-ROM/ATAPI This shows the ATAPI the and the The options CD-ROM ATAPI The this field CD-ROM Press to the the the of the that the to through the boot-up process. The options CD-ROM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM The of the options CD-ROM and The the To this the option. This option or the boot-up. The options The this field You this boot-up or The Screen which the when The options Both The this field Both Memory, Memory, BIOS VGA BIOS These the Advanced The options allow to and choose the COM the If to the this choosing Disabled to or to this to another PC SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS The options The this field The I/O options 3F8 2F8 3E8 2E8 The this field 3F8 The options IRQ IRQ IRQ IRQ The this field IRQ The options allow to and choose the COM the If to this choosing Disabled to or to this to another PC The options: Enabled The this field The I/O options 3F8 2F8 3E8 2E8 SA200
lonestar.boo March AM The this field 2F8 The options IRQ IRQ IRQ IRQ The this field IRQ These options allow to the and its I/O and If to the to Disabled to The options The this field The Operation options ECP to which or Bi-Directional The this field ECP The I/O options 3BC The this field SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS The (IRQ) options IRQ IRQ The this field IRQ Security the to this option. the the to and to this option. The to (A-Z, characters the the If the both the and and If or service To the the first. the the and the To the the existing first and the field The effective the or options. This restricts user to the to the BIOS or to both the and BIOS SA200
lonestar.boo March AM this option to to the boot-up process. The options The this field this option to to from to RAM or to The options The this field Access This option the of the The options to Supervisor, the the allowing to the If to the the boot-up. The this field SA200 the BIOS
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS the the the Chapter Pressing activates to Pressing activates to RAM This option to when the active. The options The this field On this option the turned The options The this field Battery This option when the low-battery This the from AC this option and low-battery the to or to RAM The options The this SA200
lonestar.boo March AM this option the from to RAM when incoming detected. This option apply to to The options The this field The the PC Card the correctly; the PC this option the and the This options to to The options The this field SA200 the BIOS If the to or the the to isnt enough, the to to RAM and when off.
lonestar.boo March AM the BIOS Battery Warning This option when the low-battery This the from AC this option and low-battery the The options The this field and and and of and the previous the factory Previous Loads the when the BIOS and the BIOS SA200
lonestar.boo March AM C The allows to information created then off to On the the the information from the and from where off. The the following where /CREATE the /DELETE the /INFO displays information the /REFORMAT PARTITION the existing SA200 The to SAVE2DSK.BIN; DO NOT or this the or of this to to C
lonestar.boo March AM C SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Technical This technical and specifications SA200. Memory Memory 000000-09FFFF 640KB memory memory 0A0000-0BFFFF 128KB RAM graphics 0C0000-0CBFFF BIOS BIOS 0F0000-0FFFFF 64KB BIOS BIOS 10000-7FFFFF memory On-board memory 80000-27FFF memory DIMM memory FE00000-FFFFFF 256KB ROM of assignment 0E0000- 0FFFFF SA200 Definition Function Technical
lonestar.boo March AM Technical DMA Function ECP Ir Direct memory 008B 008A SA200
lonestar.boo March AM IRQ SMI NMI Parity I/O from PIC (option) (option) ECP (LPT1) clock to INT 0AH (IRQ2) (option) PCMCIA (option) PCMCIA PS/2 TouchPad IDE CD-ROM SA200 Technical
lonestar.boo March AM Technical I/O 000-00F DMA CMOS RTC Motherboard 081-08F DMA 0A0-0A1 0C0-0DF DMA 0F0-0FF sound 82371AB PCI IDE Secondary IDE 1A0-1BF PCI to USB 1F0-1F7 3F6-3F7 CD-ROM CD-ROM 220-22F 240-24F 260-26F 280-28F 278-27F 2E8-2EF COM 2F8-2FF COM (IrDA) MPU-401 MPU-401 SA200
lonestar.boo March AM MPU-401 MPU-401 34C-34F 378-37F 388-38B FM synthesizer 3BC-3BE 3B4, 3B5, 3BA subsystem 3C0-3C5 VGA 3C6-3C9 DAC 3C0-3CF Enhanced graphics 3D0-3DF graphics 3E8-3EF COM 3F0-3F7 3F8-3FF COM CF8-CFF PCI SA200 Technical
lonestar.boo March AM Technical Technical Specifications The following the of SA200 computers. optional specifications to without Specification with MMX L2 256KB One 2.1GB with (Enhanced) IDE Interface On-Board Memory 16MB EDO DRAM to 128MB with 16/32/64MB EDO DRAM memory BIOS RAM 2MB SVGA SCC; CD-ROM 20X CD-ROM PCMCIA II, or III PC Card CardBus and with integrated Synaptics TouchPad with buttons, Edge Motion, and advanced features. SA200 32MB EDO DRAM to 128MB with 16/32/64MB EDO DRAM memory 256KB EPROM 1.44MB LS-120 (Optional) One 3.2GB with (Enhanced) IDE Interface
lonestar.boo March AM with 3D Sound One One One Microphone Interfaces RS232 PS/2 IrDA (ASK/SIR/FIR), USB (Optional). 12.34"(W) 9.56"(D) 1.89"(H) with and CD-ROM SA200 Lithium (Optional) Technical
lonestar.boo March AM Technical SA200
lonestar.boo March AM Technical Software easy to technical information. World Access the technical information Software World URL This service features and information about Software products, service and Software releases, and Customer PC Service Unit Nottingham NG7 2NR Customer SA200 Technical
lonestar.boo March AM Technical SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200 GLOSSARY
lonestar.boo March AM
lonestar.boo March AM AC and supplying to the from AC Used to from the of such as CD or back To and from the or or other to the and they or which the to operations without from AC the should to hours, operating The of the that infect the through or and the the of input the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM software that (such as with operating and that the operating to the peripheral the that or information. TouchPad and information. the (or and the TouchPad (or the memory optional board to the memory to 128MB). Used to to the input of peripheral such as headphones or highlight To item that affected the functions initiated the combined input of and another that lights to the of and activity, and the that shows (or TouchPad) that the with of the TouchPad or SA200
lonestar.boo March AM to To areas. created, each as PC PCMCIA this that the PC SCSI and LAN of PC cards. PC Card PCMCIA this with the housing of the to PC PCM type of that the PCM to recorded sound. PCMCIA Memory Card International Association. PC cards. RAM Memory. type of internal memory the temporary of information. You the information RAM. Information RAM when turn off. To the without turning off the Press to ROM Memory. type of internal memory that instructions You things ROM. Information ROM retained when off. SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SCC Clear Color) the SCSI Interface) One of the connecting the with peripheral such as function that its when or One of the the the CPU clock the LCD backlights off, and the The to when or the TouchPad. who the to the when The assigned this security functions including the BIOS One of the the to turned off to the CPU, LCD and The to when or the TouchPad. clock The clock built the TFT (Thin Transistor) the SA200
lonestar.boo March AM who the user to the when started. The assigned to this security the BIOS SA200
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
March AM SA200 Index
lonestar.boo March AM SA200
lonestar.boo March AM AC connecting to troubleshooting New New I/O memory Advanced interface APM interface sound option Backspace Battery option charging SA200 Battery tone BIOS booting selecting selecting Break brightness, C CD-ROM using CD-ROM CD-ROM/ATAPI DMA charging cleaning clicking, TouchPad COM peripheral CD-ROM/ATAPI AC input
lonestar.boo March AM Index microphone headphones USB sound cover, Ctrl and with FIR and with internal and option brightness SA200 of type cleaning DMA double-clicking, TouchPad TouchPad and operations, TouchPad CD-ROM input microphone FIR externally using
lonestar.boo March AM (Function) formatting function graphics grounding selecting using internal peripheral headphones troubleshooting Software humidity, and I/O FIR memory PCMCIA peripheral internal SA200 connecting features operations to of cleaning input connecting peripheral connecting to AC with internal cover restarting technical turning off turning LCD LED memory
lonestar.boo March AM memory microphone, memory peripheral connecting MS-DOS boot-up restricting with PCMCIA peripheral peripheral connecting and SA200 FIR USB POST button AC APM interface troubleshooting RAM. memory CD-ROM memory PCMCIA peripheral
lonestar.boo March AM restarting options to option SA200. AC and option SIR with Advanced restoring and Security using when to SA200 sound features tone specifications, technical selecting selecting to to RAM to RAM options Index
lonestar.boo March AM Index and operations, TouchPad TouchPad technical technical and with tone TouchPad cleaning troubleshooting AC turning off turning USB operating and shortcut wireless SIR SA200 write protecting