HP PC and Service October This troubleshooting reference and servicing the It information features, and troubleshooting and
Copyright Company, L.P. Microsoft, and U.S. of Microsoft Corporation. SD of its Bluetooth its and and Core or of Corporation or its the United States and other countries. U.S. of Microsystems, Inc. The information to without The warranties HP products and services forth the warranty accompanying such products and services. Nothing should as constituting warranty. HP technical or or contained First Edition: October
MSG history Revision Publication The battery, the following locations: and Battery
warning WARNING: To reduce the of heat-related or of overheating the the directly or the the only allow another such as optional or such as or or clothing, to Also, allow the AC to the or such as or or clothing, operation. The and the AC with the the International of Information (IEC
Product HP PC Core2 low-voltage, Chipset Northbridge: GS Southbridge: ICH9M SFF Graphics Graphics X4500 HD Unified Memory Architecture (UMA) graphics subsystem with memory allocated) with to MB shared memory with Integrated light wireless (WLAN) Memory memory Supports memory Supports PC2-6400, DDR2 memory to 8192-GB memory and Service SL9400 6-MB L2 cache, front (FSB) SL9300 6-MB L2 cache, FSB SU9300 3-MB L2 cache, FSB Supports the following 12.1-inch WXGA LED with and light 12.1-inch WXGA LED with 12.1-inch WXGA LED with light 12.1-inch WXGA LED Supports the following 8192-MB memory 6144-MB memory 5120-MB memory 4096-MB memory 3072-MB memory 2048-MB memory 2048-MB memory 1024-MB memory Product (Continued)
Product Supports (1.80-inch) and (1.80-inch) Customer-accessible ATA HP 3D Supports only through Supports USB only Supports from USB Microphone Integrated microphone AD1984A high-definition Optional with business 56K V.92 1.5-inch with included Supports option Ethernet interface (NIC) NIC Ethernet included S4/S5 LAN Wireless Integrated WLAN options of wireless wireless built assembly Supports option One optional SD Card (MMC) and (SD) Memory Cards and Service Supports the following 120-GB, 80-GB, 80-GB Supports the following WLAN with with Integrated wireless (WWAN) options of wireless HSPDA EV-DO WWAN WWAN built assembly 5-band) Supports WWAN option Subscriber (SIM) user-accessible Integrated network (PAN) options of Bluetooth option Bluetooth (Continued)
HP through Headphone Microphone RJ-45 USB microphone) headphone) AC RJ-11 RJ-45 includes and activity lights) USB VGA with Keyboard/pointing (10.7-inch) (TouchPad with TouchPad buttons and with buttons) as 65-W HP AC with with ground DC (44-Wh) Supports HP2700 Battery battery) Security Supports security Optional integrated Active Integrated trusted platform (TPM) to board) Integrated USB-based without Microsoft Office: with and Service with Microsoft Office: with Microsoft Office Ready with and Microsoft Office Ready with Microsoft Office Ready with and Microsoft Office Ready with Microsoft Office with and Microsoft Office with Microsoft Office and with Microsoft Office and with Microsoft Office with and Microsoft Office Product (Continued)
Product DRDVD DRDVD Microsoft Office Ready DVD Serviceability AC Battery Memory WLAN WWAN and Service Certified:
Top Wireless locations Item WWAN and wireless to with wireless (WWAN). WLAN and wireless to with wireless (WLAN). WWAN and wireless to with wireless (WWAN). *These from the of the the immediately around the from To wireless notices, to the section of the and Notices that to country or These located and and Service
Item light only) On: The only) Records and and photographs. light and the light. light the low-light when the light pressed. HP Allows to instead of microphones Record sound and sound and IP light the based the lighting the and the from or and Service
and switches Item switch off the the closed while the the and sound. To the from right to You and the of the To increase the from to right. You and the right of the and Service
Item information when with the when with function or the the shortcut items beneath the Can the Function functions when with the and Service
Lights Item light On: The The the or XP). The off or Hibernation. Battery light to charge capacity. that the reached the reaches the light If the the light off when the charged. If the the light off the reaches light The accessed. light On: TouchPad light TouchPad TouchPad light sound sound off. light The to light The to increase light On: or the and Service HP 3D temporarily the internal
Item TouchPad light TouchPad TouchPad the TouchPad when with the TouchPad on/off the and selects or activates items the the TouchPad when with the Functions the TouchPad* the and selects or activates items the TouchPad Functions the Right TouchPad Functions the right TouchPad Scrolls or Right Functions the right *This factory To or and Sound and Service
Item switch the off, the switch to the right to the the the switch to the right to the the the or XP), the switch to the right to the or the Hibernation, the switch to the right to Hibernation. If the responding and procedures ineffective, the switch to the right and least seconds to off the To learn about and business that the release the light and the light. WWAN the WWAN Bluetooth optional Bluetooth and Service
Right-side Item HP Allows to instead of optional IEEE or such as (headphone) sound when connected to optional headphones, ear or (microphone) optional headset microphone, microphone, or microphone. SD Card Supports the following optional (SD) Memory Card (MMC) USB Connects optional USB Security optional security to the The security to as the from or and Service
to the that closely matches Item the to cool internal The to cool internal and overheating. It the internal to and off operation. only) Supports optional Wireless switch the wireless or off, wireless wireless to establish wireless light integrated wireless such as wireless (WLAN) the HP Broadband and/or Bluetooth wireless off. Info Info which to software USB to USB such as optional with USB and Service
Item the to cool internal The to cool internal and overheating. It the internal to and off operation. Supports optional and Cards. only) Wireless switch the wireless or off, wireless wireless network to wireless light wireless such as wireless WLAN the HP Broadband and/or Bluetooth wireless off. Info Info which to software USB to USB such as optional with USB and Service
Rear Item functions the and the and Press to command. to to allows to or of switches the and While the with the to the command.* While the the with the to the command. The and information The function to functionality when the become RJ-11 RJ-45 VGA or AC *To and the the the and the on-screen and Service
Item the memory WLAN only), and WWAN only). to internal The to cool internal and overheating. It the internal to and off operation. sound. Battery the and identity (SIM). Charge the charge. Accessory to the accessory Accessory optional accessory battery. Battery release Releases the from the optional and Service
location The service to the of the information that when troubleshooting The service the following information: Product This the to the front of the This that to each number/Product This information about the The service to what and This the to and the Warranty This the of the warranty the or information, the and the service and Service
and Service
Item assembly (includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with and light 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with light 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly (includes 501493-A41 the and 501493-B71 Greece 501493-DJ1 Iceland 501493-DD1 501493-BB1 America the 501493-B31 Norway 501493-BA1 South 501493-AD1 501493-BG1 501493-AB1 Thailand the United the United States and Service (Continued)
Item Plastics includes: cover (includes screws, Plastics Plastics information. Top cover (includes LED board and and RTC (includes (includes Bluetooth The Bluetooth include Bluetooth The Bluetooth included the (includes and New countries and and New board (includes thermal with Core2 SL9400 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache with Core2 SL9300 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache with Core2 SU9300 FSB, and 3-MB L2 cache Fan/heat assembly (includes thermal (includes release and illustrated; includes screw covers, and Battery 4.4-Wh includes board shield illustrated) and wireless shield and Service (Continued)
Item WLAN WLAN countries and WLAN countries and WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States WLAN and the and the British Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East French Germany, Greece, Honduras, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New Zealand, Norway, New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South and and the and the United the United and BCM4312 WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States and Service (Continued)
Item Broadcom BCM4312 WLAN and the and the British Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East Germany, Greece, Honduras, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South Spain, and and the and the United the United and HSPDA EV-DO WWAN (includes and 120-GB, 80-GB, 80-GB (includes and illustrated) Memory (PC2-6400, DDR2) 4096-MB 2048-MB 1024-MB illustrated, includes board information) and Service
Item Bluetooth and Service
Item (includes and 120-GB, 80-GB, 80-GB (includes and illustrated) and Service
Plastics Item Plastics cover cover (includes screw, and Service
65-W AC cords: 490371-D01 the East, and Africa 490371-BB1 North America Screw PM2.57.0 screw PM2.54.0 screw PM2.05.0 screw PM2.05.0 screw PM2.04.0 screw PM2.03.0 screw Torx T8M2.56.0 screw Torx T8M2.08.0 screw T8M2.05.0 screw and Service
BCM4312 WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States BCM4312 WLAN and the and the Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New Zealand, New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South Spain, and and the and the United the United and countries and and New (includes and New (includes 65-W AC WLAN countries and WLAN countries and RTC (includes Bluetooth The Bluetooth include Bluetooth The Bluetooth included the HSPDA EV-DO WWAN WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States and Service (Continued)
Broadcom WLAN and the and the British Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New Zealand, Norway, New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South Spain, and and the and the United the United and North America the East, and Africa 490371-BB1 490371-D01 with Core2 SU9300 FSB, and 3-MB L2 cache (includes thermal board with Core2 SL9300 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache (includes thermal with SL9400 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache (includes thermal 1024-MB memory (PC2-6400, DDR2) 2048-MB memory (PC2-6400, DDR2) 4096-MB memory (PC2-6400, DDR2) 80-GB, 1.8-inch (include and 120-GB, 1.8-inch (include and 1.8-inch, 80-GB (include and and Service (Continued)
the United States the United Norway French America the Thailand 501493-A41 501493-AB1 501493-AD1 South 501493-B31 the 501493-B71 and 501493-BA1 501493-BB1 501493-BG1 501493-DD1 Iceland 501493-DJ1 Greece and Service (Continued)
Fan/heat assembly (includes thermal (includes screw covers, and Screw Plastics Plastics Plastics information. information. (includes release and Top (includes LED board and and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly (includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with (includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with light (includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with and light (includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 4.4-Wh (includes and Service
You the following to the and screwdriver screwdriver P0 and P1 screwdrivers Torx T8 screwdriver Service The following sections include of the that and assembly each subassembly from the the subassembly (and accompanying screws) from the to CAUTION: force and reassembly when the Apply only the the instructions. and CAUTION: servicing the that their locations the reassembly process. the with to Apply the to or seat the and insertion. the whenever or tearing that routed such that they caught or or replaced. with these tear easily. and Service and
and procedures CAUTION: that with To to the to or of information, these or the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating that of electricity. While touching the covered with least inch of shock-proof from height or static-proof to products that such as or to or If the or other of protective and the "FRAGILE." Grounding to (ESD). and the of built integrated protection, ESD enough to or of electricity from or other or the neither heard, occurred. to ESD affected and perfectly throughout the function normally while, and then the internal layers, reducing its expectancy. CAUTION: To to the when or internal these their ready to them. touching electricity the this section. touching leads, and as as If and Service
The following shows affects the CAUTION: as as V. Typical Motions of Removing DIPS from DIPS from DIPS from Styrofoam Removing from PCB and Follow these grounding when and To hand products or boxes. Protect and with or or their the arrive static-free workstations. items grounded items from their properly grounded when touching or assembly. from protective or and of and bushings. that wired to ground and that selected to to charges. and Service and Relative
and Workstation Follow these grounding workstation the workstation with static-shielding wrist connected to properly grounded and properly grounded and service such as cutters, screwdrivers, and directly of the free of such as ordinary assembly and Styrofoam. and the or PCM these items static-free workstations. with leads, or Turn off and input or or Grounding include wrist or foot grounded workstation. seated, wear wrist connected to grounded with of the ground cords. To ground, wear the On grounded with to wrist foot and grounded Foot or workstations and with of or On or foot both with of the and ground. To effective, the with the The following recommended to and protectors Conductive and other assembly or Nonconductive Conductive workstations with ground cords of or with to the ground Service and Service
Static awareness Material-handling Nonconductive or and protective The following the shielding protection and protection Carbon-loaded Unknown user If the servicing unknown follow these to clear the These clear CMOS. the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating Disconnect connected to the Disconnect the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the clock (RTC) RTC battery the RTC battery and reassemble the AC to the this Turn the and CMOS cleared. and Service and
and This chapter and procedures. There as as screws, that replaced, or when servicing the of each screw and location and location The service to the of the information that when troubleshooting The service the following information: Product This the to the front of the This that to each number/Product This information about the The service to what and This the to and the Warranty This the of the warranty the or information, the and the service and Service
The The included the There four that to the the locations illustrated below. and Service and
and procedures Battery 4.4-Wh the follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the battery: Turn the with the the release to release the battery. the of the and from the To the battery, the front of the the and the of the seated. The release the and Service
SIM This section to with WWAN If there SIM the SIM the that the SIM the SIM reassembling the the SIM, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM: Press the SIM (The from the SIM the SIM from the SIM this to the SIM. and Service and
and procedures The includes and 120-GB, 1.8-inch 80-GB, 1.8-inch 80-GB the follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the Disconnect the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM SIM the the PM2.05.0 screws that the cover to the the of the cover and then the cover. The included the Plastics and Service
the PM2.03.0 screws that the to the the Disconnect the from the board. Release the to the right, and then the the the straight to from the this to reassemble and the and Service and procedures
and WLAN CAUTION: The WLAN and the WWAN interchangeable. WLAN countries and WLAN countries and WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States WLAN and the and the British Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East French Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New Zealand, New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South Spain, and and the and the United the United and BCM4312 WLAN and the Islands, and the U.S. Islands, and the United States and Service (Continued)
Broadcom BCM4312 WLAN and the and the British Islands, the African Chile, the People's of the the the East French Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, the Coast, Lesotho, the the Islands, the Nether the New Zealand, Norway, New the Poland, the of Tome and the the Islands, South Africa, South Spain, and and the and the United the United and the WLAN follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the Disconnect the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM SIM the cover and Service and
and procedures the WLAN the WLAN from the terminals the WLAN The WLAN connected to the WLAN The white WLAN to the WLAN the PM2.54.0 screws that the WLAN to the (The of the the from the the WLAN the from the WLAN with notch to incorrect insertion the WLAN this to the WLAN and Service
WWAN CAUTION: The WLAN and the WWAN interchangeable. HSPDA EV-DO WWAN the WWAN follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM SIM the cover the WWAN Disconnect the WWAN from the terminals the WWAN The WWAN connected to the WWAN The WWAN connected to the WWAN the PM2.54.0 screws that the WWAN to the (The of the the from the the WWAN the from the WWAN with notch to incorrect insertion the WWAN this to the WWAN and Service and
and procedures Memory 4096-MB (PC2-6400, DDR2) 2048-MB (PC2-6400, DDR2) 1024-MB (PC2-6400, DDR2) the memory follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM SIM the cover the memory The top memory memory and the memory. the each of the memory to release the memory (The of the the from the the memory the from the Memory with notch to incorrect insertion the memory this to memory and Service
501493-A41 the and 501493-B71 Greece 501493-DJ1 Iceland 501493-DD1 501493-BB1 America the 501493-B31 Norway 501493-BA1 South 501493-AD1 501493-BG1 501493-AB1 Thailand and Service and procedures
and the follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, turn the and then through the operating Disconnect connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the SIM SIM the cover the the following: screw covers. The screw covers this section the RUB-001. Torx T8M2.08.0 screws. and Service
Turn the with the front the as as the of the and back the Release the insertion force (ZIF) to which the attached, and the from the board. the top of the and the Release the ZIF to which the attached, and the from the board. the this to the and Service and procedures
and procedures The included the Plastics the cover, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM the cover: Turn the with the the Torx T8M2.05.0 screws that the cover to the Turn the right-side with the the to upright the from the this to the cover. and Service
Top cover Top cover (includes LED board and and the top cover, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover the top cover: Turn the with the front the following: One screw cover. screw covers this section included the RUB-001. Three Torx T8M2.08.0 screws. screw covers. The screw covers this section included the RUB-001. Torx T8M2.04.0 screws. and Service and procedures
and Turn the right-side with the front the as as Release the ZIF to which the TouchPad board connected and the TouchPad from the board. Release the ZIF to which the LED connected and the LED from the board. the PM2.05.0 screws that the top cover to the the front of the top cover the top cover from the this to the top cover. and Service
RTC the RTC and or and CMOS to cleared. RTC (includes the RTC battery, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating Disconnect connected to the Disconnect the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover Top Top cover the RTC battery: Disconnect the RTC from the board. the RTC The RTC attached to the using two-sided this to the RTC battery. and Service and procedures
and procedures (includes the board, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating Disconnect connected to the Disconnect the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover Top cover Top cover the and Release the ZIF to which the connected, and the from the board. The board included with the board and the MCK-001. the PM2.05.0 screw that the to the the and this to the board. and Service
Bluetooth Bluetooth The Bluetooth include Bluetooth The Bluetooth included the the Bluetooth follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover Top cover Top cover board the Bluetooth the Bluetooth from the board. the Bluetooth from the built the the PM2.04.0 screw that the Bluetooth and to the board. the and from the this to the Bluetooth and Service and
and procedures the follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover Top cover Top cover board Bluetooth Bluetooth the the from the board. the from the built the the PM2.05.0 screw that the to the the from the this to the and Service
assembly The assembly includes light microphones, WLAN and and WWAN and 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with and light 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly with light 12.1-inch, WXGA LED assembly the assembly, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover Top cover Top cover and Service and procedures
and procedures the assembly: the as as Disconnect the following from the and the from the built the shielding: board Microphone the wireless from the the board and the built the board shielding. the PM2.04.0 screws that the to the board. the from the board. the PM2.04.0 screw that the to the board. the from the board. and Service
CAUTION: The assembly when the following screws To to the assembly, the screws. the four PM2.56.0 screws that the assembly to the to the the screw to to the the assembly straight and this to the assembly. and Service and procedures
and board The includes thermal with SL9400 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache with SL9300 FSB, and 6-MB L2 cache with Core2 SU9300 FSB, and 3-MB L2 cache the board, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating Disconnect connected to the the from the first the from the AC and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover Top Top cover assembly assembly the board, that the following from the and the board: SIM SIM WLAN WLAN WWAN WWAN Memory Memory RTC RTC battery Fan/heat assembly Fan/heat assembly and Service
the board: Turn the with the front the wireless shield from the The wireless shield included the Turn the right-side with the front Press the to release from the (The partially from the the The included the Plastics and Service and
and the with the front the board shield. The shield included the the four PM2.05.0 screws that the to the and Service
the with the rear the to the front of the the board from the this to the board. and Service and
and Fan/heat assembly Fan/heat assembly (includes thermal the fan/heat assembly, follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover cover Top cover Top cover assembly assembly board board the fan/heat assembly: the from the board. and Service
Turn the with the front the PM2.57.0 screws that the fan/heat assembly to the the the fan/heat assembly. the fan/heat assembly to the of the thermal located the heat and board to the heat from to to The thermal thoroughly cleaned from the of the heat and the the graphics and the board each the heat thermal included with and fan/heat assembly this to the fan/heat assembly. To properly the allow least (3-inch) clearance the of the The The and to when high These affected high and software through the located the of the and Service and
and The includes and New countries and and New the follow these the If whether the off or Hibernation, turn the and then through the operating connected to the the from the first the from the AC outlet and then the AC from the the Battery the following SIM SIM cover cover Top Top cover assembly assembly board board the Turn the board with the RJ-11 and RJ-45 the PM2.54.0 screws that the to the board. the straight to from the board. the from the the this to the and Service
ROM-based that when the operating or of the items this or connected to USB with USB To Computer follow these Turn or the and then while the Press the ESC the of the Press to BIOS and Service
and selecting The information and from the Security, and To and follow these Turn or the and then while the Press the ESC displayed the of the To or the arrow and then or to the To and the arrow or the arrow the of the To and to the and then follow the on-screen instructions. You (TouchPad, or USB or the to and selections Press to BIOS Select the Security, or To choose of the following To without the the lower-left of the and then follow the instructions. or the arrow to and and then or To and the the lower-left of the and then follow the on-screen instructions. or the arrow to and and then when the and Service
Restoring factory Restoring the To to the that the factory, follow these Turn or the and then while the Press the ESC displayed the of the Press to BIOS or the arrow to Follow the on-screen instructions. To and the the lower-left of the and then follow the on-screen instructions. or the arrow to and and then when the and security when the factory The this section of of the items this chapter Select To this Information information the and the the information the cache and memory ROM, revision, and and or the and the the with the factory and security when the factory and the Then and the and the Then and the when the and Service
Security of the items this section Select To this BIOS account. of ProtectTools users. Allow HP SpareKey to or HP SpareKey. HP SpareKey or HP SpareKey, which of security and HP SpareKey HP SpareKey (If the only; or BIOS or when turning restarting) the TPM Security TPM (Trusted Platform Security The following options Nothing and and Factory Authentication the following: authentication TPM of TPM from operating to existing the or the the IDs tracking and ownership BIOS BIOS Prompt HP SpareKey HP SpareKey and Service If the the selected permanently.
Select To this F1 Information the following information: information the and the the information the cache and memory ROM, revision, and F2 the the F3 memory. F4 the of the options Select To this the seconds). Custom URL CD-ROM SD Card PXE NIC the seconds. the and Service (Continued)
Select To this USB USB allows the following: of USB when operating from bootable USB including or connected USB to the Select ECP bidirectional, or EPP while connected to AC outlet LAN only). turning off the LAN when Prevention. the which to security. SATA Advanced The following options AHCI (Advanced Interface) IDE (Integrated RAID only) of the options Built-In the wireless switch WWAN only; Bluetooth the Network Interface (LAN) the LAN include the following: to Network Follow the the WLAN LAN/WLAN switching the light the the integrated only; and Service secondary battery charge HP QuickLook only; TXT Trusted only; Core CPU only; Unified Interface (UEFI) (Continued)
Select To this options AMT options AMT Verbosity. AMT Prompt (CTRL-P). USB Provisioning Support. AMT Next TYPE-131 SMBIOS. Security or BIOS items. Security the security and Service the Card the the the the the USB the USB and the advanced the
writing to 0C to 35C 32F to 95F (writing to 5C to 35C 41F to 95F -20C to 60C -4F to 140F Relative to Nonoperating to to to Nonoperating to to Shock half-sine half-sine to to Applicable thermal The operates within this of and Service U.S. Specifications
Specifications 12.1-inch, WXGA of to ratio (typical) Brightness (typical) Pitch Format RGB Edge Character (typical) specifications Height Interface type SATA SATA MB/sec MB/sec Security ATA security ATA security (typical read, including 5C to 55C (41F to 131F) GB when to capacity. specifications slightly. and apply. technical and Service U.S. 120-GB* 80-GB*
DMA specifications DMA function DMA0 Not DMA1* Not DMA2* Not DMA3 Not DMA4 Direct memory DMA5* Not DMA6 Not assigned DMA7 Not assigned *PC Card DMA or IRQ function IRQ0 IRQ1 or Microsoft IRQ8 clock IRQ12 Synaptics PS/2 TouchPad IRQ13 IRQ16 ICH9 Family USB Chipset Family IRQ17 High Definition ICH9 Family USB 88E8072 Ethernet IRQ18 ICH9 Family USB ICH9 USB IRQ19 ICH9 USB2 Enhanced 293C IRQ20 ICH9 Family USB2 Enhanced 293A ICH9 Family USB IRQ21 ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI IRQ22 ICH9 Family USB IRQ5, IRQ7, IRQ9, IRQ10, or PC Cards assert IRQ3, IRQ4, IRQ5, IRQ7, IRQ9, IRQ10, IRQ11, or IRQ15. the or the assert IRQ3 or IRQ4. operating APIC used. and Service Specifications
Specifications I/O specifications I/O function 01F DMA 02C 03D 02E 02F Motherboard 03C- 03D 04E-04F Motherboard or Microsoft. Motherboard Microsoft Motherboard or Microsoft. Motherboard Microsoft Motherboard Motherboard clock Motherboard Direct memory Motherboard 093-09F Direct memory 0A0-0A1 0A4-0A5 0A8-0A9 0AC-0AD 0B0-0B1 0B2-0B3 Motherboard 0B4- 0B5 0B8-0B9 0BC- 0BD and Service (Continued)
I/O function 0C0- 0DF Direct memory 0F0- 0F0 0200-027F Motherboard 3B0-3BB Chipset Family 3C0-3DF Chipset Family 400-47F Motherboard 4D0-4D1 500-57F Motherboard Motherboard 1010-101F Motherboard 2000-20FF 88E8072 PCI-E Ethernet 2000-2FFF ICH9 Family PCI 3000-4FFF ICH9 Family PCI 5000-6FFF ICH9 Family PCI 7000-701F ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI 7020-703F ICH9 Family USB 7040-705F ICH9 Family USB 7060-707F ICH9 Family USB 7080-709F ICH9 Family USB 70A0-70BF ICH9 Family USB 70C0-70DF ICH9 Family USB 70E0-70E7 ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI 70E8-70EF ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI 70F0-70F7 Chipset Family 70F8-70FB ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI 70FC-70FF ICH9M-E/M SATA AHCI EF80-EF9F Motherboard FE00-FE0F Motherboard FE80-EF8F Motherboard FFFF Motherboard and Service Specifications
Specifications memory Memory function KB 00000000-0009FFFF memory KB 000A0000-000BFFFF memory KB 000C0000-000CFFFF BIOS KB 000E8000-000FFFFF BIOS and Service XFFFFFFF memory (based memory (X+1)0000000-FEDFFFFF PCI FED00000-FED003FF High FEE01000-FFFFFFFF PCI
This section and reference information the screws the screws this section the Screw PM2.05.0 screw Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the cover to the (screws C and Service Screw
Screw PM2.03.0 screw Quantity Thread Head Where used: screws that the to the board and Service
PM2.04.0 screw Quantity Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the WLAN to the screws that the WWAN to the board Where used: screws that the to the and Service Screw
Screw Torx T8M2.08.0 screw Quantity Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the to the Where used: screws that the top cover to the and Service
Torx T8M2.05.0 screw Quantity Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the to the Where used: screws that the top cover to the and Service Screw
Screw PM2.05.0 screw Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the top cover to the Where used: One screw that the to the and Service
Where used: One screw that the to the Where used: screws that the board to the and Service Screw
Screw PM2.04.0 screw Thread Head Black Where used: One screw that the Bluetooth to the Where used: One screw that the to the board screws that the to the and Service
Torx T8M2.56.0 screw Thread Head Black Where used: screws that the assembly to the and Service Screw
Screw PM2.57.0 screw Quantity Thread Head Where used: screws that the fan/heat assembly to the (screws C and Service
and recovery To information, the and to back and back only), or of the to the of The and the following and the only) only) Creating Recovering Restoring the to previous Recovering information recovery instructions, search these topics and Support. of instability, HP recommends that the recovery procedures and them information Recovery as as You should immediately software software and should to back to reasonably You back information to optional or the following when the and back regularly. templates that their associated that appear or of The to and Service and recovery
and recovery To the to Copy the To the active To the word-processing and then The to the the to of the following of (purchased separately): CD-R, CD-RW, DVD+R, DVD+R DL, DVD-R, DVD-R DL, or DVD}RW. The the type of and with (DL) information than CDs, them reduces the of recovery required. to each the of the To using and follow these that the connected to AC the process. The hour, and the of the Select and Follow the on-screen instructions to back only) or includes the Account to the security of You prompted or such as software, or to and information. Performing recovery of or instability, the the following to recover recovery You the and to recover information previously backed You to that might from correctly. recovery You the recovery to recover The includes the operating and software the factory. If to purchase operating DVD to the and the operating information, to the operating DVD (purchased separately) section this and Service
the recovery To recover information previously backed follow these Click and Follow the on-screen instructions to recover only) or includes the Account to the security of You prompted or such as software, or to and information. To recover information follow these CAUTION: completely and the created and software the permanently reformatting the recovery the operating as as the software, and from the recovery. If back If the of the and the HP Recovery To the If the and the HP Recovery recover operating and the operating DVD and the Recovery (both purchased separately). information, to the operating DVD (purchased separately) section this the and then the operating loads. Select Follow the instructions. information recovering information the search these topics and Support. CAUTION: completely and the created and software the permanently The recovery the operating and HP and that the factory. Software the factory To recover the using follow these If back If the of the HP Recovery To the If the HP Recovery recover operating and the operating DVD and the Recovery (both purchased information, to the operating DVD (purchased section this Turn or the and then while the Press the ESC displayed the of the Press while the Press <F11> recovery displayed the Follow the on-screen instructions. and Service and recovery
and recovery operating DVD (purchased separately) If to purchase operating DVD to the and the operating that or easily To operating DVD, to country or and follow the on-screen instructions. You the DVD technical information, to the Worldwide Telephone included with the CAUTION: operating DVD completely and the created and software the permanently reformatting the recovery the operating as as software, and To initiate recovery operating DVD, follow these This If back the and then the operating DVD the the operating loads. prompted, Follow the on-screen instructions. Click Next Select Follow the instructions. and Service
and recovery XP To information, the only) to back and or recovery of the to the following and and Creating recovery Recovering information instructions, search these topics and Support. of instability, HP recommends that the recovery procedures and them information Recovery as as You should immediately software software and should to back to reasonably You back or to optional or to the following when the and back templates their associated that appear or of The to To the and word-processing the to Copy the To the active To the word-processing The to the the and Service and recovery
and recovery To using the only), follow these that the connected to AC the process. The hour, and the of the Click Follow the on-screen instructions. Performing recovery of or instability, the the following to recover recovery only): You the to recover information backed and Recovery (included with You the to recover operating and the factory. Recovering information To recover information backed follow these If back Click The or Click and and then Next Follow the on-screen instructions. information initiating recovery search this topic and Support. Recovering the operating and CAUTION: The recovery and completely the created and software the permanently The recovery the operating software, and Software, and HP manually To recover operating and follow these If back the the the Turn the Follow the on-screen instructions to the operating the operating the and the Recovery Follow the on-screen instructions to the and and Service
TPB- TPB+ TPA- TPA+ and Service Connector assignments
Connector assignments (microphone) Audio-out (headphone) right Ground and Service
Not Ground VDC Ground DDC 2B DDC 2B clock and Service Connector assignments
Connector assignments RJ-11 Unused Unused Unused Unused and Service
RJ-45 Unused Unused Unused Unused and Service Connector assignments
Connector assignments VDC Ground and Service
The input of the to from from to AC or from to AC. The included with the the the country or where the purchased. other countries and the of the country or where the used. countries and The below to countries and The of the least and than accredited agency the country or where the used. The capacity of and rating of or AC, as the of each country or The the mechanical of EN 320/IEC C13 with the the back of the and Service
countries and Country/region Accredited agency Applicable EANSW Austria OVE CEBC CSA DEMKO FIMKO UTE VDE IMQ METI The KEMA Norway NEMKO The People's of CCC South EK SEMKO SEV BSMI The United BSI The United States UL The HO5VV-F, and bear the of the agency the country or where used. The SPT-3 or AWG, The grounding type with NEMA 5-15P A, V) or NEMA 6-15P A, V) The and bear T and with the The VCT or VCTF, The grounding type with C8303 A, V) The RVV, and bear the of the agency the country or where used. The VCTF, and bear the of the agency the country or where used. and Service
Battery reached the of its useful life, of the household Follow the and WARNING: The backlight mercury. when and the to this and causing to the mercury. CAUTION: The procedures this chapter to The recycling the (LCD) and the backlight. these them This HP mercury the backlight the assembly that might end-of-life. of mercury of or recycling information, authorities, or the Industries (EIA) This section instructions the assembly. The assembly to to the backlight and the (LCD) The this instructions. such as screw and locations, and and from to another. and Service Recycling
Recycling the following to the assembly: screw covers and screws that the to the assembly. and the and right and the top and of the the from the assembly. the and Service
Disconnect from the and the screws that the assembly to the the assembly from the Turn the assembly screws that the to the and Service Recycling
Recycling sharp-edged to the that the of the to the the from the the screws that the backlight to the the top of the backlight cover and outward. the backlight cover. Turn the right-side the backlight from the the and Service
Turn the the backlight from the WARNING: The backlight mercury. when and the to this and causing to the mercury. the backlight from the backlight and Service Recycling
Disconnect the from the LCD the screws that the LCD to the Release the LCD from the Release the that the LCD to the the LCD the LCD and backlight. and Service