INSTRUCTIONS-PARTS LIST INSTRUCTIONS HIGH PRESSURE AIR-ASSISTED AIRLESS AA C Includes of choice. U.S. United French Table of Troubleshooting Service and Selection Charts Technical Warranty This and information. READ AND KEEP FOR REFERENCE. GRACO INC. P.O. BOX MINNEAPOLIS, MN COPYRIGHT GRACO INC. Inc. to I.S. EN ISO and PCN
INJECTION HAZARD from the hose or and serious including the amputation. Splashing the or the serious injected the might serious the or of the hand or the or with hand, or back this the operation the the when Follow the Procedure whenever instructed to clean, or service the or or the the operating the the hoses, and couplings worn, or immediately Permanently coupled hoses repaired; the FIRE AND EXPLOSION HAZARD grounding, or and fire or and serious Ground the and the sprayed. the fresh to the of from or the sprayed. Extinguish the or lights the Electrically the the the free of including and or of light switch the while operating or the the If there while using the immediately and the WARNING
INSTRUCTIONS EQUIPMENT MISUSE HAZARD the to malfunction, or unexpectedly and serious This professional instruction and operating the the its If about or this and the or or immediately the of the lowest rated This Route the hoses from the areas, and hoses to C) or below C). the hoses to the hoses both to them from caused or the couplings. or that with the the Technical section of the the and ear hearing protection when operating this Comply with and fire, and other TOXIC FLUID HAZARD or toxic serious or death splashed the or the or inhaled. the of the the of to and ear the protective clothing, eyewear and WARNING
C C KEY C* Bleedtype E* H* Grounded Hose V* Connector operation of the purchased Typical The typical shown selecting and air-assisted It to The high air-assisted It of instruction information this the Booth TOXIC FLUID HAZARD o of toxic and/or only properly booth. the operating. and follow of the National, State and velocity WARNING
the (A) to clean, to the and the the appearance of finished (L) the supply to the to the (D) the supply to to the (C) the and the downstream of the to of to the bleed-type each supply to trapped this and the the of The to trapped this and the the closed. the to which serious NOTE: The (R1/419) thread that with NPSM and BSP (X) each supply downstream of the to of to the the hose (K) from the supply to the WARNING the (E) to the hose and the to (Q) the the the of (G) and (E) to the The the and (Q) to to the NOTE: of with than the to the (F) to of the supply to the (E) to the NOTE: The (W) (R1/419) thread that with NPSM and BSP (N) the (W) to the with from the the grounded hose (H) to the (W) or optional (N). WARNING INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of property or serious including injection, which caused or
Ground the WARNING FIRE AND EXPLOSION HAZARD grounding which fire or o reduce the of property or serious follow the instructions below The following grounding instructions include other or which grounded. Check grounding instructions and type of connected to earth ground. the connecting ground and the supply and earth ground as instructed instruction and Ground them to the and hoses connected to the grounded hoses with of combined hose to grounding continuity the of and hoses least once If the the the hose immediately the connecting to properly grounded hose and supply Ground to sprayed: to when flushing: them to which the such as or board, which the grounding To when flush- or of the to the of grounded then the
INJECTION HAZARD this to and follow the and and throughout the text of this instruction the wallet with the with the of this The treatment information should injection Additional charge from Procedure INJECTION HAZARD The manually to the from or high injected through the and serious o reduce the of from injection, splashing or follow the Procedure whenever instructed to the or service of the or or the the to the of the to the the the Unlock the of the to the of grounded and the to the WARNING the the the to the the connected to the with to the hose and the to ready to catch the the ready to If that the or hose or that following the the hose coupling and then the coupling completely clear the or hose obstruction. Unlocked or OFF SAFE or ON SAFE
the Air-Assisted The air-assisted and The the as from the further the and the of the the to The the of the that the air-assisted from that increasing the reduces the To increase the or used. The built-in and operation. the the the released, the the flow This the and the Select and The and the of the the and the the and Selection Charts and as selecting and tion. NOTE: the of urethanes, clearcoats, or light to the Selection Chart If applying of such as mastics or to the Selection Chart below or light optional The of those or such varnishes, optional and INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of injection follow the or the The and the of the the (the rotates with as the WARNING
the INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of and serious including injection, the of or the of the lowest rated the NOTE: Optional applications. the with the the to the concerned about the Increase the to the where further increase cantly the turning the counterclockwise the This the its the about the then the the completely and pulled the to the the clockwise. If the enough, increase the to the slightly or NOTE: when the to the increased to the become round. This the Further increases force the to from to or from to Apply the applying the the to inches to from the of the sprayed. the right from the with the as of WARNING Too Right Amount of WRONG RIGHT
Clean the and WARNING INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of injection or splashing the or the Follow the Procedure cleaning, or and whenever instructed to of the or CAUTION o the the as this and allow the to the or NOTE: Clean the front of the the to reduce the as instructed Clean the of the and the with cloth with o the and them with and o the or other with If using and thoroughly Clean the and the Diffuser-seat INJECTION HAZARD The diffuser-seat when the without the such as This reduces the of the fuser-seat operation the as instructed the and the and its lowest of the grounded and the If the from the fused the fuser-seat immediately firm the and grounded WARNING
the INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of injection follow the cleaning, or and whenever instructed to o reduce the of serious including splashing the or the or when flushing: the including flushing properly grounded. the and the and grounded the lowest WARNING WARNING NOTE: the and the If the flushing the or should instead of this the as instructed the hose and the supply the and Clean the supply to the the and its lowest of the grounded and the the from the the as instructed the supply
WARNING INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of injection follow the or servicing of the and when instructed to Troubleshooting from back of from front of seating properly Clean/service or from front of from front of or Troubleshooting or supply build-up or to of Troubleshooting orn or orn fuser-seat housing the fuser-seat and The whenever the fuser-seat around fuser-seat housing the The when the supply On of horn partially or partially or NOTE: the troubleshooting charts the caused the and or the fuser-seat The when the fuser-seat or Check, hose tions, from Clean Clean with and Clean with and
Notes
WARNING INJECTION HAZARD o reduce the of injection follow the or servicing of the and when instructed to NOTE: Follow the Service Notes when reassem the to the shown The reference with the service included with the Service the as instructed the and the and Unscrew the while holding the of the with CAUTION o to scratch the the and If there the the and the the or the If internally or the front of the when and inspect the and the wear or as the life, the A) with light each Service Follow the below to the cleaning or and to inspect the when there from the back of the the as instructed the and the to back the of the seat. the fuser-seat and the the the from the while holding the of the the and from the front of the o the the the front of the and screw the the from the front of the Clean the with and Inspect the wear or and necessary the the as shown of the the Screw the the the the the while screwing the fuser-seat back the the fuser-seat to to to the and
SERVICE NOTES: fuser-seat fuser-seat or to or to threads Apply to threads Apply high to threads FLUID Service DET AIL DET AIL with light-weight to to to AIR
Direct Hose shipped SERVICE NOTES information): threads to fuser-seat fuser-seat or to or to to
Qty. CONNECT OR, assembled) ADAPTER, TRIGGER, NEEDLE, Optional VAL VE, Includes items SPRING, CAP CAP SCREW head, PIN, BODY NUT SPRING, Optional RET AINER, O-RING, PTFE AIR CAP 182XXX SPRA TIP; Customer choice. Chart DIFFUSER-SEAT SEPARAT OR, and Ref. Qty. GASKET ACKING KIT UHMW Optional UHMW NUT NUT U-CUP, PTFE VAL VE, OOL, O-RING, Included with item RET AINER, Included with item ARNING CARD shown) GUARD, CONNECT OR, These included which purchased NOTE: It includes the as includes fine-finish -seat, instead of the -seat, and and
and Selection Charts *Light to inches (liters/min) STANDARD SPRA TIPS *Light to Viscosity inches (Q) other (P) this (QT) Where QT from the the selected NOTE: Other Allow to
and Selection Charts SOLID STREAM SPRAY TIPS of such as with mastics or sealers. these inches Used ith Application inches than and than than High with than High than High than with The (turned clockwise) when this of urethanes, clearcoats, and light-weight these of fuser-seat with Diffuser-seat inches AIR CAPS FINE FINISH SPRAY TIPS Light iscosity inches
than when mastics and heavy item the below and light item the Ruby ipped with catalyzed finishes. item the higher or item the High to (item the when urethane Grounding and Accessories and cleaning the High Seals Can as the Bleed-type trapped the the and this when closed. outlet
(R1/419) Compound Thread C) High PTFE, of the Company. Technical
Notes
Notes
The Warranty and WARRANTY warrants and its to free from and workmanship the of authorized to the purchaser purchaser breach of this warranty of months from the of or of the This warranty when the operated and with written This warranty cover and malfunction, or wear caused installation, or or of malfunction, or wear caused the with of or or the installation, or of or This warranty the of the claimed to to authorized of the If the or free of charge The to the purchaser If inspection of the or workmanship, repairs reasonable charge, which charges include the of and DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS The of this warranty purchaser and and of other or implied), including warranty of merchantability or warranty of and of including based or Every of or or and the amount of the purchase action breach of warranty brought within years of the of EQUIPMENT NOT COVERED BY GRACO WARRANTY warranty and of merchantability and with to or These items (such as switches, to the warranty of their purchaser with reasonable breach of these warranties. TO PLACE AN ORDER tor or this to the to Offices: Chicago, Offices: GRACO INC. P.O. BOX MINNEAPOLIS, MN PRINTED IN U.S.A. October Summary and to Service section