DV 20VB2 instructions this through these HANDLING INSTRUCTIONS to operation. It recommended that these INSTRUCTIONS readily as reference when this
GENERAL SAFETY RULES WARNING! instructions to follow instructions below shock, fire and/or serious The of the below to operated (corded) or operated (cordless) SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Work and and atmospheres, such as the of or which the of and while operating Distractions to match the the with earthed (grounded) and outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. the of with rated of or what and when operating while or the influence of or of while operating serious wear protection. such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the overreach. footing and This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of these reduce related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions and the the type of account the and the to of the operations from Service serviced This that the of the
PRECAUTION children and infirm should of reach of children and infirm PRECAUTIONS ON USING IMPACT DRILL Wear ear protectors with to hearing with the of walls, or that there and the with both SPECIFICATIONS areas)* V, V, V, V) input W* Capacity (without cord) to the as to areas. STANDARD ACCESSORIES Wrench to without OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES separately) Optional to without APPLICATIONS combined actions of ROTATION and IMPACT: Boring ROTATIONAL action: Boring and plastic. PRIOR TO OPERATION that the to conforms to the specified the the with clockwise rotation, when it as switch that the switch the OFF If the connected to while the switch the ON the operating immediately, inviting serious the from the of thickness and rated capacity. The should as as Selecting the boring or the specified the Optional Accessories. boring or ordinary boring ordinary when or Mounting and dismounting of the the and the the the wrench each of the three the and the clockwise from the front Tighten securely. To the the wrench of the the and the counterclockwise
wrench Tighten The country of whether or Mounting the Turn the the AUF and the the the as the the ZU the and the turning the clockwise as from the front. Dismounting the Turn the the AUF to release the force. the and the turning the counterclockwise. Tighten NOTE the become further, the to firmly, then the to hand. Mounting the Turn the counterclockwise and the the the as the and the turning the clockwise as from the front. Dismounting the the and the turning the counterclockwise. NOTE the become further, the to firmly, then the to hand. the The rotates clockwise from the the of the The of the to the counterclockwise. (The and the CAUTION the with clockwise rotation, when as Fixing the the to the mounting the clockwise to the to that to the operation and then securely the To the the the the the of the with the of the and the Tighten Switch Tighten
Tighten IMPACT to ROTATION the the right and to switch easily IMPACT and and ROTATION only), respectively. To bore such as and the to the right- hand (as indicated the The operates the actions of and rotation. To bore and plastic, the to the (as indicated the The operates action only, as the of CAUTION the the IMPACT function the only. action reduce efficiency, the the with the switching, that the to the Rotation High-speed/Low-speed to that the switch the OFF and the to To the as indicated the arrow The the the high If to the the slightly and then the HOW TO USE Switch operation the depressed, the rotates. the released, the The of the the amount that the switch pulled. when the switch pulled slightly and increases as the switch pulled The with the Turn the clockwise higher and counterclockwise the and the the switched-on which switching off, the disconnected the the slowly, and increasing as apply straight with the enough to enough to the or the To or through the reduce and ease the through the of the If the release the immediately, the from the and the and off to This the The the the the reactive force arm. to of the of this reactive force. To firm establish foothold, the tightly with both and that the to the Gear Switch High
MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION Inspecting the Since of malfunctioning and efficiency, the with or resharpening without when noted. Inspecting the mounting screws inspect mounting screws and that they properly Should of the screws them immediately. to serious of the The the heart of the to the become and/or with or Inspecting the and shock protection, inspection and this should ONLY Authorized Service supply If the supply of the to Authorized Service the to replaced. Service CAUTION: and inspection of Authorized Service This helpful with the to the Authorized Service when or other the operation and of tools, the and each country MODIFICATION: constantly and to incorporate the Accordingly, without NOTE to of research and the specifications to without
GBR (110V) GBR (110V) 608VVC2PS2L 220V-240V 110V-240V D4 D4 110V 230V 240V 100L D8.8 55L Used 340-587C 340-587E 608-VVM 340-587F Item 6202DDCMPS2L 608DDC2PS2L 13VLRB-D 13VLRE-N M6 13VLN D5 D5 D4 D6.35 110V 230V 240V S-22 D3.5 D5 Used 608-DDM 360-652C 360-652E 360-652F 620-2DD Item
Intercity Tower A, 2-chome, C99145012 Printed Ireland