INSTRUCTIONS NC-5510 cleansing ALKALINE BATTERY(LR03/AAA) EXCLUSIVE USE XYZ (KW) EDCBA
English
who the influence of or medication, or who with with whose expanded to of with with The following should of this who with with with hemophilia of or with infectious hormones or function with with with heart who with and of this and to the they relation to to and to and others they Precautions classified as follows. English such as the mouth where there itching, of warmth, or to physical and where or which from of or this the following where caused where orthopedic treatment irritated to or of or Wound Prohibited Indicates which death or serious to Indicates which death or serious to Indicates which to or to property (house, household effects, of indication> or of this or anything with this and of who this the first should while the of their of or physical reduced physical, or or of and This (including with concerning of the their knowledge, they or instruction who the following should this (This the to malfunction.) Wearable such as Self-contained such as areas" prohibited" The "Compulsory" to this). The "Prohibited" this). action" this together with other beauty treatment the the head or of or of this technician repairs. of fire, shock, injury, or this there or wound to of or Prohibited prohibited this other which this instruction of or Children should to that they with the this only and of or Prohibited Prohibited
this switch sound heard, and the switch this switch pressed, operating sound heard, the switch "ON," and the of the the memory flashes. of three switch "OFF." this or of or Prohibited The and motion sound ON/OFF immediately or the or replaced, the memory function back to This with memory function the The selection turning off the switch the memory. and motion sound ON/OFF the memory. the from the the of electricity, that to Negatively the cleansing of Negative About the memory function What cleansing? Battery cover such as earrings and and of or If there or or to instances. this this that of or the batteries, of the type this month or the to the following or to heat Properly the to the or bursting of the batteries. inspection to OFF the switch. both. On this the switch turned "ON", hear motion sound operation, the the The motion sound and off holding the The operating sound turned off. continuously as of functioning. seconds). should About turning off the motion sound the with or splash of or or this splashed with or such as bathroom. of or the of motion. of or physical of and their prohibited The about months [when this about once the of and the operating such that the With other batteries, performance as the or of to and the of operating LR03 (EX-S)]. only (LR03/AAA). Preparation the to this seconds) switches the ON-OFF of motion sound. (The "ON.") operation, the operating sound heard and the Every this pressed, sound) (The This flashes/lights to the the the head. Cover (The head section puff. Head protection Protective There of the right or touched. Earth plate Rear
this when or of or of or physical this around and ears. to the when the the flashes/lights the switch pressed. The flashes/lights the switch ON or the when the the with ones. the Press the switch the operation the of the approximately seconds). The lights and the flashes. operating sound heard, hear motion sound continuously. The motion sound the the first the flashes. of or effects sufficiently. toner or toner with exfoliating or Apply toner the puff. Apply through the to the the head through) Properly (LR03/AAA) to the the the of the arrow while the as shown. the cover the of the the cover the of the arrow clicks. the cover. the type of If improperly CAUTION recommended people who this the first and who or something The and motion sound ON/OFF immediately or turning OFF the switch the memory. the where The of the selected flashes, and the lower-level lights. four-stage selected from to follows.) Select the the the the touching the this than continuously; otherwise this within once to and clean. of or physical with or immediately using this and of or physical and the cover and the protective to the this without when the switch turned the motion. of or physical the of the plate of the touched the with touching the plate the right or hand. Lightly apply and as from the to the Lightly apply the and slowly. puff, or attachable. puff. the with that the head. the head and the cover. of of the or of the the cover than the cover and the puff. CAUTION If the the becomes or to replenish the
the with cloth with and the with or splash of to OFF the switch. (Improperly turning the switch or malfunction or the If replenish the the of than seconds. If replenishing the the and the CAUTION this splashed with or such as bathroom. of or the of the or the around (If the or the the cover and with and or thinner. of or to CAUTION the the toner attached to the such as the head and the cover with when the switch the sound heard, this (The switch off or the or the the of of the cover or of the the cover than the cover and the puff. CAUTION this exposed to sunlight of vehicle or heaters. of or 3V DC; (LR03/AAA) of the Specifications CAUTION the and of the once used, and (toner the and malfunction.) the toner attached to the of the with the of the and to the cover when off. of with as CAUTION when of the of the and This includes recyclable the or replaced, the memory function back to the The flashes/lights the switch turned "ON" or the when the the with ones. the About the the the the cover, clicks.