Reference HP Minitower PC
Copyright Company, L.P. The information to without Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other countries. The HP products and services forth the warranty accompanying such products and services. Nothing should as warranty. HP technical or or This information that protected copyright. of this photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another without the written of Company. Reference HP Convertible Minitower PC First Edition (November
About This This information this WARNING! Text off this that to follow or of life. CAUTION: Text off this that to follow to or of information. NOTE: Text off this information. ENWW
About This ENWW
of Product Card Rear the Location Serviceability and Unlocking the Cover the Cover to the the Access the Access the Removing the Additional Memory DDR3-SDRAM DIMM or Card from Additional 5.25-inch 3.5-inch SATA and 3.5-inch SATA from Minitower to ENWW
from to Minitower Specifications Battery C Security Devices Security MicroSaver Security HP PC Security Security Preventing Grounding Routine and Preparation and Routine Precautions Cleaning Preparation ENWW
Product The HP Minitower the of the and software the the (included only). NOTE: The HP Minitower easily to information, from Minitower to this Minitower ENWW
covering or 5.25-inch Microphone/Headphone Connector 5.25-inch Card (optional) On Light Dual-State Headphone Connector Activity Light USB (Universal CAUTION: The 5.25-inch shorter than the The half-height or other that than inches) try to force such as the This to the and the board. The of force when the to the NOTE: the Microphone/Headphone Connector, to the microphone or headphone. You the double-clicking the HD the NOTE: The On Light normally when the If flashing red, there with the and Product ENWW
Card The optional only. to the following and to the Card Card Card MicroSD MicroSD (T-Flash) MicroSDHC Card Activity Light (SD) USB USB CompactFlash I/II CompactFlash Card MS PRO/MS PRO DUO Memory (MS) only) ENWW Card High Capacity (SDHC) (MMC) Reduced (RS MMC) CompactFlash Card Memory Select Memory (MG) Memory (MS Memory Memory PRO (MS PRO) (MMC Reduced (MMC MMC required) MicroDrive Memory PRO (MS PRO Memory PRO- HG Memory (M2)
Rear Rear Table Rear Cord Connector Connector PS/2 Connector Connector DisplayPort Connector PS/2 Connector Universal (USB) RJ-45 Network Connector NOTE: and of optional and optional from HP. the Connector, to the or microphone. You the double-clicking the HD the The the board inactive when graphics the If graphics the PCI, PCI or the that downshifted to the the graphics and the board the to to both Chapter Product ENWW VGA Connector Connector
Function functions the software used. Editing Includes the following: Home, and Down. Lights Indicate the of the and and Work Arrow Used to through or These allow to right, and the instead of the Ctrl Used with another their the software Application Used the right button) to Microsoft Office other other software Used to the Microsoft Used with other to other Used with another their the software geographic the the with other to functions the operating to to the Functions The following functions Microsoft XP, Microsoft and Micorosft ENWW
Table Functions or the the Ctrl F1 the connected to or allows to switch connected to the the XP through the to the the following functions Microsoft and Ctrl the arrow to through the 3-D to the front and through through the Ease of the shortcut that the that to the the first shortcut the to the the following Microsoft Ctrl Switches to the that displayed the Choose arrow the arrow the to the of the right arrow the to the right of the arrow the arrow the to the top and of the arrow or right arrow Chapter Product ENWW and through the the 3-D from to another
Table Functions Location Each and ID that located the top cover of the these when service and Product ID Location ENWW Location
Serviceability The includes features that easy to and service. of the this chapter. and to of the instructions, and this WARNING! To reduce the of from shock, or fire: Disconnect the from the and allow the internal to cool touching. telecommunications or telephone the interface (NIC) the grounding The grounding the grounded (earthed) that easily To reduce the of serious the Comfort It workstation, and health and users, and and mechanical information. This located the WARNING! and to the the and the the CAUTION: Static electricity the of the or optional these that of electricity touching grounded D, information. the AC to the board. You the from the the to to internal Chapter ENWW
Unlocking the NOTE: The Cover optional included only. The software-controllable cover lock, the This unauthorized to the internal The with the the information about locking the Cover to the Cover If the and to the lock, to the cover. You the to the internal of the following PC or supply) NOTE: The from HP. prepared; this To authorized HP or service PN the or PN the screwdriver to the HP information. the the warranty or the Telephone the to the To the with the security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the and ENWW Unlocking the CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the
the to the screws that the to the chassis. Removing the Cover Screws You the the To the Cover the with the screws. Chapter ENWW
the Access security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the outlet and the its stability. the then the off the ENWW Removing the Access CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the the Access
the Access the its stability. the the front of the the the front of the chassis then the back of the the that the Access Chapter ENWW
the security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off Disconnect the from the outlet and the the three the of the then the off the chassis ENWW Removing the CAUTION: of the the as as the active AC You the to to the of the Removing the
security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then turn off the from the outlet and CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the the the front the with the from the front then the CAUTION: the straight when from the front the the that it within the front Removing from the Shown) NOTE: the that the and their The the should located the of the when properly oriented. Chapter ENWW
the the three the of the the the chassis then the top of the the chassis and the ENWW the
Additional Memory The with memory (DDR3- SDRAM) memory The memory the board with to four industry-standard These memory with least DIMM. To the memory the board with to 16-GB of memory high- DDR3-SDRAM operation, the DDR3-SDRAM industry-standard PC3-8500 DDR3-1066 or PC3-10600 DDR3-1333 DDR3-SDRAM The DDR3-SDRAM also: CAS latency DDR3 and CAS latency DDR3 the JEDEC SPD information the and memory and constructed with and DDR constructed with SDRAM NOTE: The properly ENWW
DIMM There four DIMM the board, with The XMM1, XMM2, XMM3, and XMM4. XMM1 and XMM2 memory A. XMM3 and XMM4 memory B. DIMM Locations Table DIMM Locations Item XMM1 first) Black XMM2 third) White XMM3 second) White XMM4 fourth) White NOTE: DIMM the XMM1 the POST indicating that memory the The or the The the DIMM only. The higher-performing the memory of the to the memory of the B. The and the with 1-GB and with 2-GB DIMM, the The the memory capacity of the to the memory of the B. the with the least amount of memory the amount of memory assigned to and the assigned to the should that the amount of memory the If ENWW Additional Memory
memory than the other, the amount should assigned to A. the with 2-GB DIMM, and three 1-GB should with the 2-GB DIMM and 1-GB DIMM, and should with the other 1-GB With this 4-GB as and 1-GB as the the DIMM the CAUTION: You the and approximately seconds the to or memory of the to the memory as as the active AC or memory while to the memory or board. If LED light the board, The memory gold-plated the memory, it to memory with gold-plated to and/or oxidation from incompatible with each other. Static electricity the of the or optional cards. these that of electricity touching grounded information, to D, memory to of the Doing the security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off Disconnect the from the and CAUTION: You the and seconds the to or memory of the to the memory as as the active AC or memory while to the memory or board. If LED light the board, the WARNING! To reduce of from allow the to cool touching. Chapter ENWW
both of the memory and the memory the the the that the and properly seated. the the closed and to the the and the security that when the The should the memory the the ENWW Additional Memory DIMM NOTE: memory Match the notch the with the the memory DIMM the XMM1 the DIMM the following XMM1, XMM3, XMM2, then XMM4. performance, the that the memory as as and B. to DIMM information.
Removing or Card The three full-height PCI PCI PCI and PCI that downshifted to Locations Locations Item PCI PCI PCI PCI that downshifted to PCI PCI NOTE: You PCI or the PCI graphics the first (primary) the PCI that NOT downshifted to To or security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the outlet and Chapter ENWW
the the the board and the the back of the chassis. Press straight the the chassis and the the cover or the existing ENWW or Card CAUTION: of the the as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the the If the cover the back of the chassis. the cover from the Removing
If PCI or PCI the each and back and forth the free from the the straight to to the other If PCI the the back of the from the and the back and forth the free from the the straight to to the other Chapter ENWW NOTE: that attached to the Removing PCI Card PCI Card
the If cover to the To the the of the the the back of the chassis and the the the board. the latch, that to the internal to the board, the the and the security that when the the necessary. ENWW Removing or Card CAUTION: with or cover cooling of internal operation. Card NOTE: the that the whole properly the
and Minitower Table Three 5.25-inch optional and shown) Three 3.5-inch internal NOTE: The than the shown The 5.25-inch shorter than the The half-height or other that than inches) to force such as the This to the and the board. The of force when the to the To the type and of the the ENWW
Removing from CAUTION: should of the from the security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the and the the as indicated the following ENWW from CAUTION: of the the as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the CAUTION: the the or instead of the to the If the and from the back of the Disconnecting the
If the USB from the board. If the the from the PCI ENWW Disconnecting the Card USB Disconnecting the Card
the from the as follows: ENWW from To 5.25-inch the the and the from the CAUTION: the yellow pressed, the 5.25-inch released the and allow the to Removing 5.25-inch the shown) To 5.25-inch the the that and the from the 5.25-inch the Minitower shown)
To from and internal 3.5-inch the that and the from the the Chapter ENWW Removing
Additional follow these The ATA (SATA) connected to the SATA the SATA0. the first SATA to the white SATA the board SATA1. of SATA0, SATA1, SATA2, then SATA3. optional to the ESATA the board. USB to the USB the board MEDIA. If the the to the PCI The ATA (PATA) or PATA You third-height or half-height half-height You screws to the correctly the and HP screws the chassis. The isolation mounting screws, of which the the other M3 screws, of which the the The HP-supplied screws The HP-supplied isolation mounting screws and If the the four and isolation mounting screws from the and them the Screw Locations Screw Black M3 Screws 5.25-inch and Mounting Screws 3.5-inch ENWW Additional
CAUTION: To of and to the or If or the operating properly, off the and the cord. while the or that of electricity. While touching the information about to D, force when to or products that such as or If the bubble-pack or other protective and the With to the following and to the board Connector SATA0 SATA0 SATA1 SATA1 white SATA2 SATA2 light SATA3 SATA3 ESATA Card MEDIA Chapter ENWW
5.25-inch security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then turn off the from the outlet and the the front If covered the information. four M3 screws the each of the HP four M3 screws the 5.25-inch the The M3 screws to Additional of the M3 screws location. the the the the front of the The the the ENWW Additional CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the NOTE: If the screws from the to the CAUTION: screws as screws. screws the internal of the 5.25-Inch Minitower (top) and
CAUTION: The 5.25-inch than the The half-height or other that than inches) depth. to force such as the This to the and the board. The of force when the to the the and to the rear of the Connecting the shown) If the of the to the board NOTE: If SATA the first to the white SATA the SATA1. to the SATA following the of the If the USB to the USB board MEDIA. If the includes the to the PCI to of the board the front and the and the security that when the the necessary. 3.5-inch SATA NOTE: The ATA (PATA) the to back the from the that the to the To 3.5-inch internal security that the such as or USB from the Chapter ENWW
Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the outlet and the four isolation mounting screws, each of the the the it The the the ENWW Additional CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the the Screws NOTE: The isolation mounting screws. screws the the The HP-supplied isolation mounting screws and to Additional of the isolation mounting screws location. If the screws from the to the the CAUTION: the screws with the the The of force when the to the
the and to the of the Connecting the and to SATA the of the to the board NOTE: If only SATA the to the SATA0 to performance If the to the SATA the board the following SATA0, SATA1, SATA2, SATA3. the the and the security that when the the necessary. and 3.5-inch SATA with SATA the 5.25-inch The housed that and easily from the To and the NOTE: the to back the from the that the to the Unlock the with the and the of the Chapter ENWW
the screw from the of the and the top cover off the the that the thermal to the top of the and the thermal from the ENWW Additional the the Thermal
the four screws from the of the the Security Screws the back to from the then and of the Removing the Chapter ENWW
the the then the that the SATA the board. the the the the the board. the four screws the of the to the securely ENWW Additional the the Security Screws
the thermal top of the that cover the and the thermal to the top of the with the the Thermal the cover the and the screw the of the to the cover the the the the and with the provided. NOTE: The to to the Chapter ENWW
from Minitower to security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off Disconnect the from the and the the front and from the back of the the 5.25-inch To release the from the 5.25-inch the release the the While the release the from its this each 5.25-inch ENWW from Minitower to CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the Releasing the 5.25-inch from the (Minitower)
Gently the the the properly the this each the CAUTION: The 5.25-inch than the The half-height or other that than inches) to force such as the This to the and the board. The of force when the to the and to the the 5.25-inch the as CAUTION: the straight when from the front the the that within the front Reposition the within the the the Chapter ENWW
Reposition the with the the then back the the front and the and the security that when the from to Minitower security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the and the the front and from the back of the the 5.25-inch ENWW from to Minitower from Minitower to CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the
To release the from the 5.25-inch the yellow as shown While the the of the Releasing the 5.25-inch from the Gently the the the properly the this each the Minitower CAUTION: The 5.25-inch shorter than the The half-height or other that than inches) try to force such as the This to the and the board. The of force when the to the and to the the 5.25-inch the as the Removing section. Chapter ENWW
Reposition the within the the the Reposition the with the the then back the the front and the and the security that when the ENWW from to Minitower CAUTION: the straight when from the front the the that within the front from to Minitower
Specifications Table A-1 Specifications Height Tower Height Supported distributed NOTE: C to sunlight. of The the type and of options Relative (noncondensing) (38.7C Heat STD PS Typical STD PS EPA PS Typical EPA PS Specifications ENWW to 95F to 140F to 35C to 60C kg-cal/hr kg-cal/hr kg-cal/hr
A-1 Specifications (continued) (STD PS) (EPA PS) Rated (STD PS) Rated (EPA PS) Rated 320W 320W Rated STD PS EPA PS This active factor corrected supply. This allows the to the CE the countries of the Union. The active factor corrected supply the of input switch. ENWW 115V VAC VAC VAC VAC 5.5A VAC 5.5A VAC 230V VAC VAC VAC VAC 2.75A VAC 2.75A VAC
Battery The that with the to the clock. the battery, to the originally the The with lithium battery. WARNING! The internal lithium battery. There of fire and burns the properly. To reduce the of to recharge the battery. to higher than 60C crush, or of fire or the only with the HP this CAUTION: the battery, to back the CMOS the or replaced, the CMOS cleared.. Static electricity the of the or optional these that of electricity touching grounded NOTE: The of the lithium the AC The lithium when the NOT connected to AC HP customers to recycle HP and rechargeable information about recycling to security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then turn off Disconnect the from the and CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the of the the the and the board. NOTE: On to internal to to the battery. Battery ENWW
the type of the board, the following instructions to the battery. ENWW the of its B-1 Removing Coin Battery the The the the To release the from its the that of the battery. the To the battery, of the the with the the other the the other of the B-2 Removing and Coin Battery back the that holding the and the
the and the back NOTE: the replaced, the following to this the the and to the the and and security that when the Battery ENWW B-3 Removing Coin Battery
C Security Devices NOTE: information security features, to the and the HP ProtectTools Security Security The security below and the following to the MicroSaver Security C-1 ENWW Security
C-2 HP PC Security the security around stationary C-3 the to C Security Devices ENWW
Thread the and through the Screw the to the chassis the screw ENWW Security C-4 Threading the and C-5 the to the Chassis
the of the security the and the to the lock. the to the C-6 the Security The front screw HP. To the security screw: security that the such as or USB from the Turn off the properly through the operating then off the from the and CAUTION: of the the board as as the active AC You the to to the internal of the the and front C Security ENWW
the security screw from the of the front the front the screw through the of the front of the chassis the front The screw located the of the chassis to the top the the and the security that when the ENWW Security C-7 the Security Screw C-8 the Security Screw
of electricity from or other boards or other static-sensitive This type of reduce the of the Preventing To the following hand and products electrostatic-sensitive their they arrive static-free workstations. grounded them from their touching leads, or properly grounded when touching or assembly. Grounding There grounding. or of the following when or electrostatic-sensitive wrist connected ground to grounded workstation or chassis. with of the ground cords. To ground, wear the the or workstations. Wear the both when or field service field service with If of the grounding, HP authorized or service NOTE: information electricity, HP authorized or service ENWW
Routine and Preparation and Routine Follow these to properly and the and the from sunlight, and of heat and cold. the (4-inch) clearance of the and the to the the the or the with the directly the front of the as this restricts the with the or of the covers top of each other or each other that they to each others or preheated If the to operated within and the and the operating apply. from the and cover the the with type of or functions of the operating or other software, including Turn off the of the following: ENWW and Routine the of the with cloth as cleaning products or the finish. Occasionally the of the and other the and the
Precautions to the following while operating or cleaning the the operation. This to malfunction reading. the to as the If the while the least hour turn off the If the immediately, malfunction while reading. the location that to high humidity, mechanical or sunlight. Cleaning Clean the and with cloth or cloth lightly with cleaning directly the using type of such as or which the finish. If or the immediately the and authorized HP service Preparation Follow these when to the the PD CDs, or USB that the to or while or NOTE: The when the off. and Turn off the and the from the then from the Disconnect the and from their then from the NOTE: that boards seated properly and the board the the and their boxes or with to them. Routine and Preparation ENWW