of Table of Table of Table of Chapter Introduction The Switched-Fabric Architecture the World Lightning Product of the Lightning Architecture................................................................2 to the Shared Architecture of the 7700E..................................4 The Lightning advanced to products......................4 Other Information Sources from Chapter The Lightning The Network of the Lightning Chapter of the Lightning CHIPs and ESCON Connectivity and About the Interface Boards................................................................................................12 of Supported Interfaces..................................................................................................14 of Interfaces Supported......................................................................................................14 of Hosts Supported Direct the Lightning Chapter Architecture Switched Network The Architecture The Hierarchical Network The Switch Non-blocking Switched Access to The Path the CSW and CHIPs or 6.4GB/sec The Path the CSW and the (CAs) 3.2GB/sec of Switched Architecture Compared to Shared Architecture The GB of
Advanced of the Lightning FlashAccess Allows to Permanently Read-ahead High-performance Reads The Memory Hierarchical Network Chapter High Performance High-Performance New of and The of Command (CTQ) Chapter and RAID Architecture Capacity of the Lightning of the Lightning RAID RAID-1+ RAID-5 Distributed Parity RAID High-density Chapter High-Availability Software Application Service of High (HA) Computing Software..................................................................25 Software products to Computing The Lightning Advanced Profile to Competitive Products Pathing switches the I/O the of and Clustering and Unmatched Competitive RAID Choices Performance Considerations Scalable Performance The of the Lightning Architecture Shared Architecture........31 Switching the of Shared Architectures
Chapter The Lightning Software the the World Increased IT service and performance through Continuity (BCP) software and services......................................................................................................................34 Remote Duplication, Migration Remote Copy Copy Migration..................................................................................................................................35 Copy Software Chapter and Software Simplifies IT Operations and philosophy HiCommand allows of and software through the of choice The of HiCommand of the Software business Service SNMP with platforms..................................40 Graph-Track the guess-work of performance LUN and reduces allows to FlashAccess allows to and cache on-the-fly Processing Facility/Multi-Path Facility (TPF/MPLF) Chapter Professional Services and consistently One the Industry Professional Services of (CORA)............................................................................................45 Protection Services Protection Services Remote Copy and Service
Service......................................................................................46 Continuous Service Migration Service SAN Services Laboratory Service and services....................................................................48 Software and Service the Performance of Terms
of The and while the and The Lightning internal switched-fabric architecture.................3 of the shared architecture. and its with its supply of Lightning and ESCON or FICON boards to and computers. and its ESCON board and its connected to and hosts.....................................14 The Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) switched to cache from The CSW and CARBs to cache...........................16 shared-bus architecture to I/O operations. The Lightning architecture allows to cache through four interconnecting switches.......................................................................17 memory the of information and cache memory about the location, and of Functional of Lightning ACP Functional of with FC-AL of four ACP and FC-AL The with RAID-1+ and RAID-5 The Lightning offers of protection than products. and the of the HiStar architecture when to architecture. offers broad of and software HiCommand allows of and software from the customers platform of choice. The GUI interface Graph-Track performance
Table of the Lightning Table of interfaces of the Lightning Table and of Table Summary of software products and the business they products Remote and Migration.
Introduction The Switched-Fabric Architecture the World The Lightning internal switched-fabric architecture the advanced the and The architecture the highest performance the industry switched-fabric architecture, introduced and the The Lightning leapfrogs products of internal architecture, performance, and software high and provided. options include and S/390 computers, which functionality. The offers performance through switched architecture, RAID, operating and operations efficiency, and recovery using leading and software The Lightning with UNIX NT and IBM S/390 and to software. offers optional that to they Lightning Product The Lightning offered the and the The recommended of TB of capacity. With the architecture as the Lightning the the and advanced function With to TB of the recommended who advanced function of the of the the offerings the Lightning The advanced
Table of the Lightning The and while the and The the world. Product Characteristics of Capacity GB GB of to to of FICON to to of to to of to to of ACP of FC-AL Paths to to to TB of Capacity TB+ TB+ RAID-5 Capacity GB GB RAID-5 Capacity TB TB Selecting the or the and expected of The Lightning therefore offers that cover broad of as illustrated of the Lightning Architecture The the the industry The architecture the specifically the I/O of high internal high-speed internal pathways, increased and increased of cache and and high-performance RAID-1 RAID-1+) the from other the architecture of the
At the heart of the capacity throughput the architecture. This of interconnecting high-speed to internal of 6.4GB/sec (gigabytes/sec) the This 3.2GB/sec and 3.2GB/sec internal information The that the Lightning the Interface These the of the their (and to the Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) and the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). This that the 6.4GB/sec with with four ACP and four CHIP This high-performance and cost-effective With Lightning or easily completed CHIP connectivity or ACP or performance. The internal increases every The stated the rated the paths; the effective rates based and The Lightning internal switched-fabric architecture. Introduction
with the Architecture. of the shared architecture. the of with to the Shared Architecture of the 7700E the shared architecture of previous products, such as the 7700E (as shown reference to architecture), to both and performance. This with the Lightning internally switched architecture which, shared architectures, to The to products The Lightning with high computing highlights of the that the Lightning products. Active instead of active Mirrored cache instead of cache. the leading of GDPS recovery. High-availability, products cache the Lightning If there cache, there With these products there increased of the the The Lightning this and write Although to the of the thought of comforting to with operations.
Other Information Sources from Additional information the including of the technically advanced and software from the publication, the Software This PDF from www.hds.com The industry leading software and It the to the software from EMC and IBM and specifics. Since than and software, information third titled the This information and the world-class services and from and these combined with and other and software state-of-the-art, simplified the If further information required, and knowledge the topics contained this of Introduction
The Lightning The Lightning to (as shown the cover of this connectivity and as the of each and to that connected high contained inches high, inches and inches The of the the Service Interface with ESCON and/or FICON Switch (CSWs), and of the shown and its
with its of the to and interfaces to the to of shown This allows and which reduced and of ownership. The Lightning subsystem consists of both and The both and and N+1 redundant. This they or and that supply operation, the without to operation. shown
from the back of the and where the to the AC options allow Lightning to with the around the Although the the to from to the Lightning fixed-configuration, The IT where and where functionality required. The the of Lightning The back four HDD housing to inch high, inch and inch footprint. This shown The Lightning supply of Lightning
The Lightning both predictive and The Network of the The Lightning with system-monitoring The connected to the Lightning and of such as and to trouble-free operation. This only predictive the to This information to the where locally the Service (SVP) or remotely the LAN UNIX or NT information SNMP or S/390 and to Customer the Hi-Track call-home software facility.
of the CHIPs and ESCON or FICON Connectivity and The Lightning both and ESCON or FICON S/390 platforms as shown and ESCON or FICON boards to and computers.
board and its About the Interface Boards Interface Board, as shown four Interface of connectivity to the host. The Lightning the Reduced Instruction (RISC) that I/O operations.
There four each interface board or of interfaces ESCON interface shown FICON interface appearance. Lightning to and hosts, thereby the performance, and ease of This shown of the Lightning ESCON board and its
connected to and hosts. Table of interfaces of the of Supported Interfaces The of interfaces the Lightning shown Table Supported Interface 100MB/sec or 200MB/sec ESCON 17.5MB/sec FICON 100MB/sec of Interfaces Supported to ESCON or FICON the and to the subtracted from anywhere the to these of Hosts Supported Direct the Lightning The and connectivity. The Lightning to platforms as below: NT HP-UX AIX and (IBM NetWare IRIX (SGI UNIX
Architecture Switched Hierarchical Network The Architecture The internal architecture consists of the Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) and the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). The Hierarchical Network The C-HSN the to and from the cache. The C-HSN the to the C-HSN and the C-HSN (as shown previously of the and the C-HSN. The Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) switched to cache from
The CSW the heart of the Lightning The CSW and CARBs to cache. The Switch Non-blocking Switched Access to At the heart of the C-HSN the Switch (CSW). Together, these four switches the the internal using switch (PSFB) of the C-HSN. The CSW specially switch that as MUX, and switch. The CSW functions as MUX the of each switch and four to the cache to routing). there the of the and to the cache from the cache of the shown Memory (CARB) allows the CSW to as the and to and from the The CSW the the to and from the cache. The Path the CSW and CHIPs or 6.4GB/sec The that the Interface Processors, or CHIPs (through the DTA) to the CSW and the CSW to the cache each parity. The of each This the of clocked mentioned, there from the of the Lightning and to the of the CSWs. This 6.4GB/sec of to the of the switched (when The Path the CSW and the (CAs) 3.2GB/sec The the of the Switch (CSW) and the cache 3.2GB/sec This 3.2GB/sec as as the four CSWs and the four cache and functioning. of Switched Architecture Compared to Shared Architecture the of switched architecture to that of shared architecture the of operations that the the
the of internal operations that to the of the backplane. The shared to the the and cache memory. the of the shared-bus shown there four and information. Therefore of four this architecture. On Lightning however, with its internal switch topology the to cache, that This to the of the CSW and the cache This I/O performance of the Lightning to shared-bus as Chapter Architecture Switched Hierarchical Network shared-bus architecture to I/O operations. Shared-bus architecture The Lightning The Lightning architecture allows to cache through four interconnecting cache switches.
of cache memory allocated to The 32GB of The to 32GB of cache, directly cache to 1.5GB) Competitive their cache both and information, the amount of cache. Advanced of the The Lightning of advanced cache algorithms and software that allow performance. FlashAccess Allows to Permanently FlashAccess allows users to and cache and write then cache with latency With FlashAccess of cache memory allocated to or FlashAccess and easily. S/390 the (LVI), as as or as as increased flexibility, FlashAccess offers of operation. It with to increase the of and, therefore, performance of to both open-to-S/390 and high High-performance Reads clustering the Lightning using built-in heuristics to every I/O. The heuristics to the If then the Lightning reads to that to that when the already the cache, the immediately. Memory Hierarchical Network The of the Architecture the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). This that the of information the and memory. The memory information about the location, and of the cache, the the cache, and the of the Lightning (as as other information related to the of the memory of each other. This illustrated about Essentially, information of band from the both through memory and The CM-HSN that the Cache-HSN switched-fabric topology its interconnecting The CM-HSN and of them. shows of the CM-HSNs topology. back to the there CM-HSN the to the memory. the shows four There connecting the to the memory. The shows the combined their paths. The shows of the to the
memory its memory mirrored. This topology to this architecture. Either the the CM-HSM, the 3.2GB/sec when of the installed. clocked 50MB/sec 3.2GB/sec the clocked the combined of the memory 3.2GB/sec Architecture Switched Hierarchical Network memory the of information and cache memory about the location, and of
High Performance High-speed New high-performance with the Lightning The (FC-AL). Eight 100MB/sec FC-AL to ported each ACP With four ACP MB/sec ACP thats 3.2GB/sec to the physical FC-AL with and Recovery and (DRR) This to the 7700E where of the FW-SCSI-2 the back shared through and DRR Basically, the of and DRR the back of the Lightning increased to the Lightning to the The of Lightning ACP shown and four ACP with group. The Lightning algorithms performance of ACP New The performance of the Lightning with the introduction of ported/dual active These specially and built the Lightning The 3-inch factor with 18GB and 73GB 10,025RPM. These high-density high RPMs. The rates with these approaching Higher sectors physical head and rotation, when to the 7700E 15GB which 12,030RPM. Functional of ACP The high
Functional of with FC-AL of four ACP and FC-AL the Lightning Command greatly performance. These dual-ported/dual-active with the built the ACP allow the back of the Lightning to FC-AL ACP both performance and or both The the activity and the of the paths. Based this information, the the to functional of with FC-AL shown of and The of four and shown The of Command (CTQ) Another introduced with the Lightning that the 7700E Command (CTQ) to the Command greatly the performance of the Lightning back offloading of the functions to the themselves, to allow I/O operations to
and RAID Architecture Capacity of the Lightning The Lightning unmatched of as shown and of with capacity with with 18GB 73GB 180GB Lightning One 1.7TBs 7.0TB 16.6TB Lightning 9.4TB 37.4TB 88.3TB .9TB 3.5TB 8.3TB of the Lightning RAID the advanced RAID of to interface to its These interface and RAID offloading these to Each Lightning ACP RAID-1+ and RAID-5 RAID). the as of RAID of type or another. RAM each RAID writes. RAID-1+ With the of the Lightning RAID-1+ introduced. RAID-1+ (four RAID-1+0 with rotating RAID-5 Distributed Parity RAID-5 of four RAID-5 to RAID-1+, RAID-5 information each of If the of that recreated reading back the other the with the parity. Parity information distributed throughout the to the of to from The overhead of RAID-5 to of the of the RAID the of RAID-1+ or RAID-5 and The Lightning allows to expanded RAID-1+ and RAID-5 shown Table and of offload to RAID-1+ to
The Lightning with RAID-1+ and RAID-5 the industry of active High-density The the Lightning specially high and performance Limited. the industry of active This increased performance.
High-Availability Software Application Service of (HA) Computing Software It increasingly business to to information hours Whats careers often the of service IT to the to the to which or of its function. measured terms of Mean (MTBF) MTBF the Mean to (MTTR). AVAILABILITY MTBF (MTBF+MTTR). which once every hours and of hours to and rating of This would to rating the of Software products to Computing factors downtime. The Lightning to as of these factors as both redundancy, and software to allow of other locations locally or remotely that the of and and products dramatically to reducing the to operations the of teamed with industry-leading software such as and VERITAS Software of California to world-class These to the fact that and analysts as the highest the industry. The Lightning Advanced Profile to Competitive Products The Lightning with high-availability computing highlights of the high-availability that the other products. Active instead of or active throughout the combined with architecture. to the to which or of its function. Customers and analysts as the highest the industry.
the of with The Lightning offers of protection than products. The recovery without high-availability and operations. and Mirrored cache write instead of cache. GDPS combined with recovery. to Point-in-Time without of or High-availability, to the of that and third-party software such as VERITAS software of software as high-availability to reduce downtime and recovering services of Without while undetected. Once the detected, action recovery recovery immediately the The recovery without high-availability and operations, which include the SCSI restarting reassigning IP recovering and restarting and and products cache the Lightning If there cache, there With these products there increased of the the The Lightning of this and write
There four of that reduce downtime the of or The Lightning each of Pathing switches the I/O the of This type of switches the I/O to the The Lightning AIX and UNIX HP and through NT/2000 and and VERITAS Path (DPM) supported. and family of software that as shown the of RAID recovery and from server-to-RAID to re-directing I/O activity to the least using algorithms. RAID-protected protected which why operations. This allows to of the Lightning and RAID therefore increased and performance. Supported platforms include AIX NT and software of which of the the of the cluster. This includes the reassignment of and as as the restarting of to and while and The Lightning including: HP MC Service Guard, HP MC IBM RS6000 and SP HACMP, NT/2000 Microsoft NCR UNIX SVR4 IBM ATAP and VERITAS ClusterServer High Software Application Service switches the I/O path. to One of the the of the cluster.
and distributed Clustering This type of of which Informix XPS, and MPP. Clustering distributed that software to to the If the other its clusters allow to incrementally With the to or with another instance to purchased and when the of the exceeded. The Lightning with and PDB and The Lightning to and cooling to chassis the the of supply the of such the supply that without to the
Cooling The Lightning cooling to of the The and of these the If should swapped without to the cooling Unmatched Competitive RAID Choices The flexibility choice Lightning RAID protection unmatched. It to choices RAID protection and characteristics of performance, and RAID-1+ offers the highest performance from the operation. RAID-1+ offers the highest performance the of to (and then the of other RAID The Lightning offers the to intermix RAID within the of and performance the hosted the Lightning Lightning both RAID-1+ and RAID-5. High Software Application Service
Performance Considerations Scalable Performance Based the internal switched-fabric architecture, the Lightning shows unmatched performance The and connectivity to the the increases. stated previously, the 6.4GB/sec internal reached when and functioning. to with existing neither the the existing performance from the of internal and The following of this the effects of another the this phenomenon. The of the Lightning Architecture Shared Architecture conducted that clearly that the to performance typical of architecture. The OLTP and DSS both Lightning and 7700E the 7700E as of the architecture. both the OLTP HP/9000-K460 and the DSS E3000 both connected to 7700E and then to There therefore, from the software or the platform They the both of The the to the of the switched-fabric architecture. shown The and connectivity to Lightning the increases. Shared architectures to performance bottlenecks. the of the architecture when to architecture.
Bottleneck-free performance with the Lightning Switching the of Shared Architectures It from that reduction the OLTP performance the shared architecture of the 7700E This when the DSS about the It the that the DSS the OLTP to the fact that both the Lightning with its architecture, however, each its internally routed This that the reason performance the OLTP when the DSS Although there the cache, there operations concurrently the cache. This the of which measured with the architectures the The DSS while the OLTP The OLTP (TPM) of about and this the of the DSS and throughout the DSS The DSS with of about 220MB/sec or second. There reduction TPM. other the DSS NOT the OLTP performance as the shared when the OLTP the DSS 220MB/sec or second. there reduction MB/sec or with the Lightning
The Lightning Software the the World Customers and analysts the Lightning as the products the The Software the of this of leading-edge software products that the Lightning This from PDF to the business of this of software features the of three of that software. These three business classified as follows: Increased IT service and performance and access. Simplified IT operations and IT of and business Software the Lightning Synchronous Remote Copy Synchronous Remote Copy S390 Remote Copy Asynchronous Copy S/390 IBM GDPS Compatible Remote Copy Software Remote Copy (Point-in-Time) Copy S/390 replication replication -S/390 Migration Service to the 9900-S/390 Path and Clustering to software HARBOR and of only S/390 VERITAS and S/390 to to and S/390 LUN Security/Hitachi performance Increased IT service Simplified IT of operations and performance and software the advanced Table Summary of software products and the business objectives they
offers broad of and software The Lightning and performance. The software Lightning of information, located anywhere, The advanced Lightning initiated, and through these software Table software to the business The software coverage of copy/relocation, access/protection, and Customers the freedom to choose the or of their The Software Increased IT service and performance through Continuity (BCP) software and services the New performance and hand. If information, might as offline. of the business around Building bulletproof reliability, the Lightning offer redundancy and hot-replaceable
To this already of to recovery from acts of and the of enough to of businesses recovery from such the only that that recovery and integrity. Remote Duplication, Migration It to the what become known as the of software The of software when considered. Advances such as and snapshot to creep the of Copy products allow to protect, and The three software Remote Copy that to to the operations of continuously to geography to of that Synchronous Remote Copy typically and of performance Asynchronous with of insuring The of to the the of business Copy that of to as Point-in-Time snapshots. Migration Software that permanently from to another. This from that the of the there only of The of to or to the literally of that three basic actually Point-in-Time recovery) relocation or There reasons the of products and the to existing or If existing that becomes the creating early of software would reduce from hours to the to the of the Point-in-Time process. The (or the to initiate the (seconds or these products, however, the and This to the of such products as Snapshot and (EMC The Lightning Software the the World The of software when considered. the literally of that three actually
Real-time/point-in-time both security and of including protection, testing, recovery, and warehousing. Table products Remote Copy, Duplication, and Migration. Copy Software Worldwide and industry become increasingly IT to business. temporary of or serious to and threaten and coupled with the of motivated IT to as of their top of these the years to include service These hardware-assisted functions allowed to associated with copying recovery business that of or to with of Real-time/point-in-time both security and of including protection, testing, recovery, and warehousing. where the located, replicated and within the or This to within the business to to and the business of business shown software products the functions of and These to the business of the to business the of adversity, such as to IT business warehousing/OLAP, relocation, or testing. Copy Products Migration Duplication Remote Copy Synchronous Software Remote Copy (HXRC) Protection Services HARBOR (HFT) the ESCON This with the of Synchronous telephone the performance of the when
and Software IT Operations and philosophy The software of their business instead of The advanced functions initiated, managed, and through the HiCommand framework. The software coverage of copy/relocation, access/protection, and Customers the freedom to choose the of their HiCommand allows of and software through the of choice software and through the HiCommand This reduces operations and increases business while HiCommand includes GUI-based Command Interface (CLI), and that HDS software functionality. The and replication and recovery, performance and optimization, and related functionality. importantly HiCommand other This the architecture and existing investments software and The HiCommand architecture shown The advanced functions initiated, and through the HiCommand software
HiCommand allows of and software from the customers of choice. HiCommand to products and software HiCommand that software framework that to products and software Command including LUN Command SAN including WWN Discovery and Command of the Lightning and Command archive with both and time-based Command performance and that allows of RDBMS capacity, and performance. HiCommand functionality as from and through the software the of the ISV and with whose offerings complementary. This accomplished through both and and, where Both and their software this architecture allowing them to their through the of choice.
The of Command HiCommand consists of three The HiCommand NT/2000, or and to the Lightning LAN. HiCommand Lightning of that of attached (NAS), or attached (DAS) to the and HiCommand and software from industry leaders such as VERITAS Software, Microsystems BMC Software IBM and Associates through of XML-based Remote and offers approach to from location. GUI, browser-based interface that easy to learn and allows and from anywhere the HiCommand HiCommand optional CLI (Command Interface). the customers and information back to HiCommand including of of HBA WWNs, operating SCSI and other and information. of the Software business To business the highest of business with IT efficiency and performance. The of computing this the of the IT and software the therefore the heart of the to high of performance and to business Explosively both and distributed while that to who The of computing offers the to this This and software offering together Graph-Track FlashAccess and LUN the Lightning these functionality. Graph-Track the easy-to-use performance and software. VLVI Lightning performance to and the of the FlashAccess lock Lightning ultra-high performance. LUN and without intervention. and Software Simplifies IT Operations the easy-to-use performance and software.
The Graph-Track GUI as The following summary of the which the simplify IT operations, and performance service business OLTP and DSS and thereby the of Service Security Monitoring/Reporting Capacity Performance Accounting SNMP with Network (SNMP). SNMP the the Information to SNMP Information (MIBs) with software, or the VERITAS CA TNG, HP With CA TNG, MIBs allow the of the Lightning CA commands. reporting that This out-of-band the of Lightning the Graph-Track the guess-work of performance the of the software of the software the Graph-Track GUI as and pull-down and while point-and-click and further its ease of Graph-Track and effortlessly, other and reporting Graph-Track users and to performance. S/390 UNIX and NT/2000 this performance and of to the that which from the band would with
information the of button. The GUI-oriented Graph-Track shown PC attached to LAN, Graph-Track displays or historical connected Lightning and processing. With Graph-Track and the of each activity operation. It activity the to the reporting interface rates, cache function, and This that operations and the the that to Graph-Track highlights cache information. read/write and read-hit reported to Graph-Track separately. LUN and reduces LUN With LUN Units and There the to and LUN includes easy-to-use, GUI-based interface that allows the easy of the of assignments, or the of the Lightning service information the LUN to LUN, of and clustered -based PC connected to the LAN, LUN to Lightning and Software IT Operations The GUI interface Graph-Track performance With LUN of and clustered
performance. FlashAccess dramatically performance. and to LUN features that dramatically LUN flexibility. to physical to the operating as LUN. This there to of protection, user and security. Lightning LUN information, while LUN information and users, and of LUN allows to software that Lightning allowing to LVI of LVI. as as or as as LVI physical with of of within with to them to LVI. This and flexibility. performance reducing and operating It performance the to the FlashAccess allows to and cache on-the-fly FlashAccess software that allows to and cache and write functions then cache with latency With FlashAccess of cache memory allocated to or FlashAccess and easily. the (LVI) or Unit (LUN) cache as as or as as increased flexibility, FlashAccess offers of operation. It with to increase the of and, therefore, performance of to offers high-speed OS/390 UNIX and NT/2000 platforms. as as mainframe-to-open. and S/390 performance Lightning products performance bottlenecks. the Lightning high-speed internal to monitors, and to and to performance of the type of attachment, the or assisted time-consuming and with This performance and reduced of ownership.
The that software products and FlashAccess software and This allows customers to the of as and that they performance the to TB Lightning using GB then and thereby performance to service while FlashAccess cache, memory, With the Lightning to only the purchase from software and and reduced and This the Lightning products. Reduced investment. The to Lightning and S/390 SAN This users to to to from unauthorized access. Processing Facility/Multi-Path Facility (TPF/MPLF) The Lightning the Facility (MPLF) IBM highest performance software the Processing Facility (TPF). TPF of the worlds Customer Reservation and the TPF or VM, MPLF high performance record-level locking which high of RAID-1+, RAID-5, and supported. and Software Simplifies IT Operations
Professional Services and consistently One the Industry numerous IT services organizations, the highest terms of Service Responsiveness the characteristic that allows the renowned service and to that products performance to and software the Professional Services and that the least to business. It to The to the of distributed and and with SCSI and ESCON, and FICON. the connectivity, and to this These built-in the professional services and service and organizations to the of software, and the professional services software, and services that of IT architecture. This to operations, and interoperability. customers chart both the and to and Whether with Continuity Consulting and DFSMS performance/capacity about platforms and architectures, or of IT the and the to the business of the service offerings highlighted of (CORA first the CORA service recommended. CORA of the services. This service the and ROI the computing to reduce and the of and with the business and clear terms that IT to their team. Chapter Protection Services The Protection Services trained architectural and The that applying software the Protection Services professional services connectivity, and CORA the and ROI the computing
to and to The Protection Services software three of Migration Copy Point-in-Time Copy The relocation and that establish and recovery to business the of or the to these With Protection Services, its existing software and and reduce to recovery. first typical with the to based the of and the of of recovery, warehousing, business testing and and the of that this service. Then the and phases of with the clear of services and with the of breed consulting and reference of that to of the of the of protection services below: Protection Services laboratory ground the and to the functions of and software. The Protection Services to software and that productivity, and business continuity. Copy and Service This service the recovery or the of IT such as relocation of of geographically or testing to and to of the process. offers services testing recovery to the of the terms of software, and IT professionals trained to as of the to the of business continuity, recovery, or of IT Service point-in-time without or causing to operations. It the only completely that Recovery with to and this advanced to existing The service the to the rigorous operations efficiency and and shortens recovery dramatically the of
Continuous Service or the of easy It the of software, and operations professional services the and recovery software operations and of the that threaten the IT then systematically and both and MVS and recovery (both and off-site) to the first created and of and weaknesses of the software, and then to and reduce the of Migration Service The Migration Service from existing to while the applications. Migration Service four-phase approach that includes and The of this service areas: professional services methodology/procedure and The of products Migration Service of protection and integrity. This accomplished through that terabytes of and efficiently. S/390 terabytes of to from other of hours while and completely Migration Service the allowing to continuously throughout the process. Its reduce dramatically, SAN services and the increases increased and reliability. SAN of and that to within higher increased of and to or (FC) of to and high The of SAN of ownership through the of through through the of LAN performance of to distributed and workstations and Professional Services and both and MVS and recovery. Migration Service of protection and offers of SAN services to and
Laboratory Service with the knowledge of pre-tested of SAN. software to its software offers of professional services that and Network (SAN) to and the The services The SAN (EIA) Service The SAN and Tactical Service The SAN Service highly of SAN specialists to Interoperability Laboratory Service The Laboratory Service with the knowledge of of SAN Customers, however, to the of these interoperable SAN To that of effectively SAN established Laboratory its headquarters to SAN the Laboratorys earliest the replication and of the SAN and telecommunications The and the such to effective SAN to of business and services offers of consulting services and software to the of investment and to information functionality throughout the These services cover performance and cabling and and of services the of the IT and the and of the applications. Professional Services with the business to the of the Lightning Software and Service Software and Service software to its software Once this accomplished, the Software and Service philosophy and with software as business and about and Together with of breed this based the of software This the investment to the
the Performance of the HP and and of the Switched Architecture to Shared-bus Architecture products the Performance the performance Chapter each its The shared the the (cache, and ACP (there four ACP The the 7700E, shared bus-based architectures, and the Lightning representing switched architecture. The of of Transaction Processing (OLTP) and Decision (DSS). The OLTP HP platform consisting of the following both arrays: HP /9000-K460 768MB RAM, HBAs (FC-AL to the 7700E or the Lightning HP-UX with 50MB of SGA to to the arrays), 2KB OLTP with to the TPC-C 7700E and Lightning with 1GB cache, (FC-AL topology) ACP 6GB 12,030RPM RAID The following the 7700E and Lightning the OLTP 7700E OPEN-K and of Lightning OPEN-9 of occurred of this), and 18GB 10,025RPM The DSS platform and consists of the following E3000 512MB RAM each, JNI HBAs topology) switch MKII connected each. 16KB (256KB I/O DSS with each. Performing with instances. 7700E and Lightning with 1GB cache, ACP 6GB 12,030RPM RAID-5+ The following
the 7700E and the the DSS The 7700E 6GB The of 18GB and 47GB
of Terms Ethernet with of known as Ethernet with of AG Group. ACP The of PCB that the physical of the four FC-AL ACP of such as to redundancy and performance. or that computing as the of and that there to service action, and of to operations API Application Interface or API. of software commands that to software and the three and three right of the Lightning housing (high and The physical of of RAID Parity RAID-5+ and RAID-1+. Remote Copy The of that with clocking or other The and the information when becomes
exactly of when the of character located clocking such as encoding. Synchronous, to the to which or of its function. measured terms of Mean (MTBF) MTBF the Mean to (MTTR). The as follows: AVAILABILITY MTBF (MTBF+MTTR). that once every hours and of hours to and rating of This to rating using the of 9s. where or the of character reference to the back includes the and to the On the these the ACP the and the Continuity (BCP) covering both recovery and business also: Recovery. (BIA) The of business and the that them. whether service or that the of business operations location. CA The CA the cache boards and to the Switch (CSW).
CARB memory the Switch (CSW) to to cache. (pronounced on-chip memory L2 cache), section of memory or cache), or high-speed cache). of caching commonly computers: memory and caching dramatically the performance of applications, of RAM thousands of than found the cache, cache and the effectiveness of cache its CHIP Interface CHSN Hierarchical Network. CHT interfaces). Architecture Architecture architecture which each or the or or to or or workstations which applications. such as and CMA Memory CMHSN Memory, Hierarchical Network. Cold facility that of or air-conditioning and and such facility to the business functions of organization. Cold their UPS or also: Shell Recovery
Consistency software of the The or the of the Lightning housing the switch, cache, and interface cards. CORA of CORA software-based initially the industry International Security (IST) Inc. of New York City. with IST, offering CORA to the BCP Continuity industry as professional service. of the CORA the where each action to of and investment. CORA. CPU CPU Processing Unit. Can to such as SPARC or or to or and CPU board. CSW Switch. specially switch the Lightning They switches. CTQ Command-Tag DA The the CHT and the cache boards to the front DASD IBM coined that Direct Access to the to which of to its users. Copy that to both and
DD Director. Duplication Software that as or Point-in-Time snapshots. from that with the of the there of and with there only Migration Software that from to another. This from that the of the there of Recovery Recovery the profession that to and to services The of to to interruption services recovery to organization's business Downtime or downtime scheduled and downtime includes business interruptions or Interruptions, Recovery, Continuity (BCP), and DR Recovery. DRR Recovery and DSS Decision that to the of business such as warehousing, OLAP, and others. DTA ECC correction
EBCDIC of Binary-Coded Pronounced EBCDIC IBM characters as numbers. Although IBM computers, other computers, including and Macintoshes ASCII ASCII, and asynchronous. The of to offsite facility rather than Typically, batch or to to that ESA/390 Architecture/390 S/390 ESA/390 IBM architecture and that follow this architecture include the IBM ES/9000 family. IBM the to ESCON architecture IBM ESA/390 peripheral interface or The I/O interface ESA/390 interface that attached to ESCON based ESCON fiber-optic to or ESCON and other to to ESCON Director I/O interface switch that allows the of ESCON interfaces distributed-star topology. Ethernet Network (LAN) with and Ethernet or and of or The Ethernet the of the IEEE which the physical and software layers. Ethernet the CSMA/CD and of the LAN Ethernet known as or of switches such as to and connectivity.
or the routing of to when the first Ethernet Ethernet or the IEEE that with existing installations, the CSMA/CD (MAC) write write cache that of to The writes the directly to cache, to or to both. The then (writing to write reduces the the I/O to FC FCA FC-AL FDN Network (SAN) known as (FDN). FDN architecture that SAN and offers organizations the freedom of choice and the through of Networks With FDN, that the of and increased and the to back and without affecting the performance of ANSI to high-speed workstations, and of switched topology of SAN the and Industry Association (SNIA). The as the of as high-speed (FC-AL), or switched
with each other and the switch to operating information attributes and characteristics. This information includes and IDs and to establish FICON ESA/390 interface. The of copying that or to another or to as This protection the active as to reference to the front to the interfaces or to the the servicing these and the cache memory. On the Lightning the front consists of CHIP Ethernet that Ethernet wire) or There of the Ethernet that Technically, although as 1000MB. This of the industry. GUI GUI that to Graphical Interface that the software that the to HARBOR Backup/Recovery with Lightning Backup/Recovery software that or channel-based of to OS/390 using graphical interface. backup/recovery of and (ERP) optional. OS/2 UNIX NetWare and VMS platforms. High-speed and other channel-based HARBOR This software and OS/390 and high ESCON FICON or HFT thought of as high FTP that High performance allowing to
concurrently. with routing, and from of Ease of interface, and of functions from OS/390 HDD High-density Used the Lightning The Migration Service professional service that from existing to while the applications. four-phase approach that includes and monitors, and to within Lightning and to performance family of software that based and RAID and from server-to-RAID This allows to of the SCSI and RAID therefore increased and performance. Supported platforms include AIX and NT/2000 FlashAccess FlashAccess that allows specified (usually high access) to or permanently cache memory they the algorithms of the The Access the Lightning S/390 or Access software the that allows the creating, and of the Access software. Graph-Track Graph-Track software the that allows of and and graphical reports Lightning performance and and Architecture At the heart of the Lightning revolutionary the Architecture, which redundant, non-blocking the
cache and Each 100MB/s, the Lightning to to of GB/s. This six-to-eight the internal of based and performance, consists of four cache switches that cross-connected to four cache and memory These memory and information and cross-connected to and InstantSplit InstantSplit to that of which tested or created) With InstantSplit and the Lightning bottleneck-free performance, the of products to and LUN LUN software the that allows of LUN and Backup/Restore Backup/Restore channel-based backup/restore of which investment software, and high-performance, high One of software each the and of S/390 and hosts. software and the following HP/UX AIX, UNIX SGI IRIX NCR UNIX SVR4, NT and built right the Lightning With Lightning UNIX or NT /2000-based and S/390 platforms. platforms lowers of ownership, and the of
Recovery The Recovery S/390 -attached and This facility to from of S/390 -attached to another with and without the Lightning with to recover their following The of software that together Graph-Track (VLVI) FlashAccess and LUN The software to 7000E or or SAN The firmware-based software that command-line-interfaces to to of within Lightning or to Lightning Graphic or command-line interfaces replication and resynchronization of or S/390 with Asynchronous to another or asynchronous and S/390 computers. This allows that include MVS, HP/UX, AIX, UNIX SGI IRIX NCR UNIX SVR4 NT/2000 facility that the and to recover the business functions affected the of or business type of offered (such as processing, or other business Location and of the to the and terms include recovery recovery and Cold Recovery, and Continuity
HSN Hierarchical The technical to the internal (the CHSN and the CMHSN) of the of arrives to the other that SAN HXRC This IBM XRC host-based software software write that three-tier distributed architecture with and that and distributed to back from to that the including to HSM or to or network-attached platforms covered and supported. RDBMS including SAP R/3, Informix DB2 RDB, and Microsoft SQL and NT/2000 registry. IP The IP the routing the and other TCP/IP-based IP internetwork that that of FDDI, or ATM. Microsystems software applications. Journaling of to as the of the to of the the from the that the LAN or of that geographically together; this usually the to building or of LAN connected to other telephone high-speed backbones, and waves. of connected this wide-area (WAN).
Lightning The announced (Lightning and November It with its Hierarchical Network switched architecture, which to and from the to architectures. Unit The SCSI Unit LUN. The associated with typically or as physical although directly with physical LUN Unit or Unit SCSI the field that to LPAR IBM ESA/390 of that the that the ESA/390 architecture. ESA/390 architecture this when than LPAR established ESA/390 LPAR to that the LPAR to or physical tightly coupled the LPAR operating to the LUSE LUN This Lightning allows to combined to LRU Least Recently Used. that chooses to the from cache which the its access. Least Recently Used algorithms The Lightning LRU memory) that chronicles the of of cache memory. MAN within which might city
MBCP Continuity Professional. The highest of professional of the Recovery (DRI). The with of years of as business recovery DRI Recovery CBCP (Certified Continuity Professional), and ABCP (Associate Continuity Professional). MIB Information of information that reported to SNMP Its to MIPS of Instructions (or MIPS) rough of performance within the of about as the CM-HSM and the Memory of the Lightning Mirrored or that the The operating to them as and reads from and writes to both when RAID-1 Mirroring to the of writing to usually to high of the Mirroring or software based. MP MPA MPLF The Lightning the Path Facility (MPLF) the IBM highest performance operating TPF or VM, MPLF high performance record-level locking that and write to the without with each other. TPF.
MTBF Mean commonly of reliability, hours. typically MTTR of hours or MTTR Mean To Includes the to the or and the to users. MTBF. of the Lightning that to without to in-flight to Since there snapshot, recovery the of NDMP Network (NDMP) network-based of network-attached NDMP the interfaces from third-party software that allows this software to NDMP the NVM Memory to to backed DRAM that the of NVRAM Access Memory such as RAM the that to the memory chips. OLAP Processing. type of Decision which analytical software to OLTP Processing. Off-site facility location, from the location, which software, or
interactive users of whose characteristics comply with throughout the industry, and therefore connected to other that with the The operating the software that The operating (OS) such as input from to the of and the and peripheral such as and or The OS acts as and the that the The OS security, that users the classified as follows: allows or users to the than CPU. allows than to concurrently. Multi-threading allows of to concurrently. Usually OS that to input instantly. of that the that the information the Lightning the as and therefore to as of band. Parity to the of the The RAID to Point-in-Time of that including and checkpoints. POD Performance On ID
RAID of RAID to increase the of through of the (RAID-1, or through of each the (RAID-3, RAID-5, which information the of RAID the of The algorithms performance from RAID-5 that with RAID-1. offer RAID-5. RAID RAID securely RAID RAID allow RAID to expanded and of from RAID to another. Recovery The from the to the recovery of the Remote Copy Remote Copy generically to software or that the to from to without Synchronous (typically than and LAN/WAN/MAN Remote Copy This to the the of these ESCON, or (T3, ATM ESCON there of the such as the OPTERA allowing The that that of SAN to through or Ethernet switches. of SAN known as (FDN). of include outboard of and reduced of Networks (SAN) high-speed subnetworks of shared SAN architecture that to LAN or WAN. directly of business and capacity released to the FDN,
SCSI Interface. interface that I/O and of high-level I/O commands. There currently of SCSI and clock The of SCSI SCSI SCSI (Fast/Narrow), SCSI SCSI (Fast/Narrow), SCSI SCSI SCSI (Narrow), SCSI Snapshot that to of Snapshots and recovery. SNMP Network SNMP SNMP that to from simple-to-sophisticated SNMP workstations. UNIX operating based V, release SPARC Architecture. SPARC Internationals Reduced-Instruction-Set-Computer (RISC) CPUs. RAID when or written to or from instead of reading or writing to higher performance through its SVP Service of the Lightning SWAN interconnected They and ESCON Switch switch computing that and forwards Network (LAN) Switches the of the OSI Reference and therefore type of switch L4 switch operates the fourth of the OSI Reference and the of LAN that switches to switched or, the of Ethernet switched L-4 Switch.
Synchronous Synchronous when the of with clocking or other The and to with another the and the clock the creating exactly of from the to the of such Synchronous character or oriented. Character oriented to of characters such as found ASCII (American Information oriented the of Asynchronous, ASCII, and EBCDIC, HRC, HORC. interface. TB (TB) Gigabytes. as GB, causing the industry. TCP or TCP of the TCP/IP It IP the and services TCP IP to information and the of IP of services that IP TCP and IP and IP them the VERITAS California software that and and software products of and platforms. (VLVI) software the that allows of RAID rebuild, and abort operations. RAID and the ESA/390 the information recorded or recording Indirectly, to the of recording On such as the indirectly, to the that associated with the to the the to as
WAN or of that geographically and connected waves, telephone or high-speed backbones. that (as to which equipped). and Cold Workload I/O to the of to the Lightning or to XRC Remote of software asynchronous Remote Copy that integrity. HXRC and
Worldwide Offices www.hds.com Corporate Headquarters Expressway California U.S.A. Headquarters One Australia/New Headquarters North NSW Headquarters Street H2Y 3X7 Headquarters Sefton Buckinghamshire SL2 4HD United America Headquarters Expressway, MS California U.S.A. U.S. Headquarters Expressway California U.S.A. with the U.S. and Office as and service of The and service of Lightning FlashAccess, Graph-Track, Hi-Track, Networks, and of Corporation. BETA and HARBOR of BETA Software AG. BROCADE of BROCADE Inc. and and of Corporation. Associates and TNG of Associates International, Inc. EMC and and of EMC Corporation. of Corporation. HP-UX, and of Company. IBM, ESCON, S/390, OS/390, RS/6000, MVS, Architecture/390, ESA/390, and ES/9000 and HACMP/6000, GDPS, and FICON of International Corporation. AIX Informix of Informix Corporation. of Corporation. of of Corporation. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. NCR of NCR Corporation. NetWare of Inc. of Limited. of Corporation. of Corporation. of Inc. of Inc. SGI and IRIX of Graphics, Inc. of Corporation. of Sybase, Inc. UNIX the United States and other countries, exclusively through Limited. VERITAS and ClusterServer of VERITAS Software Corporation. of Corporation. Notice: This informational only, and forth warranty, or implied, concerning or service offered or to offered This that with and that and that currently office information and and its products to and including warranties. To of these terms and to purchase or please to or to If purchase or the to these and Corporation Rights DISK-387-01