Table of Table of Table of of Introduction the Industry Once Lightning Product of the Lightning Architecture of Competitive Shared-bus Architectures The Lightning Advanced Profile Compared to Competitive Products............................................................................................................................4 Other Information Sources from Reduced TCO Second-generation Switched Chapter Lightning The Lightning 9980V Lightning 9980V Lightning 9980V 9970V The Network of the Chapter of the Lightning CHIPs and ESCON or FICON Connectivity and About the Interface Boards................................................................................................14 of Supported Interfaces of Interfaces Supported of Hosts with Direct the Lightning Chapter Architecture Switched Hierarchical Network The Architecture The Hierarchical Network The Switch Non-blocking Switched Access to The 9980V 64GB of
Advanced of the Lightning FlashAccess Software Allows to Permanently Read-ahead High-performance Reads Memory Hierarchical Network Chapter High-performance High-speed of and New The of Command (CTQ) and RAID Architecture Capacity of the Lightning of the Lightning RAID RAID-1+ RAID-5 Distributed Parity RAID High-density (HDD) Chapter Lightning Highest the Industry of High-availability (HA) Computing Software Software Products Contribute to High-availability Computing The Lightning Advanced Profile Compared to Competitive Products High-availability Pathing Switches the I/O the of Path Software Path and Clustering and Competitive RAID Choices Chapter Unmatched Performance and Scalable Performance Switching the of Shared-bus Architectures There NO Match the Performance of the Lightning 9980V
Chapter Software of Software Simplifies Information Protects and Continuity and Recovery Performance The HiCommand and Software________________________________________________39 and HiCommand Allows of and Software through the of Choice..........................................................................39 HiCommand Standards-based Approach CIM to Customers......................................................................................................................40 the Created De-coupling from SAN and as Holistic of the Software Supports Objectives Out-of-band SNMP with Platforms......................44 LUN and LUN Software Simplifies and Staffing Costs Software LUN and LUN Software FlashAccess Software Allows to and Unlocked On-the-fly Remote Graph-Track Software the Guesswork of Performance Software S/390 Allows to
Performance, and with the Investment The Three Phases..................................................................49 Phase Preparation Phase Phase The On-site the Facts to and Reports Both IT and Chapter Services Consistently One the Industry............................................51 Services The HiCommand Service Service PATHLINE..................................................................51 Protection Replication and Service Service Software....................................................................52 Service Software Service Software Service Software Recovery Service Microsoft SplitSecond Recovery Service Microsoft SQL Service and Service Service FICON and Service..........................................................................54 Service Migration Service Migration Service SAN Services of Terms
Table of The Lightning 9980V and hyper-consolidation while the Lightning 9970V and The Lightning based internal switched architecture. shared-bus architecture to I/O operations. of the Lightning that of shared-bus factor of IT of The and Lightning 9980V and its Lightning 9980V with its supply the Lightning Lightning 9970V and ESCON or FICON boards to and computers. and its ESCON board and its The Lightning both and hosts. The C-HSN of Lightning 9970V switched to cache from memory the of information, such as location, and of and cache memory. Functional of with FC-AL of four ACP and FC-AL the Lightning 9980V The with RAID-1+ and RAID-5 The Lightning offers of protection than products. software and that the of the Lightning 9980V user while dramatically increase. offers of and software which profiled the Software HiCommand software and software allows of and software from the customers platform of The HiCommand based the CIM and SOAP industry reduce through physical software to from access. The GUI interface Graph-Track software performance
Table of Lightning of interfaces of the Lightning Table and of Table Lightning 9980V that of Summary of software products....................................................34 Summary of and the products they
Introduction the Industry Once the internal switched architecture with switches, the industry best-of-breed It the advanced the and and of the The architecture, combined with the highest performance, the industry to its customers to world-class, profit-oriented top of the TrueNorth and With its state-of-the-art TrueNorth to the of information within easy-to-manage and highly-resilient This, turn, leads to the the of owners, and through integrated, information TrueNorth allows the to simplify, protect, and its information thereby reducing of ownership (TCO) and investment (ROI). The TrueNorth and with associated The TrueNorth the as of software and that capacity, performance, and connectivity. switched architecture, introduced and the architecture of its type It to the internal and The leapfrogs products of including architecture, performance, and software high and provided. options include platforms and IBM S/390 and computers, which functionality. The Lightning dramatically increases associated with each of physical This The Lightning offers o with user OLTP with o o second. operations efficiency, and recovery leading and software The advanced functions of the Lightning initiated, and the HiCommand The Lightning with UNIX Microsoft NT and S/390 and offers Hi-Track service, with optional that world-class to they of the the of products.
Table of Lightning Lightning The Lightning 9980V and hyper-consolidation while the 9970V and Lightning Product The Lightning offers the 9980V and the Lightning 9970V The Lightning 9980V recommended users of 149TB+ of capacity. With the architecture as the Lightning 9980V the 9970V the and advanced-function with to 18TB+ of The Lightning 9970V recommended who advanced function of the of the 9980V Table features of the Lightning offerings. Product Characteristics of Capacity 64GB 32GB of to to of ESCON to to of FICON to to of to to of to to of ACP of FC-AL Paths to to to TB of Capacity 149TB+ 18TB+ RAID-5 73GB 73GB RAID-5 Capacity 127.8TB 15TB Selecting the Lightning 9970V or Lightning 9980V capacity performance and expected of The therefore offers that cover broad of as With ACP Lightning 9980V Lightning 9970V
of the Lightning The Lightning the the industry and of the The architecture the Lightning the internal and of earlier the architecture of the Lightning At the heart of the Lightning throughput, thanks to architecture. This of interconnecting high-speed to internal of 15.9GB/sec (gigabytes/sec) the Lightning 9980V This 10.6GB/sec and 5.3GB/sec internal information This superhigh that of products. The Lightning 9980V the of earlier The Lightning based internal switched architecture. The Lightning 9980V internal of 15.9GB/second. o
with the architecture. shared-bus architecture to I/O operations. the of with The that the Lightning the and Interface These the of the their (and to the Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) and the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). This that the 15.9GB/sec internal with Lightning 9980V with four ACP and four CHIP This high-performance and effective With or easily completed CHIP or ACP capacity or performance. The internal increases every The stated the rated the the effective rates based and Although ACP the Lightning 9970V than rarely of from of Competitive Shared-bus the shared-bus architecture of (as shown internally switched architecture to both and performance and to The Lightning Advanced C o to Competitive The Lightning with high- computing of the high-availability that the Lightning products including: which nondisruptively Active/active instead of active
and Mirrored cache instead of cache the leading of geographically GDPS which offers recovery High-availability, Other Information Sources from Additional information the including of the technically advanced and software from the publication, the Software This PDF from www.hds.com The industry-leading software from business continuity, performance and recovery, and It the to the software and specifics. Since increasingly the information the the Architecture The RAID computing and the and warehousing The the only products that with and If further information required, and knowledge the topics this of Reduced TCO shared-bus architecture as to initiatives and the to reduce TCO. that showed that of Lightning 9980V and Lightning 9970V that of fixed-bus factor of Since the Lightning 9980V and Lightning 9970V nearly internal of clear that to This when the industry- of the Lightning considered. The of to with without increasing head count and to the With the Lightning TCO reduced through by: Reduced complexity with switches, Simplified and and software licensing, charges, and products o cache the Lightning If there cache, there With these products there increased of the the The Lightning this and write Although to the of the thought of comforting to with operations. Other and knowledge o
of the that of shared-bus factor of IT of Second-generation Switched to TCO the Lightning becoming increasingly which of these architectures: attached (DAS), and attached (NAS), as shown This increases the to and efficiently with and
shown the of the of physical each type supported, high and clustered This both increases through and higher TCO. o
The Lightning and The Lightning that logically cards. physical each with its of Hosts matched to their assigned HSD based World (WWNs) LUN security software to based WWNs. this software each of its own LUN from which within its
Lightning The Lightning 9980V The 9980V two-to-five (as shown the cover of this and as the of each and to four that connected high-speed inches high, inches and inches Lightning 9980V The of the Lightning 9980V the Service Interface with ESCON and/or FICON Switch (CSWs), and of the shown Lightning 9980V and its
Lightning 9980V with its Lightning 9980V Each of the Lightning 9980V to (HDD) and interfaces to the of shown This allows and which reduced and TCO. The of both and The both and and N+1 This they or and, supply operation, the without to operation. The Lightning supply shown
from the back of the and where the converted to the AC options allow Lightning to with the around the world. Lightning 9970V Although the Lightning 9980V the to from to four the Lightning 9970V fixed-configuration, The Lightning 9970V IT where and where functionality required. From the front, the Lightning 9970V the of Lightning 9980V the back HDD housing to inch high, inch and inch footprint. This shown Lightning supply the Lightning
Lightning 9970V Lightning both predictive and The Network of the Lightning Lightning with system-monitoring The system-monitoring connected to and they of such as and to trouble-free operation. This predictive the to This information to the where locally the Service (SVP) or remotely the LAN UNIX or Microsoft NT information SNMP or IBM S/390 and to Customer the Hi-Track call-home software facility.
of the Lightning CHIPs and ESCON or FICON o Connectivity and The Lightning both and ESCON or FICON IBM S/390 and platforms as shown and ESCON or FICON boards to and computers.
board and its About the Interface Each Interface Board, as shown four Interface of connectivity to the host. of (gigabits/second) with the optional eight-port Interface With the Lightning industry-leading of each interface to interface Each interface
There four each interface board or of interfaces ESCON interface shown FICON interface board appearance. The FICON interface with or Lightning to both and hosts, thereby the performance, and ease of This shown of the Lightning ESCON and its
The Lightning both and hosts. Table of interfaces of the Lightning of Supported Interfaces The of interfaces the Lightning shown Table Supported Interface 100MB/sec or 200MB/sec ESCON 17.5MB/sec FICON 100MB/sec or 200MB/sec of Interfaces Supported to ESCON, or FICON the 9980V and to the Lightning 9970V ACP the 9980V ESCON of Hosts Supported with Direct the Lightning The Lightning and unmatched connectivity. The Lightning to and platforms as below: Microsoft NT Microsoft HP-UX AIX and (IBM NetWare (United IRIX (SGI UNIX (HP (HP (IBM (MVS VSE VM OS/390
Architecture Switched Hierarchical Network The The internal architecture consists of the Hierarchical Network (C-HSN) and the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). The Hierarchical Network The C-HSN the to and from the cache. The C-HSN the to the C-HSN and the C-HSN (as shown previously of the and the C-HSN of o o Lightning Lightning 9970V The C-HSN of Lightning 9970V switched to cache from
The CSW the heart of the Lightning of cache memory allocated to The Switch Non-blocking Switched Access to At the heart of the Lightning four Switches (CSWs). Together, these four switches the 9980V switch (PSFB). The CSW specially switch that as MUX, and switch. The CSW functions as MUX the of each switch and to the cache there the of the and to the cache from the cache of the The Lightning 9980V 64GB of The Lightning 9980V to 64GB of cache, directly to 3.0GB) Competitive their cache both and information, the amount of cache and creating performance Advanced Cache of the Lightning 9900V The Lightning of advanced algorithms and software that performance. FlashAccess o Allows to Permanently FlashAccess software allows users to and cache and write then cache with latency FlashAccess software, of cache memory allocated to or FlashAccess software and easily. IBM S/390 the (LVI), cache as as or as as increased flexibility, FlashAccess software offers of operation. It with software to increase the of and, therefore, performance of to software both open-to-S/390 and high-speed Read-ahead High-performance Reads clustering the using built-in heuristics to every I/O. The heuristics to the sequentially. If then the Lightning reads to that Read-ahead to that when the already the cache, the immediately. C o Memory Hierarchical Network The of the architecture the Memory Hierarchical Network (CM-HSN). This that the of information the and memory. The memory information about the location, and of the cache, the the cache, and the of the Lightning (as as other information related to the of the memory
of each other. This about Essentially, information of band from the both through memory and The CM-HSN that every the Cache-HSN switched-fabric topology its interconnecting The CM-HSN and of them. shows of the CM-HSNs topology. back to the Chapter there CM-HSN the to the memory. However, the four There to the to the memory. The shows the combined their The shows of the to the memory its memory mirrored. This to this architecture. Switched rchical o memory the of information, such as location, and of and cache memory.
High-performance High-speed high-performance with the the Profile (LP) 1"-height factor with 36GB, 73GB, and 146GB The 36GB 15,000RPM, and the 73GB and 146GB 10,000RPM. Each FC-AL with The of Lightning ACP shown The Lightning advanced algorithms performance of ACP Functional of with FC-AL of four ACP and FC-AL the Lightning 9980V
Command greatly performance. of and The of four and shown New The of the ported/dual active the Profile (LP) 1"-height factor with 36GB, 73GB, and 146GB The 36GB RPM, and the 73GB and 146GB 10,000RPM. These combined with the built the ACP allow the back of Lightning to FC-AL ACP both performance and The the activity and the of the Based this information, the the to functional of with FC-AL shown The of Command (CTQ) Another introduced with the Lightning Command (CTQ) to the CTQ greatly the performance of Lightning back offloading of the seek-optimization to the themselves, to allow I/O operations to
and RAID Architecture Capacity of the Lightning The Lightning unmatched of as shown Table and of with with capacity with 36GB 73GB 146GB 9980V One 9.2TB 18.7TB 37.2TB 9980V 36.6TB 74.7TB 149TB Lightning 9970V 4.6TB 9.3TB 18.6TB of the Lightning RAID the advanced RAID of to interface to its These interface and RAID offloading these to Lightning ACP RAID-1+ and RAID-5 RAID). the as of RAID of type or another. the Lightning RAID-1+ and RAID-1+0 RAID-5 Distributed Parity RAID-5 the Lightning of four and Parity) of and Parity). RAID-5 to RAID-1+, RAID-5 information each of If the of that recreated reading back the other the with the parity. Parity information distributed throughout the to the of to from The overhead of RAID-5 to of the of the RAID the of RAID-1+ or RAID-5 and The Lightning allows to expanded The 2D +2D RAID-1+ and 3D 1P and 7D 1P RAID-5 shown Table and of offload to RAID-1+ to
The Lightning with RAID-1+ and RAID-5 arrays. the industry of active High-density (HDD) The the Lightning specially high and performance. Each the industry of active This significantly increased performance.
Lightning Highest the Industry of High-availability (HA) Computing Software It increasingly business to to information Whats often the of service IT to the to the to which or of its function. measured terms of Mean (MTBF) MTBF the Mean to (MTTR). AVAILABILITY MTBF (MTBF+MTTR) that once every hours and of hours to and would rating of This to rating the of o Products Contribute to High-availability Computing factors downtime. The Lightning to as of these factors as redundancy, and software This allows of other locations locally or remotely that the of and procedures and products dramatically to reducing the to operations the of teamed with industry-leading software such as VERITAS Software, to world-class These to the fact that customers and analysts as the highest the industry. The Lightning Advanced Profile Compared to Competitive The with high- computing including: that nondisruptively Active/active instead of or active throughout the with architecture With the of HDD to the to which or of its function. Customers and analysts as the highest the industry.
the of with The Lightning offers of protection than products. The recovery without and operations. and every Mirrored cache write instead of cache IBM Geographically Sysplex (GDPS software with software recovery to without of or High-availability, Hi-Track call-home to the of that highlights of the high-availability that the Lightning other products. High-availability and third-party software such as VERITAS Software, of software known as high-availability to reduce downtime and recovering services of Without high-availability while undetected. Once the detected, action recovery recovery immediately the The recovery without high-availability time-consuming and operations, which include the SCSI restarting reassigning IP recovering and restarting and and products o cache the Lightning If there cache, there With these products there increased of the the The Lightning this and write
There four of high-availability that reduce downtime the of or The Lightning each of rnate Pathing Switches the I/O the of Path This type of switches the I/O to the The Lightning IBM AIX HP UNIX HP-UX and through Microsoft NT and IBM o Path and software family of Hitachi-provided software that server-based, as shown software the of RAID recovery and from server-to-RAID software to I/O activity to the least algorithms. RAID-protected protected which why software operations. This allows to of the Lightning and RAID software therefore increased and performance. include IBM AIX, NT, and LINUX (July software of which of the the of the cluster. This includes the reassignment of and as as the restarting of clustering to and while and Lightning clustering including: HP HP MC/ServiceGuard HP IBM RS6000 and SP HACMP Microsoft NCR UNIX SVR4 IBM ATAP, VERITAS and Advanced and LINUX Lightning Highest the Industry switches the I/O path. software to One of the the of the cluster.
software and distributed Clustering This type of of which Informix XPS, and MPP. that software to to the If the other its clusters allow to With the to or with another instance to purchased and when the of the exceeded. The Lightning with and PDB and The Lightning to and cooling to chassis the the of supply the of such the supply that without to the
Cooling The Lightning cooling to of the The and operation of these the If should without to the cooling Competitive RAID Choices The flexibility choice Lightning RAID protection unmatched. It to choices RAID protection and characteristics of performance, and RAID-1+ offers the highest performance from the operation. RAID-1+ offers the highest performance the of to (and then the of other RAID The Lightning offers the to intermix RAID within the of and performance the hosted the Lightning both RAID-1+ and RAID-5. With the Lightning LUN the LUN as as 46MB or as as 2TB LUSE). Highest the Industry
Unmatched Performance and Performance Based the internal switched architecture, the Lightning shows unmatched performance This chapter the to dramatically (OLTP) users and and OLTP without user The and connectivity to Lightning the the increases. Table shows, that of to Lightning 9980V with existing neither the the existing performance from the of internal and The following of this while to the this phenomenon. User-useable Throughput 9970V 2.6GB/sec 5.3GB/sec 7.9GB/sec 5.3GB/sec Lightning 9980V 5.3GB/sec 10.6GB/sec 15.9GB/sec 10.6GB/sec Competition 1.6GB/sec 1.6GB/sec 1.6GB/sec 1.6GB/sec Switching the of Shared-bus It from that reduction the OLTP performance of the Lightning 9980V This because the Lightning with its architecture, its internally routed each This that the reason performance of shared-bus architecture, with Lightning Although there cache, operations concurrently the cache, the of applications. NO Match the Performance of the Lightning 9980V shown the first of the users connected to the first OLTP and the (TPM) and reached steady about 2200TPM and seconds respectively. OLTP the when and when the with OLTP connected with users, the of users to hour, the first (DSS) started. The DSS of counting records from The the DSS 380MB/sec or second. The and connectivity to Lightning the internal increases. Table Lightning 9980V that of performance with the Lightning
that the of the Lightning 9980V while dramatically increase. overshot the the DSS This using Priority Access software to the throughput At this the OLTP to their 2200TPM each, or 4400TPM The three to together to steady From to of the OLTP to the of the Lightning 9980V the of users to and the TPM to increase from the the first OLTP with TPM of From to of the the and DSS its activity. This of (four OLTP and DSS) caused only reduction the first DSS throughput from of 380MB/sec to the DSS of about 740MB/sec or each. this the OLTP 8800TPM; however, the increased insignificantly to seconds The increase these of recorded three hours, the Lightning 9980V heavy characterized of reads high and reads and writes. the to
Software Best-of-Breed Customers and analysts the Lightning as the advanced products the The Software the of the of leading-edge software products that the Lightning This from PDF to the business of these of software the of that the first the switched architecture and of the Lightning advanced HiCommand software dramatically of ownership (TCO) the to its to of Software from location. Software Information Protects and With Software the to choose the or of that their Software with each business as below. with the to Software include only software TrueNorth The includes software that dramatically complexity, reduce operating and investment (ROI). The HiCommand to the with the Industry Associations (SNIA) Initiative to interoperable framework based the Common Information (CIM) and the Access (SOAP) industry Chapter the with the HiCommand users products that the framework to and existing service software of software including Graph-Track software, FlashAccess software, (VLVI) LUN software, and software. The software eases and allows users to oncoming performance and proactively. VERITAS the physical of users and without PATHLINE Software the advanced The complexity, reduces and ROI
Summary of software products. Lightning Software IBM 9570V HiCommand HiCommand HiCommand Graph-Track FlashAccess (VLVI) LUN Command Interface Resource VERITAS PATHLINE Continuity Remote Copy (HXRC) Hi-Track Geographically Sysplex Protection Services and Recovery VERITAS TANTIA HARBOR Performance Priority Access FlashAccess Access (PAV) (MA) Graph-Track Performance Performance Priority Access Protection Services TANTIA HARBOR OS 9531V 9532V 9533V S/390
the of services, from and provisioning, to Continuity business to or downtime. The Continuity includes software that to to information. software the of information replicating information Lightning replicated within or to geographically locationswith performance. S/390 offers the industrys first to with the testing and of software within Lightning without or affecting of The Continuity protects to information offers of and software which profiled the Software
The and Recovery protects information with sophisticated and information and performance The Hi-Track predictive based software that and the software increases information of and Lightning HXRC allows users to and Lightning and IBM software GDPS, IBM service offering and offers of services to and GDPS based Lightning The SplitSecond to with software and software to that information with integrity. what the software without first-rate consulting services to with Protection Services offered the Services to and software the Continuity and Recovery Backup/Restore the ownership and the to computing. IT enough to of The and Recovery consists of software that allow businesses to and the shortest and with to information software high-performance of to S/390 thereby based The software to directly from to SAN without incurring and I/O overhead teamed with industry to first-rate that the and recovery Through these users and cost-effectively and HARBOR and VERITAS choices to information that fits Performance to information The Performance performance business with software software and the Lightning while offering or assisted This software time-consuming, and with performance efficiency and To further performance, Priority Access software allows users to Lightning this technology. Combining Priority Access software with allows the and reducing Lightning HXRC and IBM.
Priority Access software and that the the highest of service. FlashAccess allows to and easily and information cache user and to performance the of the Lightning Access (HPAV) software S/390 to the information The (MA) software the HPAV software to S/390 Together, HPAV software and MA software reduce which batch and high-transaction Graph-Track software and effective that the to aspects of performance from utility. Through GUI, information to and easily and reporting Graph-Track software or historical information connected Lightning and and to and as to software I/O and recovery the act, software that becomes congested and while another to path, the threat of The Performance includes Performance and software performance The third Priority Access software, with and VERITAS to the highest of service Information to exchanged such as synchronization, warehousing or and testing. Typically, and the batch with increasing of information, often this process. The includes three software that of the related to information software as high performance and platforms. information achieved without the or and the threat of the reduced. combined with FlashAccess software, software information to with widespread and their the with HARBOR to and HARBOR and software the streams through Lightning information and With software, the of to information while they to operations or existing Protection Services incorporates of the Continuity with industry- leading This of services, software, and to the and to both and locations. of The Performance performance business The the transformation of information knowledge.
The C o o and o and The Software of customers their business instead of The advanced initiated, managed, and through the HiCommand The Software coverage of copy/relocation, access/protection, and Customers the freedom to choose the or of their HiCommand Allows of and Software through the of Choice software and through the HiCommand which created to reduce operations and increase business while Through of standards-based interfaces that software or (ISV or IHV) products that the framework. The HiCommand and replication and recovery, performance and and related functionality. with the HiCommand and HiCommand the framework to of HiCommand the first of the HiCommand consists of three the Web-based graphical interface (GUI) and that software functionality. importantly, software other This the architecture and existing software and HiCommand software monitors, and from and based, software the to the IT service- and predictive to forecast reports and and performance The of software and software to and software shown C o With the of SAN and NAS, and The functions o initiated, and rough the Command o software
HiCommand software and software allows of and software from the customers platform of choice. their than they the However, faced with of existing and which clear and approach to It enough to services, such as LUN and to integrated of aspects of of such as SAN switches, and Customers invested heavily and their to existing the allowing to their existing whether they software, or that the Thats why based industry-standard with high-value-add functional such as policy-based and This allows to incorporate offerings to and their HiCommand building-block approach to and business-specific this framework to the
The HiCommand o and o based of products and best-of-breed and software. software to easily with existing and The and integrated of Furthermore, operations the policy-based and easy-to-use GUI interface lowered TCO. Standards-based Approach At the foundation of HiCommand (as shown that allows functional to and Functional incorporated the based of the Common Information (CIM), and the Access (SOAP) that of functional This clear of information and of the and this approach, readily with network-attached and of and other allowing integrated and software this the to the and If to this then its or incorporation relatively straightforward. Another industry (XML), becoming the within XML to the within the CIM only of the clear and of the and integration. creating and architecture these foundational creating and architecture using these three foundational thorough of the HiCommand initiative and the industry found CIM to Customers CIM customers interoperability, creating functional and and to easily. of CIM becomes factor inclusion Without CIM, would to and increasing of CIM HiCommand to and software XML becoming the within integrated
The HiCommand based the CIM and SOAP industry with which to customers, including the the Created De-coupling from SAN Neither customers and Customers that products expanded and to to industry such as CIM. and as Holistic CIM normalized, of these their relationships, and the operations that them. the of the from the to the physical CIM allows to as focused or as to within interoperable their based products, services, and and their locked frameworks incompatible with other SAN Customers who choose and that or functionality (built existing and based the CIM investment protection, choice, purchasing and options.
The HiCommand o and o of the Software Supports Objectives To business the highest of business with IT and performance. The of computing this the of the IT Explosively both and distributed while that to who and software the software therefore, the heart of the to high of performance and to business shown this and software offering together software with those shown Graph-Track SNMP LUN LUN LUN LUN VLVI FlashAccess Shipped with every and Lightning these integrated software to security RAID and who easy-to-use and software and their through graphical interface. The software performance information, such as I/O activity, cache and Protection to authorize users. This protection unauthorized to the of software, and the the and reporting offers breakthrough IT troubleshooters who rapid-fire and to productivity. The following of the and to and Lightning as Table Out-of-band attached to the internal LAN LAN), which to the service of Product O/S IBM S/390 Table Summary of and the products they software the easy-to-use performance and software. Out-of-band security, accessibility, and
and the LAN), which allows users to the software SNMP with Platforms The software Network (SNMP). SNMP the the marketplace. Information to SNMP Information (MIBs) with the software or the VERITAS IBM CA or HP With CA Unicenter, MIBs allows the of the or reporting using CA commands. This out-of-band that software the of the The browsers, such as and These the Microsoft and operating and interface the Lightning and Remote which based the of The Lightning and that logically cards. Each physical or HSD each with its of Hosts matched to their assigned HSD based World (WWNs) LUN security software, which to based WWNs. this software LUN the and LUN and LUN Software Simplifies and Staffing Costs LUN software With LUN software, and maintained. There the to and LUN software includes easy-to-use, GUI-based interface that allows the of the of assignments, or the of the service information LUN software to LUN, of and Windows-based PC connected to the LAN, LUN software LUN software features that dramatically LUN flexibility. to Out-of-band to the that which from the In-band would with
The HiCommand o and o the operating as LUN. This there to of protection, and security. LUN information, while LUN information and users, and of these Software software to or SAN This users to to those which they authorized, as shown software the allows to each physical the HSD consists of and associated of that from the physical routed to the within the HSD based the WWN of the host. The creates the HSD, the of the within that HSD, and the to appear within that HSD. Then the authorizes to HSD that physical assigning the WWN of that to the HSD the WWN to to the HSD, the reduce through physical
software to from unauthorized access. WWN only assigned to HSD each software to authorize to HSD. software further to or to within the HSD, based the WWN of the host. software to to physical HSD to with the of within reaching LUN and LUN Software LUN software allows to fixed-size the software, of to each LUN. LUN software performance reducing as as which when located LUN within each RAID group. LUN software to the physical of the while reducing the amount of to I/O LUN software with FlashAccess software, the performance than when LUN software or FlashAccess software The LUN allows to that expanding the of selected LUN. The 2TB. FlashAccess o Allows to and Unlocked On-the-fly The FlashAccess software allows users to lock and cache and write then
The HiCommand o and o cache with With FlashAccess software, of cache memory allocated to or FlashAccess software and easily. the LUN cache as as or as as increased flexibility, FlashAccess software offers of operation. The Remote as which that (JVM). The Remote PC the Remote and attached to the Lightning TCP/IP (LAN). Remote and the service (SVP), the Remote from the SVP to the Remote and the of the PC. this the Remote with the attached Lightning TCP/IP attached to the Lightning and internal LAN LAN), which to the of and the LAN), which allows to the Remote functions from Remote The Remote directly with the SVP of each attached to and information and commands to the The Lightning Remote downloaded to the Remote from the SVP each the Remote to the SVP. The Remote browsers, such as and which the Microsoft NT and operating to interface the Lightning Remote Graph-Tr o the Guesswork of Performance the of the software of the software the Graph-Track GUI as and and while point-and-click and o further its ease of Track o and effortlessly, other and reporting Graph-Track software users and to performance. S/390, UNIX, NT, and this performance and information the of The GUI-oriented Graph-Track shown PC attached to LAN, Graph-Track software displays or historical connected Lightning users and processing. With Graph-Track software, and the of each activity operations. It
The GUI interface Graph-Track software performance VLVI software performance. activity the to the reporting cache-usage function, and This that operations, and the the that to Graph-Track software highlights cache information. read/write and read-hit connected to Graph-Track software separately. Software S/390 Allows to o C o o (VLVI) software that Lightning allowing users to LVI of LVI. as as or as as Each VLVI physical with of Lightning of within array-group with to them to LVI. This array-group capacity and flexibility. VLVI software performance reducing and It performance the to the The to FlashAccess software operations S/390 commands from the S/390 to the
Performance, and with the Investment Investment that investment to IT and software as "best-of-breed" investment. and appeared to cost-effective IT to to real-world information operating With this the investment that IT of investment (ROI) industry and coaching that allows to the and of and With these advanced analytical service that the the and Cold, facts purchase Thats why the such the to simplify, protect, and, the that the business of the Since ROI or that and Conservative, and within these These and the ROI them based The Three Phases: Phase Preparation. or conducted to the to the approach, and Phase three Includes of facts the and IT Assimilation The the information, and The and the and collected and and To white covering the and SAN please to o ROI and The business
To please Phase The business that the ROI of the and the with other The On-site the Facts to The conducted the customers to the gathering and and workshops to and the customers and IT The following to the ROI process: of rates Depreciation Rate of and/or lease terms of or Corporate with and of and BTU of of $/GB and and of (typically Microsoft NT exclusively (NFS, CIFS mounted Hourly of scheduled and downtime (opportunity and software and and Reports Both IT and of the and the that ROI ROI and business and technical The and that to ROI and business The ROI and that to and
Services Consistently One the Industry numerous IT services organizations, the highest terms of "Service Responsiveness" the characteristic that allows the renowned Services and Services organizations to that products performance to and software the Services The Services offer one-stop services to Highly closely with to that the of existing IT and to computing and that the least to business. It to The to the of and and with SCSI and ESCON and FICON the connectivity, and to this built-in the Services to the of software, and the Services three basic of service Protection and Each of the services these three business and ROI whether through operations, reducing or interoperability. The Services chart both the and to and Whether with business and DFSMS performance/capacity about platforms and architectures, or of IT the and the to the business of the service offerings highlighted The HiCommand Service The HiCommand Service Service) to the to the of software. workshop approach, the Service the to and the Web-based GUI and HiScan of basic and to functionality. Service PATHLINE The Service PATHLINE and installation to PATHLINE software and Services connectivity, and
to of and Services the complexity of to the then and PATHLINE the of the and of the PATHLINE the service. Protection Replication and Service The Replication and Service high-level of as as of and performance characteristics that replication the Services of the to to and Service Software Service Software technical with and of system-based, software. The service both and and with and already replication. Service Software Service Software and controller-based, software to replication including and recovery, testing and business continuity, and recovery. The service both and and individually tailored to Service Software Service Software with the and of based, software both and Services customers with the and of software and of operations. Service Software Service Software the and of system-based, software with and recovery both and Services with the and of software of operations, and the of operations with and recovery mechanisms.
Recovery Service Microsoft The SplitSecond Recovery Service Microsoft and software service that to business that the recovery or the of SplitSecond software the of software and Command Interface (CCI) incorporating technology, software, and the Services and knowledge of operating and applications, the SplitSecond service that Lightning and Lightning with applications. SplitSecond Recovery Service Microsoft SQL Recovery Service Microsoft SQL and software service that to business that the recovery of and the of software the of software and Command Interface (CCI) incorporating software and the Services and knowledge of operating and the SplitSecond SQL service that the Lightning and with Service The Service to and the and The Service increases the and of information through of and reports which the of information Through this service, the OBTAIN that to IBM S/390 and and as as other power-related The built-in of products further the Services to the of the customers architecture. and Service The and Service to and/or ESCON FICON and This service such as the of or and such as to existing The and Service includes and of patch trays, as as other and services. Through this service, based connectivity and SAN Services both and MVS and recovery.
Service FICON The Service FICON and service to the of FICON This service investments the physical and associated with the FICON to with and FICON Once the service customers only the technical information to FICON of the associated related to the and Service The and Service of existing performance characteristics, and The to the to and network (SAN) The of this service to and of the Service The Service services using and software. The of this service to of to created with the and Service. Migration Service The Migration Service inventory of customer's existing and matches this to the customers This then to the the of the customers existing to or The of this service the of the customers to Migration Service The Migration Service the of existing to the of action this services the Migration Service. The of this service to of from the to SAN Services offers of that and to the and of the The services The Services highly of SAN specialists to and them SAN Service SAN Service SAN Service Advanced SAN Service SAN Health Service
of Terms Ethernet with of as Ethernet with of AG Group. ACP The of PCB that the physical of the four FC-AL ACP of such as to redundancy and performance. or that computing as the of and that there to service action, and of to operations API Application Interface or API of that allow software to interface to the to three) and to three) right of the 9980V housing (high and The physical of of RAID used. Asynchronous Remote Copy The of that with clocking or other The and the information when becomes Synchronous exactly of when the of character located using clocking such as encoding. Synchronous Copy and
to the to which or of its function. measured of Mean (MTBF) MTBF the Mean to (MTTR). The as follows: AVAILABILITY MTBF (MTBF+MTTR). that once hours and of hours to and would rating of This would to rating the of 9s. of that and text character. reference to arrays, the back includes the and to the On the Lightning these the ACP the and the This and to with (as MB or GB). Interruption whether service or that the of business operations location. CA The CA the cache boards and to the Switch (CSW). CARB memory the Switch (CSW) to to cache. (pronounced cash) on-chip memory L2 cache), section of memory or cache), or high-speed cache). of commonly computers: memory and caching dramatically the performance of applications, of RAM thousands of than found the cache, cache and the of cache its
CHA CHIP Interface CHSN Hierarchical CHT interfaces). Architecture Architecture architecture which each or the or or to or or workstations which users such as and CMA Memory CMHSN Memory, Hierarchical Consistency software of the The or the of the Lightning 9980V housing the switch, cache, and interface cards. CPU CPU Processing Unit. It to such as the SPARC or the or to or and CPU board. CSW Switch. specially switch the Lightning These switches. o
CTQ Command-Tag DA The the CHT and the cache boards to the front DAS Direct Attached to the to which of to its users. Copy that to and DD Director. Duplication Software that as or snapshots. from that with the of the there of and with there Migration Software Software that from to another. This from that the of the there only of Recovery Recovery the profession that to and to services It the of to to services recovery to organization's business Downtime or downtime usually and downtime includes business interruptions or Interruptions, Recovery, Continuity (BCP), and DR Recovery.
DRR Recovery and DSS Decision that to the of business such as warehousing, OLAP, and others. DTA ECC correction ESA/390 S/390 ESA/390 IBM architecture and that follow this architecture include the IBM ES/9000 family. IBM the to ESCON architecture IBM ESA/390 peripheral interface or The I/O interface ESA/390 interface that attached to ESCON based ESCON fiber-optic to or ESCON and other to to ESCON Director I/O interface switch that allows the of ESCON interfaces distributed-star Ethernet Network (LAN) with and Ethernet or topology and of or The Ethernet the of the IEEE which the physical and software layers. Ethernet the CSMA/CD and of the implemented LAN Ethernet known as o
SCSI Copy the SCSI that allows the of without the of the The Lightning this command, which such as VERITAS to and LANfree of three topology, (N_Ports) connected to (F_Ports) switch. Switch. or the routing of to when the first Ethernet or the IEEE that with existing installations, the CSMA/CD (MAC) write operation cache that of to The writes the directly to cache, to or to both. The then (writing to write reduces the the I/O operation to FC FCA FC-AL the of the three of cost-effective of connecting to without the switch. and Switch.
Networks its (SAN) and attached (NAS) the Networks. architecture that SAN and NAS and offers organizations freedom of choice and the through advanced SAN and NAS .With customers that the of and increased and the to back and without affecting the performance of ANSI to high-speed workstations, computers, and of switched topology of SAN the Industry Association (SNIA). The attracted as the of as high-speed (FC-AL), or switched with each other and the switch to operating information and characteristics. This information includes and IDs and to establish FICON FICON IBM (ESCON The of copying that or to another or to as This protection the active as to Remote reference to the front to the interfaces or to the the servicing these and the cache memory. On the the front consists of CHIP GB o
Ethernet that Ethernet wire) or There of the Ethernet that early GUI GUI that to Graphical Interface, which the software that the to HARBOR Backup/Recovery with Backup/Recovery (HBR) software offered that or channel-based of to IBM OS/390 graphical interface. backup/recovery of and (ERP) optional. Microsoft IBM OS/2 UNIX NetWare and HP VMS platforms. High-speed and other channel-based HARBOR This software and OS/390 and using high-speed ESCON FICON or It thought of as very-high-speed FTP that High performance allowing to concurrently. with routing, and from of Ease of interface, and of functions from OS/390. HDD High-density Used the Lightning The Migration Service Service that users from existing to while the applications. features four-phase that includes and and to within Lightning and to performance
family of software that RAID and from RAID This allows to of the Lightning SCSI and RAID therefore increased and performance. platforms include IBM AIX and NT FlashAccess FlashAccess software allows specified (usually high-access) to or permanently cache memory they the algorithms of the The FlashAccess the Lightning IBM S/390 or FlashAccess software the that allows the creation, and of the FlashAccess software. Graph-Track Graph-Track software the that of and network and graphical reports performance, and Architecture At the heart of the revolutionary architecture, which the cache and LUN LUN software the that allows of LUN and Backup/Restore software channel-based of which investment software, and high-performance, high-bandwidth One of software each o
Sharing built right the With Lightning UNIX or Microsoft NT and S/390 platforms. platforms lowers of ownership, and the of Priority Priority Access the of of service the physical or the within physical Recovery The Recovery IBM S/390 -attached Asynchronous S/390, and This facility to from of S/390-attached to another with and without user platform the Lightning with to recover their following software the and of S/390 and hosts. software software and the following HP/UX IBM AIX HP UNIX IBM SGI IRIX NCR UNIX SVR4, and Microsoft NT of software that together Graph-Track (VLVI) FlashAccess and LUN software to (including Lightning or SAN firmware-based software that command-line interfaces to to of within Lightning or to Graphic or command-line interfaces replication and resynchronization of or S/390 with asynchronous S/390 to another
or and S/390 computers. This allows that include IBM MVS HP/UX, AIX, Solaris, UNIX, SGI IRIX, NCR, UNIX SVR4, and One or each the Lightning Each its (or and hosts, which matched to their assigned based their WWNs. LUN, and WWN. HSD (HSD). HSN Hierarchical The technical to the internal (the CHSN and the CMHSN) of the of arrives to the other that SAN HXRC Remote Copy) This IBM XRC host-based software offered asynchronous software, write applications. that investments. three-tier distributed architecture with and that and distributed to back from to that the including to HSM or to or network-attached platforms covered and supported. RDBMS including SAP R/3 Informix Sybase DB2 RDB, and Microsoft SQL and NT registry. o
Inc.s (SAM) software PATHLINE the first application-based SAM software that the of with business and PATHLINE customers efficiently applications-oriented that the complexity of the IP The IP the routing the and other TCP/IP-based IP internetwork that that of FDDI, or ATM. Microsystems software applications. LAN or of that geographically together; this the to building or of LAN connected to other telephone high-speed backbones, and waves. of connected this wide-area (WAN). Lightning The Lightning announced (Lightning 9980V and Lightning 9970V It with its Hierarchical Network switched internal architecture, which to and from the to shared-bus architectures. The Lightning each four physical Each physical (HSD), which of matched to assigned based WWNs. Unit The SCSI
Unit LUN. The associated with typically or as physical although directly with physical LUN Unit or Unit SCSI the field that to LPAR LPAR or IBM ESA/390 of that the that the ESA/390 architecture. ESA/390 architecture this when than LPAR established ESA/390 LPAR to that the LPAR to or physical tightly coupled the LPAR operating to the LUSE LUN This Lightning allows to combined to LRU Least Recently Used. that chooses to the from which the its access. Least Recently Used algorithms The Lightning LRU memory) that chronicles the of of memory. MAN Networks within which might, city government. MIB Information of information that reported to SNMP Its to MIPS of Instructions (or MIPS) rough of performance within the of o
about as the CM-HSM and the Memory of the Lightning Mirrored or that the The operating software to them as and reads from and writes to both when RAID-1 Mirroring to the of writing to usually to high of the Mirroring or software based. MPLF The Lightning the Path Facility (MPLF) the IBM highest performance operating TPF. TPF or VM, MPLF high performance record- locking that and write to the without with each other. TPF. MTBF Mean commonly of reliability, usually hours. typically MTTR of hours or MTTR Mean To Includes the to the or and the to users. MTBF. of the Lightning that to without to in-flight to there recovery the of NAS Network Attached or NAS of that allows to the UNIX of Microsoft
NDMP Network (NDMP) based of network-attached NDMP the interfaces from third-party software that allows this software to NDMP the NVM Memory to to backed DRAM that the of NVRAM Access Memory such as RAM the that to the memory chips. licensed OBTAIN software, which and Knowledge Flow Corporation. OBTAIN software to IBM S/390 and and as as other power-related OLTP Transaction Processing. interactive users of with characteristics that comply with throughout the industry, which therefore, connected to other that with the o
The operating the software that The operating (OS) such as input from to the of and the and peripheral such as and or The OS acts as and the that the The OS security, that unauthorized users the classified as follows: allows or users to the than CPU allows than to concurrently Multi-threading allows of to concurrently usually OS that to input instantly of that the that the information the the as and therefore to as of band. Parity to the of the The RAID to Point-in-Time of that including and checkpoints. POD Performance ID Quality of Service to service (SLAs) users and the IT organization. SLA.
RAID of RAID to increase the of through of the (RAID-1, or through of each the (RAID-3, RAID-5, which information the of RAID the of The Lightning algorithms performance from RAID-5 that with RAID-1. RAID RAID highly securely RAID RAID allow RAID to expanded and of from RAID to another. Recovery The from the to the recovery of the Remote Copy Remote Copy generically to software or that the to from to without Synchronous (typically than and asynchronous LAN/WAN/MAN Remote Copy This to the the of these ESCON or network (T3, ATM, ESCON there of the technologies, such as the OPTERA allowing The that that of SAN to through or Ethernet switches. of SAN as SAN and the Networks of include outboard of and reduced of high-speed subnetworks of SAN architecture that to LAN or WAN. directly of business and released to the o
SCSI Interface. interface that I/O and of high-level I/O commands. There currently of SCSI and clock The of SCSI SCSI SCSI (Fast/Narrow), SCSI SCSI (Fast/Narrow), SCSI SCSI SCSI (Narrow), SCSI the SCSI command, and products VERITAS the offers and LANfree SLA Service or of service and the IT to aspects of IT service, including performance, and Snapshot that to of Snapshots and recovery. SNMP Network SNMP SNMP that to from simple-to-sophisticated SNMP workstations. The UNIX operating based V, release RAID when or written to or from instead of reading or writing to higher performance through its SVP Service of the Lightning SWAN interconnected They and ESCON
Switch switch that and LAN Synchronous Synchronous when the of with clocking or other The and to with another the and the clock the creating exactly of from the to the of such encoding. Synchronous character or oriented. Character oriented to of characters, such as those found ASCII (American Information Bit-oriented the of Remote Copy and TCO of ownership or TCO industry of the of operating TCO includes overhead, TCP or TCP of the TCP/IP It IP the and services connection-oriented TCP IP to information and the of IP, of services that IP TCP and IP and IP them the VERITAS California software that and and software products of UNIX and Microsoft platforms. (VLVI) software the that allows RAID and rebuild, and abort operations. RAID and o
IBM ESA/390 the information recorded or recording Indirectly, to the of recording On such as the indirectly, to the that associated with the to the the to as WAN or of that geographically and connected waves, telephone or high-speed backbones. Workload I/O to the of to the Lightning or to WWN World Name(s) or WWN(s) to eight-byte assigned to each that as The WWN memory and the of the or as It to HBAs, switches, or that interface to XRC Remote The IBM of software asynchronous that integrity. HXRC and operating
Worldwide Offices www.hds.com Corporate Headquarters Expressway California U.S.A. Headquarters Shell Tower Matheson Street Causeway Australia/New Headquarters North NSW Headquarters M2J 5A9 www.hds.com Headquarters Sefton Buckinghamshire SL2 4HD United America Headquarters Expressway, MS California U.S.A. U.S. Headquarters Expressway California U.S.A. with the U.S. and Office as and service of The and service of Hi-Track service and Lightning HiCommand, Graph-Track, FlashAccess, Lightning 9970V, 9980V, TrueNorth, SplitSecond, HiScan and of Corporation. other and service the property of their respective owners. Notice: This informational only, and forth warranty, or implied, concerning or service offered or to offered This that with and that and features that currently office information and and its products to terms and including warranties. To of these terms and to purchase or please to or to If purchase or the to these terms and Corporation DISK-437-02