52E-9011-3 TG-G HMS052008 Copyright C rights Printed INSTRUCTION MANUAL SCANNING ELECTRON MICROSCOPE Edition) Please through this using the using the the instructions and this to whenever FOR MODEL S-3400N
NOTICE: Information this to without This copyrighted High-Technologies Corporation with rights of this reproduced, transmitted or to third or without the written of High-Technologies Corporation. High-Technologies Corporation indirect, or from this when the This warranty or or rights to and without
APPLICATION The S-3400N SEM 300V to The observation and of the SEM. CAUTION The to the Radiation Preventive or Radiation Preventive Regulations currently throughout the the to The the ICRP (International Radiation Prevention), however, clearly that the the amount of as byproduct. From therefore, to the account the following the within the specified the or instruction that or caused of the this the with covers or these apply which possibly deactivation of the built-in FOREWORD FOREWORD
the this instruction and instruction of to operation of the of Instruction This instruction the following: and Items to Function of Operation and Photographs) (Procedures, Troubleshooting, and Action Accessory This instruction the operation, and to operation the S-3400N and with the the and of Microsoft U.S.A. XP of Microsoft U.S.A. Microsoft EXCEL of Microsoft U.S.A. that the indicated this below this SEM Scanning WD SE Secondary BSE Backscattered PC GUI Graphical Interface FOREWORD
GUARANTEE of The charge-free year from the of installation. of The repaired of malfunctions to within the charge-free that or with instead of as and which the of procedures to allow operation years its this the of or rather such as and the purchase of of the of the which when than years basically as as the and from The the following and/or the charge-free to improperly to supply other than specified or to or of the to contained or the of or of to or the atmosphere. to disassembly, or relocation and of to of the instruction to acts of including fire, earthquake, riot, insurrection, or with FOREWORD
GUARANTEE of or of basic software, software or other to of the PC with the or to basic software, software and/or because of caused or of the PC with the or to software, software and/or caused turning off the PC without the termination the that covered this operating or employing operating procedures covered the or of the to repairs of or service authorized of the to relocation or of the installation, or the of service authorized of the of the warranty, covered operating HITACHI SCIENCE SYSTEMS, LTD. MAKE NO GUARANTEES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED HEREIN, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THEREOF, GUARANTEES AS TO MARKETABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL HITACHI SCIENCE SYSTEMS, LTD. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE, OR LOSSES OR EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCT OR THE USE OF ANY PRODUCT. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY HITACHI SCIENCE SYSTEMS, LTD., ITS DEALERS, DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE GUARANTEE OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS GUARANTEE. FOREWORD
INSTALLATION AND AFTER-SALES SERVICE the who trained of the allowed to the to section and the another charge. service Service service of the the or service charge. service the service with to and inspection service CAUTION ON DISPOSAL OF INSTRUMENT Although the that directly the to and/or to when to of the FOREWORD
service offers of its or the and to and operations of the to its performance. Please about the of the and to them. Applicants of Chemicals The and of chemicals cleaning of the with Follow the instructions and of chemicals. Instruction This instruction and those instruction without the copyright of this instruction or copying of or of this instruction allowed without written FOREWORD
operating the the following instructions indicated with the following headings combining the Warning, and and heading This the to that to To the or death, that following the DANGER Indicates that, death or serious injury. WARNING Indicates which, death or serious CAUTION Indicates that, or or or serious of IMPORTANT Indicates that, property to the operation indicated with the following headings: NOTICE Indicates information and SAFETY
the this the operating and to its Precautions The operating should ready and reference. The should to the procedures this to the safety-related instructions this and them. to the indicated the or the to such or to the operating instructions the and those its operating of the non-specified this or action other than as this the field The of the when using chemicals. health operations the the continuously hours fatigue-related the operation the of should established and implemented. that the this or the cover as to and and The instructions should strictly. to observation and SAFETY
Precautions the the off the If when the used, such as or immediately off the the and other that the and the HS Service Installation, and Relocations To the and of the from Service or trained and of the when the of the please that nothing the that to with the the with to malfunction and If anything or of the ordinary, please the with the office servicing installation, or the Service Servicing operations to the to the items covered this operating services should with of the information contained the To malfunction, or operations covered the should To below-standard performance to the should installation. If the to or please the Service SAFETY
this and where they below. This that from the Rotary If abnormally the Touching burns. the the of (Chapter from Touching the Assembly the assembly replaced, as Touching burns. assembly, off the and the assembly or the the using heatproof of the specification. (Chapter of Shock to AC and DC this or shock. the covers of and and or while the turned There of or serious to shock. (Chapter the Warning SAFETY
from Splashing The of the off the motion the to splash, causing off the directly front of the Turn the cock slowly. (Chapter Warning SAFETY
to of operating the while the the hours the the or health, when operating the hours, to every hour or to and Operation) from The heavy the the of or To the the from the The heavy (Chapter the should least to or from caught. The heavy as as (Chapter or relocation of the or service authorized The should Specifications and from Caught The heavy to the the (Chapter Operation) SAFETY
from Touching the Heated Plates Heated plates Touching burns. the heated plates heated with (Chapter SAFETY
to Warning that to the S-3400N. The of the warning should the Warning should checked, cleaned, and from to that they clearly from If warning and become to to the Service Warning Warning Locations Unit SAFETY
Warning Locations Unit Right (Rear SAFETY
Motion shielding Warning Locations Rotary Top Warning Locations Weight/Compressor SAFETY
SAFETY Warning Locations Unit
Precautions Operation the of the S-3400N About Electricity cleaning of this the following AC V( the V, the the other than or others), to the to V. to Chapter (Specifications and the the to ground based the of country to shock to the high shock or malfunction the the ground with other to ground the The and the malfunction of the might caused when should which and from and protective should the customers The of amounts If or the or the of including anesthesia and SAFETY
Third Partys or Rights third partys of rights or with to products through the of or its related or to of the Light The CD-ROM or CD-R/W the with The with with including International (IEC) With to the the with performance U.S. governmental Class The light; the of and Therefore to the following when operating with to the There user-serviceable or procedures with the other than those specified Allow service to the Information: type: Wavelength: than or inches Chemicals This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to and or other Precautions SAFETY
Precautions Operation of Trouble-free operation the You recommended to the (FD) or (MO) About Applications Software Protection Other software should the PC that of this software to the and with the of the The warranty where the to properly to the of other software. that the PC to or to to offer protection and or other infected infection. that once infects the PC, to other through Therefore, or that suspected of containing If there of infection, The to and his or responsibility. however, that of incorrect of the S-3400N If or when the S-3400N It to the the group, or to terminate the the S-3400N SAFETY
Precautions About the following of PC. These the operation of the S-3400N SEM to the USB This USB the PC and the internal The USB assigned to the Therefore, or to connected to USB that to users to to the and to the refresh other refresh or This operates using DLL with the of the directory or of the registry and the The to the and to with the of the using the the following only the screen of the The operation of the other than the guaranteed. Protection should Protection SEM to properly when the from the If to when the option to from the S-3400N should used. of SAFETY
the It the PC and internal memory the memory to SEM should or or The of or the SEM and the Reference SEM If such the offending should using the Function of the Batch of SEM such the From function. SAFETY
OS S-3400N SEM Although the launched from the or operation, or or while the S-3400N normally when recovered from such S-3400N of such necessary. USB Devices Precautions Operation USB such as of the following. USB the to to Terminate S-3400N when carrying formatting or copying of to MO or other using USB the operation, the USB connected shown. such S-3400N operation. If this appears, the PC, off the switch the seconds, and then the turning the SAFETY
Network The PC with Ethernet connectivity. Performing the Ethernet knowledge of the should with the Network Connecting to Ethernet or service service included as of the should as necessary. to About this chapter. the PC should with Unwittingly the the operation of the the software should network software the and connecting to please the or the Service that Connecting to such as EDX, optional interface the of Etherport. Therefore, to other than branching should procured. with which should with servicing the Microsoft TCP/IP IP which should with Network Connecting to such as EDX, another IP specifically to that NOTICE The to protection his or with to the It to Protection of or of basic this chapter. software, software or other to SAFETY
Other Applications (PC) Precautions Operation the or SEM operation, of off the PC If the PC turned off to or the PC or and therein to the S-3400N and the PC off or You off the appeared, off the switch switch) the S-3400N If the PC reason, to the PC to PC SAFETY
Transportation and Relocation of and The of the which should attempted customer. should with the and of the holding the The of the of Should the the might off and crash. Hence, recommended to the and the when the when the the which the should the following to Humidity: or If the the chamber should instead of to the atmosphere. SAFETY
of XP Professional Service S-3400N of February OS of the the PC-SEM XP Professional Service (SP2). SP2, security function strengthening to of the correction published the The of SP2 when PC-SEM shipped from factory as follows. The factory when PC-SEM the this of Security Click and Click Security The to ON. this to the following Click the Security The Security Additional Information of PC PC
The as shown the below. To to the Advanced and the button. The PC
Click the Security or the Updates the The Security Select or them." The PC
Protection The software SP2, the software or the of the when OS the shipped from factory, the Protection as follows that the displayed. Click the the Security The Security "I that and the OK The PC
tested the following software that the of PC-SEM, and confirmed that the SEM software operates correctly (as of February Symantec Symantec Norton above-mentioned software. The to protection his or with to the It of or of software, software or other to Other the shipped from factory, the as follows. Memberships Application PC-SEM Not Used operation of SEM. hitachi Used SEM Used of SEM. It to and "PC-SEM". of the to the instruction the Memberships to or Users" when account. The software normally, when to "Users". of Right-click and the Background: (Click the On Turn off Turn off hibernates: everything to PC
Appearance and buttons: XP Effects: (Click the Effects the following to smooth of (If when the SEM with high brightness displayed, the character of the becomes to Highest refresh (Click the Advanced and the (LCD) of The of the XP PC-SEM of C and D. the of the SEM to D. To the of when or user to to the of Everyone to To D, The of the "Everyone" to that or to to If this might to written the with the SEM and forth to the to the following the this the who about the of Select the and the Select the the and the of (Recommended)" the Advanced and then the OK Select and right-click the and then the displayed the Security the and Everyone* the or Then the Allow the Everyone Then the Allow of the the Everyone If there Everyone the or to the following procedures. Click the Click the Advanced the displayed Select or Click the then the appear. Select Everyone from the and then the OK PC
of the shipped from factory, the of the the following. There the of the SEM software this (Right-click the and the (Select the the and Properties) Select of BIOS that the of BIOS might each of PC. The following the of HP (as of February the PC. Press the F10 while the of "HP" the The the first. Select English and the The displayed. Select "Advanced", and then option" and the the The displayed. Select and the to Then seconds)", and the to the Then "Hyper-Threading", and the to the Then the F10 Select "Advanced" the and then and the to pressing the The displayed. Select State and the Then the F10 Select the and then and and then the The displayed, and then the F10 PC
SPECIFICATIONS AND INSTALLATION REQUIREMENTS Specifications Secondary high high Backscattered to (Highest and lowest WD and type hairpin Acceleration to switching and continuously Beam two-stage as when the Three-stage reduction correcting XY Scanning Two-stage and or (WD WD (TOA) Detector and types: Secondary secondary (high Quad-type backscattered backscattered (High/low
Specifications of motion: to to (WD): to (rotation): to R) II of motion: to to (WD): to (rotation): -20to With With R) of to (TMP) high Rotary TMP back Function the PC Observation or 19-inch LCD of Small-screen with
Scanning TV/FAST Reduced High-definition Scanning TV FAST Reduced High-definition supply synchronization: brightness (ABCC) (AFC) (ASF) (AFS) beam (ABA) (ABS) (AAA) to function: S/N (TV/FAST scanning) S/N of integrated (TV, FAST, SLOW1 scanning) synthesized histogram (brightness processing)
Specifications and Applicable BMP, TIFF, and JPEG Free-layout of SEM and features) Other Beam focusing/tilt factor, WD and switchable (graphics arrows, character input) function and arrow 3D to the PCI input each Rate to V) (TTL) Scanning Selected DBC interface (optional) Protection and and (W) (D)* (H) (W) (D) (H) Rotary (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) of and
the who trained of the allowed to the below. The following or should of the to to Location power-consuming or its Location or high-frequency Atmosphere containing that Location to or location subjected to of ground with other Location or sound Humidity and to 30C (without should than C operation of the and directed the or (without The should operated air-conditioned to Single-phase AC the V, the the other than or others), of the to to the to V. only.
NOTICE: should and allowable. Allowable This "CAT.II". The ELB of the following type. (CE conforming) Rated Short-circuit capacity (Not connected to of than Conforms to IEC/EN Notes concerning that the and of the country/region of required. The the of the its installation. The self-protected secondary or Alternatively the MAIN-ELB overcurrent of the Unit to If the the The secondary and protective earth) connected to terminals of the Unit that M5 and Please the the to the Unit. The the and the of CE the and insulated type with IEC/EN and IEC/EN with the isolation and lock-off/out characteristics the supply to the Unit. This located to the and within easy reach of the It as the the M5 the of the input AC and the of the input Grounding the to ground based the of country. the ground with other to ground the The and the malfunction of the might caused when
Stray when the stray field shown the proceeding to installation, the stray field as required. that the shown the satisfied. If there clutch or other the vicinity of this or field the such location. If the stray the forced to to the field, causing or whisker These whether the of stray with the or Therefore, the allowable of stray field with from that of stray field with (DC The stray field with appears as or the CRT This the synchronization with the The allowable of stray field with specified that to CD reproducibility. The stray field asynchronous with affects directly. That of the to appears as or whisker field of the The allowable of stray field asynchronous with specified that CD affected or whisker The the scanning to whether the stray field the or and the allowable each of these below the allowable the (high observation and from these. the stray field the the allowable the of stray field (wavering of to the of the the other The increases nearly proportionally to the
of Stray Synchronous with (AC field) Appearance of DC field Effect of Stray Asynchronous with (DC C Amount of C A: B:
Table Allowable Stray DC AC to Conditions Direction Direction Direction Direction Accelerating WD Beam Accelerating WD Beam NOTICE: The (AC field) To the allowable the The DC of stray field with to with as field The allowable AC the the or of of and the specified The allowable DC field the the or whisker of and the specified The DC of stray field without of the and the the amount around T. The allowable Table the the the the the WD or the the the the beam to stray field If the allowable Table exceeded, the stray field reduced of the countermeasures below: location. shielding active
the the the allowable Table the resolution/photographing If the the first of reinforced-concrete building, the performance of the as as such as heavy-duty or operated nearby. the the (or as that the shown the satisfied. the Table Allowable Allowable (low-frequency X, Allowable (high-frequency X, Y, II Allowable (low-frequency X,
Acceleration the as the The allowable the the of and the photograph. NOTICE: should If other than wave, should with each of than with the vibration-isolating from to should through each allowable If the allowable please that should measured The above-mentioned allowable the with of The the to the of and the the allowable and when as Table or its or, heavy-duty type. selecting the therefore, whether of interference located or checked. of from the the S-3400N or the located nearby, synchronization with become ineffective. location should II Allowable (high-frequency X, Y,
Sources high combustion Broadcasting that interference other Source Source Flasher with relay, thermostat (warmer, heating type high mercury Phase Thyristor high high high heater, high microwave VHF/UHF or Ground to Trolley wire, internal field flow Other wiper, horn, laboratory of cleaner, food Induction of induction, induction, ground)
Sound Sound waves of the S-3400N of their and To this, that that located the of the S-3400N. If such then as the of increases, the sound and the of the of It therefore to the location of the S-3400N SEM to the of (effective factor) each If the of matches the of the of than the than Allowable Sound (C characteristics) Allowable I) Allowable II) NOTICE: The the where this recorded below. Normal operation to sound. Condition with other than This of EN EN61326 this the that influenced the this allowance this might influenced the and the malfunction of the the where this as to the following that wave such as and of required.
of the (W) (H) of the of Other *The contained to the NOTICE: approximately clearance the and of the or Rotary or or or or or
Customer-supplied Items The items should to the Table Customer-supplied Items coating cleaning cleaning cleaned or the of and Conducting two-side fixing specimens/for fixing Conducting fixing high ea fixing ea and Blower ea cleaning cleaning/ultrasound cleaning of (cleaning) applications) applications)
This chapter the mechanical of the S-3400N SEM and its software. and the appearance of the S-3400N and II. S-3400N Scanning S-3400N Scanning II FUNCTIONS
and Switches Unit and Switches Unit Unit shows the appearance of the S-3400N II). Screws EVAC of the II) NOTICE: the Screws The of the and the first performance might obtained. II AIR Switch EVAC Switch Switch switch) Chamber TrackBall II accessory
the sectional of the S-3400N Sectional of S-3400N BSE Detector Pre-centered type hairpin Beam Deflection SE Detector Chamber
and Switches Unit I) shows the I) [X] within from to [Y] within from to [Z] or WD (Working within from to [R] through (continuously [T] within from to [Touch and This the of the of the (normally as Touch This whether the or the with the chamber The inform with the and the when The measured the the and instead. [R] [T] Touch and [X] [Z] [Y]
II) shows the appearance of II). II) of to of to of WD to of continuously of to Touch and This the of the of the of (normally as (normally as
and Switches Unit EVAC shows the EVAC EVAC Switch/light Switch EVAC switch: The POWER the the and turn to the START to the Releasing the the the ON Returning the to the OFF the seconds. EVAC switch/light: This switch the chamber. The built-in light when the chamber atmospheric the introduced, the light or this switch acts as AIR switch/light. N-MODE light: This light when the VP-SEM selected. VACUUM MODE PUMP light: This light, which the operating of the (TMP), when the TMP accelerating, and when the steady N-MODE Light AIR Switch/light PUMP Light
shows the of TMP: the chamber RP: Rotary V1-V7: NV: S.E.C (OPTION) GV NV V5 V4 V2 V6 V1 V3 TMP VALVE V9 V8 V7 V10 R.P R.P 2(OPTION) (DRY POMP) (DRY POMP)
and Switches Unit Distribution shows of the located the back of the Distribution MAIN ELB: At it ON. Turn OFF shutdown. FFB1 STAGE: the the II This which should normally turned OFF. FFB2 DISPLAY: the supply Normally this ON. Turn OFF shutdown. FFB2 DISPLAY MAIN ELB FFB1 STAGE
and Switches Unit shows the Unit PC: SEM of the of PC. of the to instruction of the of the to without the operation switch: switch of of PC with the switch. to the switch off PC using PC the
and Switches Unit PC Computer) shows the front of the PC. the photograph below the as the that actually PC PC switch: switch of PC. Usually the switch used. The the PC that ON when the EVAC switch turned to the START and it OFF when FD to or while the CD-ROM CD-ROM that accessed. FD Unit CD-ROM Unit PC Switch Accessing
shows the operation section [X], [Y] correction the optics these section and section Brightness/Contrast section [Brightness] brightness [Contrast] Section Section Section Brightness/Contrast Section
and Switches Unit and Trackball shows the The buttons, and shows the trackball It and operation of II Trackball Unit The field of the which the rotated. It to the of motion Optional Direction switch: the switch to the and turning the the to the switch to the and turning the the to the switch the Right and Direction Switch
Graphical Interface (GUI) the PC and the S-3400 the following to to XP. the PC the switch to the and The PC automatically. appear. Press Ctrl and (This shown or of SEM Then the XP appear. the and assigned to each to the the "S-3400" should used. "S-3400" NOTICE: the the following of XP user S-3400N automatically. S-3400N once terminating PC_SEM the S-3400N operating closing this and restarting PC_SEM from the The double-clicking the shortcut the S-3400
Graphical Interface (GUI) of XP (R) of Microsoft The S-3400 S-3400N At the first of the the "S-3400" and the OK You and input the and the and then the OK NOTICE: The and and to or of once with the the to operation of to the instruction XP (R)
S-3400N SEM shows the operation of the S-3400N Shows the title. the The and the The becomes Normal type. You the Clicking the to button: Terminates the S-3400 and the Clicking the shows pull-down Clicks of the commands the to the command. buttons the Click to the command.
Graphical Interface (GUI) The the the Three of (shown and right). S-3400 and to or right with buttons. The to the right or using the buttons. The to specify whether the to the If the off, the off when the from the the sticking the and shows of the and
the as follows. The of four Cond. and Cond Scanning and related to and It operation type II Optional function Functions to Cond and customized. To Optional command Option to buttons the of to Optional functions the the The of operations that the switch when selected from the the Option or from the of the that when the the Focusing, correction and brightness/contrast operation II X/Y operation as with R, Z, (Coordinates and RISM Clicking the wheel of shows
Graphical Interface (GUI) Shortcut shortcut specified. to Short-cut The includes the following and commands. The includes commands SEM recording, and SEM the SEM to SEM Direct the to (To Direct recording. to Photographs (Option)>. Memory memory photo recording. to Photographs (Option)>. the to Windows-supported PCI to PCI. This when the PCI option Assignment Record These buttons assign the Record the This option to when To to of the the to To the function the SEM to Function>.
SEM operation. The includes commands copying and to the Copy to the to Copy Copy Attribute information to the to Copy Information Text>. Commands operating Optics the Optics of the to the to the Condition the Cond of the and to Condition Memory>. Condition the Cond of the to Condition Memory>. the of the the and brightness of ABCC, and to Condition the Record of the selecting and other recording to Record the Record of the to On/Off and information to to Record Preset The includes commands of II only), functions the operation. to
Graphical Interface (GUI) the This to Normally this function customers. the This the performance of operations, such as focusing and ABCC brightness and to Brightness and focusing. to and Correction>. and correction and focusing. to and Correction>. Assignment These buttons buttons to the Function the to and Correction>. BC BC to Brightness and the the Scan The Scan includes commands scanning or alternately. to the operation, this to and scanning. DM Activates to and Scan Selects to Selecting Scanning Assignment These buttons assign to the buttons. assigned to four buttons. Selecting Scanning
Scan Selects the of from and to The includes commands of optional Processing the Processing to Processing>. histogram of the Brightness and The includes commands and others. Normal to Normal observation). Selects and alternately. to Selects and to Selects and to and displays of to CD If the option the CD brought Option The Option includes commands optional Optional of the Optional of the to Optional Optional of the Optional of function. II. to Optional
Graphical Interface (GUI) Optional of the Optional of operation. to Optional Optional of the Optional operation to Optional Optional the the Optional the Optional AAA the AAA the Optional and the of to integrated Assignment Assigns to the located the of the Switches the of operations that the the and users. The only when with the to the or the the of the to Download this function when the to to Downloading
The includes commands the and others. the to the Scanning to the to conducting the following operation. (AFC) and (ASFC) ABCC (AFS) Beam (ABA) S-3400N SEM operation. Operation the It to the 3D graphics. Index the of Search the search of About S-3400N Indicates the of S-3400N SEM.
Graphical Interface (GUI) Click the of the the to the The includes commands and or (scanning) of when scanning. Photographs (optional). ABCC: brightness and focusing. and correction. Scan Selects the the function. or and or the Switches operation the the the the
when RUN: scanning. Memory Photographs (optional). Print: the PCI to the PC.
Graphical Interface (GUI) the such as observation, and recording. operation the and the Functional the Scan recording Unit Accelerating ON/OFF and Ie Unit that allow the of to the the and chambers), the ON and the and Clicking the ON the the yellow, and the section to the OFF the function EVAC/AIR
Scan Scan Block Used to or scanning. The while To scanning, the Scanning reaches the of the and then this the the section of the shows "Going to and the the displays shows the to the the reached the "Going to process, this Scan buttons (TV1 to Red1 assigned to buttons. of buttons alternately. To assign to each the button. The following shown. Scanning Assignment Select each and OK Selecting Scanning when and to
Graphical Interface (GUI) ABCC brightness/contrast ABCC If the of ABCC the reference brightness and the of the ABCC to SE and BSE AFC than (search (search using higher than correctly where the clear The of the of the there or the or when the charged, properly. ASFC Automatically corrects the and and
activated. The and B/C clicking the At the first click, waveform the The the that the waveform shows The the to B/C waveform and reference displayed of the waveform) and brightness of the waveform). the and of the waveform to within the and reference brightness and obtained. To the and B/C the the shown while the or of the buttons. to Brightness and and and Correction>. the buttons The assigned to the customized. Either the or right-click the or Assignment to assignment below the as shown the below. Assignment
Graphical Interface (GUI) Indicates this the while holding the or right To increase the to the right. To to the the right and the Alternately, the with the right to increase or with the to Clicking the the the function, clicking clicking the the Preset or right-clicking the Preset as shown below. If the indicated the PM displayed the right of the section. Preset
This to Unit with and Displayed the (the the the of the Clicking Scan clicking the the button, or right-clicking the as shown below, which and the process: Unit The which to the currently (with the Scan ON or which conducted irrespective of the (with the Scan OFF
Graphical Interface (GUI) Scan Scan Irrespective of the currently the specified and Speed/Integration Select of TV and and the and Speed/Integration If specified the displayed or the the TV and specified operation, the from to the and of that process, the to Scan Scan This option allows to of the currently each operation, and Speed/Integration the to to the currently If specified the or
Recording This allows to Recording Recording function buttons the recording functions to used, three functions assigned to three buttons The following recording Direct the to the currently Print: the currently to the of the Direct Print: Directly the to the Direct Direct recording. (The effective when the optional photo-recording included.) Memory Memory recording. (The effective when the optional recording included.) PCI to PCI. (The effective when the optional PCI
Graphical Interface (GUI) Clicking Assignment Record or clicking the the Recording or right-clicking the Recording as shown below. From this assigned to three buttons: Recording Function Selection
EVAC/AIR EVAC/AIR Clicking the EVAC initiates the of the chamber. Similarly, clicking the AIR the AIR of the chamber. The to the of the EVAC lights when the chamber the EVAC when the EVAC and other off. the to the of the AIR lights when the chamber the AIR when the AIR and off other EVAC EVAC EVAC chamber chamber HVON/OFF EVAC chamber EVAC EVAC chamber EVAC and LOW-EVAC the currently with the chamber EVAC and other than the items chamber AIR chamber AIR Both EVAC and AIR alternately. The the EVAC/AIR the EVAC EVAC EVAC AIR AIR Enabled
Graphical Interface (GUI) With II the to the (X HOME Z10 If the the (the the the of the the to the (X HOME Z65 If the the (the the the of the !STOP this to when, with incorrect
Screen the the as follows. Right-and-left The Recording, and selection right-left these buttons, right and actions independently. A/B selection ABCC and the operation effective the selected (Brightness and with and separately.) Mixing assigned to right and and the assigned to right and and displayed. the the displays the selected the right Brightness and the the the of the that selected the Selection the off the option. Mixing of assigned to the right and this function assigns (R/G/B) to the to The the right the to right and and then observations. the Mixing Click the to assigned to and (right) to to the If to assigned, the Mixing the to the Although photographed, they Selecting and records the as
Graphical Interface (GUI) The of four The Cond. and to SEM operations. On each specified user-to-user The operating the This displayed when the II (with The following the functions of the that appear the Cond. and The the section Cond
ELECTRON BEAM This allows to the and off, and to the Beam Accelerating selection To directly this or from that clicking Accelerating clicking the and arrows, the Accelerating ON/OFF This the and off. selection You directly this or selecting from that displayed clicking pull-down clicking the and arrows, the the to the right or the clicking the of the the selection ON/OFF selection
Graphical Interface (GUI) Focusing (WD) WORKING DISTANCE This allows to focusing Focusing (WD) WD This displays the (the focusing from the selected from the pull-down to the specified The with focusing. This focusing when the of the or when necessary to the WD EDX WD clicking the and arrows, the WD WD The the WD. Also, the with the to the right and the WD. clicking the of the the WD This to the WD such as EDX This WD without the the WD WD WD
VACUUM MODE This to switch and VACUUM MODE selection This switches the VP-SEM and SEM If the VP-SEM selected, the to the specified the option the This shows the the chamber terms of and This and displays the that specified the VP-SEM The allowable of from to selection
Graphical Interface (GUI) SCAN MODE This the Scan SCAN MODE observation of the as the This the and the and the specified the Used of the This the and Scans the beam selected the to this that allows as the specified than the Another that reduces the of with the stationary This the and Scan
CONDITION LOAD/SAVE This and observation and the operating CONDITION LOAD/SAVE This the Cond. the the This the Cond. the the This the SCREEN MODE Selects SCREEN MODE Scanning displayed. the to or observation. Scanning displayed with of and
Graphical Interface (GUI) DETECTOR This switches and DETECTOR Detector selection This switches ABCC If this checked, switching ABCC With the BSE selected, switching the BSE or ABCC Detector-only If detector-only selected the DETECTOR the displayed this The the where BSE selected. IMAGE SHIFT Indicates the of with Clicking the the of the IMAGE SHIFT Detector selection ABCC Detector
R.ROTATION The rotates the of the displayed rotating the of the R.ROTATION Rotation ON/OFF Clicking this and it rotation. Rotation display/set This displays the of rotation. from the and the the to that the to the right and with the the of continuously. clicking the of the the clicking the right and arrows, the of rotation Rotation ON/OFF Rotation display/set
Graphical Interface (GUI) SIGNAL PROCESSING to the SIGNAL PROCESSING Processing selection Selects processing. Smooth: Effective of high where the beam than of sharpness. Increases sharpness of It increase when the Edge Enhance: than inversion. correction. to selection Selects intensity. NOTICE: The to with function. The when operating with It to apply to SEM Processing selection selection
DATA ENTRY and graphics the DATA ENTRY to Entry Function>. TILT COMPENSATION and the the to the TILT COMPENSATION Checking the focusing (the function that the focusing with the process). The and the to that the the The of that both and of These should the the
Graphical Interface (GUI) the the to from such that the appears the of The function corrects this factor that the the of to the where there Checking the Comp. this function. The and the to the the to the Rotation, and Compensation>. Other Clicking this the Optics of the This the and Show/Select brightness and shown around the when the checked. The which crosshair appearing the of shown when the
the Scanning operation and provided. Functions switched to the following using the the Option or the the that when the clicked the Focus/Stigma/Contrast/Brightness (X, Y, R, T, Z) and (X, Y, R) and with and operation Focus/Stigma/Contrast/Brightness The of to its as shown below. (Focus/stigma/contrast/brightness)
Graphical Interface (GUI) while right while (X): while (Y): while right Brightness while while right the the the It to with these scrollbars. Brightness and
and shown below appear the II (X, Y, R, T, Z) II (X, Y, R) II with
Graphical Interface (GUI) It operation. the or right The to to while holding the and then release the If the the of the the and the to the of II with to Used to the operation The four To the the following operation. Click the the of the Select following commands from the Optics Optics Condition Load: Cond Condition Cond Condition: Record Record Click the the Cond of the Click the Load/Save the Cond of the Clicking Accelerating the and the Optics to and
Optics The Optics operating of the ELECTRON BEAM Optics and This function to the ELECTRON BEAM the Indicates the the and the to which the to heated. The should to slightly below the the The AFS function AFS three and high, and the following
Graphical Interface (GUI) that the High: High (when the to the the AFS the improperly or specified to flow when applied. This which to the The function when the Normally this should The operation of the Beam ABS function, which when the ABS clicked. It recommended that ABS turned whenever This which functionally to the ELECTRON BEAM the Focusing (WD) WORKING DISTANCE This button, which focusing (WD), functionally to the WORKING DISTANCE the The operation of the field the greatly, of or of the to of the focusing field. Click the following of without of WD or their respective the when WD the WORKING DISTANCE when the or when selected. NOTICE: The F2 operation.
The operating with to observation. ABCC (SE/BSE) If the of ABCC the reference brightness and to the SE and BSE FAST SCAN AVERAGING Select of to TV1, and Recommended TV1 and or TV2, and The higher the of the the attainable the higher Select the NOTICE: The of to each or independently.
Graphical Interface (GUI) LINE PROFILE SIGNAL The selected from the or photograph of the secondary Select the the the selected the Background buttons, the the the Black selected, the shown the Record Recording AUTO DATA DISPLAY when this to and and checkboxes These items included checked. input this to characters or If the and the its incremented with each photographing.
Ground this checked, the the If checked, the background of the Embed this checked, the the when the to If the This Copy and PCI commands. If the Photograph checked, the of the the shifted slightly to that properly photographs. It recommended to the the the only. NOTICE: If of the items to and selected, the photograph of such items. PHOTO SPEED Direct Selects recording. The of the selected shown the Memory photographing Selects of memory photo recording. Normal: photographing photographing photographing Enhance: photographing photographing (Scanning shown as the BRIGHTNESS/CONTRAST and recording. These factors brightness and the scanning these photograph brightness or
Graphical Interface (GUI) FILM Selects of the The internally to the selected inch Selects of the The internally to the type or selected type OP. Cond This function and of the OP.Cond. of operation, to Condition Memory
as thumbnails this It when it selecting from or the short-cut (Ctrl L). The yellow shows the selected buttons the effective the selected To thumbnails while the Ctrl The shows to or placed, shown and the selected If when selected, these once using option. The the already thumbnails. the selected Selects buttons. the selected the the the To other the of the the Cond the Cond of the the and when the memory photographing of the selected the to the where the selected It effective the II PCI the selected to PCI" It effective when the PCI" The PCI the already thumbnails. Thumbnail: Selected clicking. the information: and indicated.
Graphical Interface (GUI) the Closing the clear thumbnails. You them Photographs (Option)>. Function>. the checked, the of and written with the Entry function recorded with the to and Processing switching Clicking this the
SEM SEM image-filing with easy-to-operate function. to the when to SEM The operations. To the the the or the from the the with the as the to Function buttons: each function. of the selected function. button: of operation: This operation. the restricted or The with the BeamTilt and If the or this function the AAA the BeamTilt or this function the ABA If the the AAA the turned off. Also, the AAA the operation Function buttons both or the while the the or
Graphical Interface (GUI) The when the or If the the to the and the of to the If the the to the and the of to the and the CD (option) This which launched clicking the the the or selecting CD from the to the operation of CD option. It selecting command from Option This when with the [S-3400]. You or and their each to
The to To the the from the to the or the of the To this the from the Option to
Graphical Interface (GUI) The or To the Direct the the the to Scanning (Direct NOTICE: The SDM should to to the SEM the when necessary, when the PCI archiving. Processing The Processing to apply to of optional Optional to Processing>.
displays the and allows and to displayed. To this the DM from the Scan switching the Detector that detector-setting and to and Short-cut Short-cut of commands. short-cut character command] the pull-down then, character pull-down the command. While pull-down arrow commands the and the Direct command. The the selected command. Ctrl or Functions commands using this type of short-cut They Ctrl O: SEM Ctrl P: Ctrl C Copy Ctrl L: F1: F2: Activates the function F5: or
Shown below the of typical S-3400 SEM operation. to each subsection. Starting the Mounting the Accelerating the and Recording SEM Other Functions Quality Observation OPERATION Confirmation Items Precautions Concerning Preparation Preparation to Mounting the Mounting the II Conditions which Accelerating the Accelerating and the Selecting Detector Selecting Selecting Scanning Brightness and and Correction Operation of the of the II and Recording Recording Scanning (Direct Photographs (Option) Recording with Precaution SEM Functions Turning High the the the Closing and off the Termination Confirmation Items
Starting the Starting the Confirmation Items the the following items: the amount and of the Change. that the the or disconnected. the cock of the and the Location and Functions of the the customer-provided board turned the board Distribution the switch the EVAC to START and then release The Starting the
and to Ctrl appear. Press Ctrl (This shown or network of SEM The appear. and The XP The following when the shipped from the factory. S-3400 Reference: Starting the PC and the S-3400 NOTICE: the the the account to The S-3400N and the appears. The and shown below. S-3400 and then OK The SEM to and
Mounting Mounting Precautions Concerning Preparation the following. Wear when the or with should amount of to the that the the the chamber. Too release of the which the to and using to to the the least amount as to out-gassing. The of Mounting containing amount of or the which should Preparation to The of with below typical of Conductive such as These of without coating with heavy or Non-conductive such as semiconductors, fibrous and without coating, the recommended to the low-vacuum or If the to high mount the and then the with coating recommended If high of the coating should to this the without treatment. high observation, the such as or other then the with Generally, the of the then to the using Non-conductive should coated with using
Mounting the IMPORTANT: The that with the round. that the the base. established restricting the operating the and to within the of the and the operating the and the and the rotated the of the and which that the protected its to such (3-inch) or specify of inches) rather than inches). the Combine the screw, locking and base, and screw the to the screw. the locking that the screw become Fixing the Measuring and the Height the locking the screw to the highest of the to the the height and the using the locking that the screw become The height of the from the to the Section further screw
Mounting Measuring the Height IMPORTANT: If the or the the the or the backscattered that the of the which to the or the backscattered the to the the X, Y, R, T, and of the to the (the indicated the of the X: Y: Z: R: T: height screw
Procedure Loading the from the chamber If the the OFF the to it off. Press the AIR the EVAC the front of the or the AIR located the right section of the EVAC AIR the chamber) introduced the chamber. Allow approximately seconds the chamber to atmospheric the located the front of the and the to the base. Loading the the the the the the the chamber. Press the EVAC the front EVAC located the front of the or EVAC located the right section of the of the chamber then Accelerating then approximately the EVAC pushed.
Mounting IMPORTANT: the such as and screws and that clothes when the to the the the EVAC the EVAC the chamber) CAUTION: the the chamber, that caught the and the chamber. IMPORTANT: that the firmly the chamber the EVAC pushed. The chamber the tight with the chamber.
Mounting the II IMPORTANT: The with the round. that the the established restricting the operating the and to within the of the and the operating the and the and the rotated the of the and which that the protected its to such (3-inch) or and Detectors of inches) rather than inches). IMPORTANT: The height of should measured with to the and height the If they properly when the or the the or the backscattered that the of the causing to the and backscattered the shown the below, screw the to the (S, L), and securely the the that with the reference of the the and Carry and the Height the the Fixing the top (S, L) Reference top
Mounting Measuring and the Height Measuring of the height with the height The combined with the and the The height the height of the when the and (S, L) combined as shown The height of the isn't contained. the height to the height of the to off the highest of the The of the becomes the of the the of the than the the becomes the of the Measuring of Height (S, L) (S, L) Height
the and and The height and the measured This the amount of the of the (Z and and protects the and and the chamber from of both. Moving the to the The and height the If the the Z65 HOME Z65 The to the Height and On the SPECIMEN the the Detector Z65 SPECIMEN Z65 and SPECIMEN
Mounting the of the of the The to NOTICE: using high to the height measured with the height the height of the than the of the the height the as exceeding the focusing If this the of the factor and the of the micron-marker guaranteed. Therefore, observations should to or than height (within the of the the height High the to the Clicking the Z10, Z65 HOME Z10 Z65 the the to to the This the of the of the motion, the to the of the HOME to and light to the X: Y: R: T: Z: Z10, HOME Z10) Z: Z65, HOME Z65) from the pull-down and the height and measured with the height the of the height of the measured with the height The Height to
IMPORTANT: the motion, the Z10, Z65 HOME Z10 Z65 should repeatedly. Pressing the the STOP and the or the chamber. Loading the Removing the chamber If the the OFF the to off. Press the AIR the EVAC the front of the Alternatively, the AIR located the right section of the introduced the chamber. Allow the chamber completely the atmospheric EVAC AIR the chamber) the chamber atmospheric the the and the the Removing the
Mounting Loading the the the the both of the the the chamber. the height and to Measuring and the Height the Height and IMPORTANT: the such as and screws and that clothes when the to the the the IMPORTANT: The height of should measured with to the and height the If they properly when the or the the or the backscattered that the of the causing to the and backscattered Press the EVAC the front EVAC located the front of the or EVAC located the right section of the of the chamber then then EVAC EVAC the chamber) CAUTION: the the chamber, that caught the and the chamber. IMPORTANT: the chamber, to the tightly the chamber to tight turning the the tight with the chamber.
the Conditions which Accelerating If Beam the top the the applied, the ON activated with the of the completed. the the shows the currently and the The top should OFF Beam (ON active) the Accelerating and There four of applying Clicking Beam SETUP and ON OPTICS Applying the Accelerating Pressing the ON Beam the
the Pressing ON ELECTRON BEAM the Cond. the the Accelerating Selecting DETAIL the Optics the and ON the ELECTRON BEAM the Accelerating
the from the the input section. If necessary, the to the 100V If from the the to the DETAIL the Optics the and AFS with selected. NOTICE: The the AFS function or the Beam ABS NOTICE: the AFS when Also, the the Normally, the of of the AFS function or the Beam ABS option to the AFS function the and appears. the to RUN it that the finished. NOTICE: The AFS should to High high and to life.
the the the the locations: Condition the On the Condition focusing WORKING DISTANCE and DETAIL and selected. the Condition
DETAIL The DETAIL of related to the including WORKING DISTANCE functions AFS and ABC and DETAIL The following to The the the The from to the The higher the the the To increase the the Conversely, the to high. of recommends the of the function as below operating The function corrects when the that of Normally, this function should with the
the Beam ABS ABS the of AFS Saturation), ABA Beam ABCC Brightness Contrast), and AFC to SEM This helpful when such as the the and the the replaced. the the ABS function activated, the function to the the following Items the Accelerating and Brightness and and Correction the buttons to the directly from the the to WD (WD) to the the of the and the of the The the of the to the of WD Click the to the from to from The the the higher the that obtained. low-contrast and the should high to amount of The using the WD
clicked, the the that the that WD (the of the the of the WD of should to relation to the the focusing that WORKING DISTANCE the of WD to and the of the that the that this the of the the and the to the when the and its Varying the WD the the and The below shows the relationship WD, depth, and Table of WD Short WD NOTICE: The the WD the the of the to floating this reason, where WD used, the floating field high operation The to from the field. the extensively the field to reduce the of the factor and the WD factor. This clicking the such Applying or the the than the WD the HINT: The function F2 to operations without the SETUP WD selected from the which when the High Shallow the substantially the the when of the following operations
the To the of the to the The chart below shows The items should (A) while (B) the Procedures (A), shown the of that allows to the while the Beam and X, (B), which the features. Items The below shows when and what items to further Items replaced: items. to Beam Mechanical of X, AFC the of the items the or items and of item ABA Beam AAA
Items the following should the chamber. Mounting the to the SETUP to the to the the WD to the the the the On this the Beam Beam that the through the of the This of Beam and Beam Selecting the Beam (A) that while Click the Beam If to appear, the and the brightness of the On the Operation the STIGMA/ALIGNMENT or the while holding the the the and the crosshairs to the of the the Beam and the crosshairs to the of the
the the finished, the the the that the the brightness to (B) the This allows to ABA Beam both Beam and Beam Click the Beam Click the shown the below: Selecting the Beam ABA Beam and accomplished. Click the Beam Similarly, the The ABA which the Beam terminates. NOTICE: If to when the to to the beam as follows: the to and then the to the operating
Performing mechanical the the to the to (normally or If the becomes the relatively the X, that the of the Mechanical the NOTICE: the Beam the of the such Beam should NOTICE: observation, should the If the the to that, mechanically the to the that its
the The that the through the of the If this precisely, focusing operations the or NOTICE: observation, should using the If the the to that, the to that the brightness of the observations, should the (A) the factor from to the to the of the and On the the to the which the and the periodically. the STIGMA/ALIGNMENT the Operation or the operation the the while the of the and the crosshairs that the motion of the Increase the factor to or higher to the finished, the the
NOTICE: or factor, the should or higher. to the NOTICE: If the substantially reason, the to the and then (The F12 to operations without the SETUP HINT: Clicking the the the observation to the If the when the should (B) the Selecting the and clicking the activates AAA function the Click the Click the shown the below: Selecting the (AAA) NOTICE: the factor that the of AAA with WD the properly. such the the right or the (A) the
the The function to that the the correction process. This function the operation of Selecting the (A) that while the to the to the of the and On the the that the Either the STIGMA/ALIGNMENT the or the while holding the of the the Operation the to the motion of the the the to the motion of the the finished, the NOTICE: To the effectiveness of the process, the focusing finished (or the function F2 and then
(B) the the or and the to the AAA process. Selecting the (AAA) Click the Click the shown the below. Click the button. Similarly, the shown the below. NOTICE the factor that the of AAA with WD the properly. such the the right or the (A) the NOTICE: such (X/Y), and then
the AFC The AFC function to the through the of the This function the operation of and the and Selecting the AFC the to the to the of the and On the the AFC that the Either the STIGMA/ALIGNMENT the or the while holding the of the the the to the motion of the the finished, the
Observation Follow the operation below observation of Selecting Detector selected the DETECTOR located the the One of the following selected: secondary SE backscattered BSE or optional other If the ABCC automatically and brightness Selecting Detector HINT: the brightness of the If the ABCC the of the checked, ABCC when selection brightness to Selecting Detector...................................................................(3.5.1) Selecting Selecting Scanning Brightness and and Correction.............................................(3.5.5) of the of the II
Observation the following characteristics, they should selected to the Table Characteristics of Detector Characteristics Application SE (Secondary BSE (Backscattered Secondary Detector (SE) Selecting the SE option the DETECTOR observation the secondary high its the secondary and the low-vacuum the other than the secondary selected. SE secondary efficiency the or the from to It recommended to with to the The and the pushed, to SE Detector High information High to charging Not the to information to charging observations the morphological observations the conducting observations with suppressed, information, or reducing the charge-up
Backscattered Detector (BSE) conducting observations, backscattered normally the The backscattered the reflected from the of to the of the The of doughnut-shaped that through which the and 3D that reflection through processing, the observations three COMP TOPO and 3D Detection Backscattered Detector 3D BSE
Observation IMPORTANT: The BSE its To to the and the the following should The the strictly. WD or high the or to the the of the The height should using the height Measuring and the the II the height using height and the height the of the If the height than the the with the within the software-defined Measuring and the and Detectors the the interference protective and the operating of the that the the the should within that Checking the of and Motion when To and the the (WD) should than Interference Protective
the backscattered (BSE) Selecting the BSE option the DETECTOR BSE This to the type of BSE COMP TOPO or 3D and the amount of to produced. BSE COMP The COMP allows the observation of the that the the of the the backscattered and the the the brighter the Pressing the COMP the from to white and from white to and this repeated each the pressed. COMP TOPO Based the this the observation of topographic of the TOPO the of TOPO
Observation 3D This Topographic or 3D with of information and topology information. Each of the 3D the of 3D BSE normally If the amount of backscattered and the appears to too the to or Conversely, the too to amount of backscattered the should to NOTICE: At BSE or or the characteristic of the the scanning, such as the TV or FAST such the SLOW or increase the that the BSE of the BSE the the DETECTOR to BSE which allows to and off and polarity
BSE IMAGE MODE: This switches to the COMP/TOPO/3D buttons the DETECTOR ELEMENT SETTING: Either buttons A-E or the to each to /OFF Other Detectors (optional) selecting other than SE/BSE the DETECTOR to based the Optional that selected from pull-down NOTICE: selected selecting the the the This allows to from or from further Section Selection and
Observation Selecting There to The MAGNIFICATION to the the the Unit To increase the to the right. To the to the the right and the button. Clicking the the increases clicking the right and clicking the button. buttons to to If already assigned to the PM displayed to the right of that clicking the clicking the the Preset or right-clicking the Preset NOTICE: If the than the the WD the to the
Notes the Lowest and Conducting Observations of Table shows the observation The to WD and Table TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast TV/Fast
Operation Observation Notes operating the light shown Table the observation or WD), the of the or with as the of the The when the through the to through the It TV/FAST. The increasing the the or Interference from Right: the the observation and when shows round as This when the wide-angle to the With the as Restricted Right:
HINT: The light and observation shown FOV observations, which searching such observations should conducted the to or NOTICE: The and when or directly photographing. To the the Fraction Optional that, to the operation
Observation Selecting Scanning with four buttons. To of the Scan the Scanning Unit assigned to each They clicking the The assignment of to four to Scan The the the beam the and continuously and and While the beam scanning, the characters "RUN" the of the the RUN clicked, completing the The characters "Going to while the and then to TV Scanning TV Scanning of field search of the The (S/N of the TV scanning TV1 and TV2, the allow of to each. To the of to the the the FAST SCAN AVERAGING TV1 and TV2 Recommended TV1 and or TV2. The higher the of the the attainable Scanning Scanning with the of TV scanning. It field search of the This the highest the The (S/N of the FAST1 and FAST2, the allow of to each. To the of to the the the FAST SCAN AVERAGING FAST1 and FAST2 Recommended or FAST and or FAST
Scanning and relatively These to AC It high and/or field search of the About About About About Scanning these observation, and correction. Scanning Three reduced The approximately to the TV It therefore, searching the field, and correction. To the the the of the reduced While the to the (intersecting arrows), the and the to Scanning the as while the It and correction. The with the as the as and It optional such as BSE or ESED.
Observation Brightness and brightness and both manually and automatically. BC histogram of shown reference of ABCC Click the ABCC the or the ABCC command from to If the of ABCC the reference brightness and the the the the used, ABCC to the of the selected the (A/B) selection the Selecting the to
the the GUI The to the B/C the while holding the to brightness; and while holding the right to to the right to increase and to the to brightness or of operation the the Optional Additionally, the and the Checking the the the these to SIGNAL PROCESSING the Brightness and the operation BC waveform and reference of the waveform) and brightness of the waveform). On the clicking the waves. the and of the waveform to within the and reference and obtained. BC To BC the the BC or of the Scanning buttons. the
Observation histogram of the shown. To histogram, from This function and displays histogram of the displayed and Correction and correction manually and automatically. focusing. focusing and correction Focusing and corrections related to each other and to repeated alternately. the following to the there the obtained the best-focus there the its stretching focused or and focused the best-focus the
the and the and and sharpness. to completed. NOTICE: If to and with to and/or If the or the following another the focusing focusing, to the of the quickly, and then or the function Click the or the from the to than (search (search higher than correctly where the clear The of the of the there or the or when the properly.
Operation Observation focusing the the or the the Scanning operation COARSE and FINE the operation the to the of the where the to the the while holding the or the right to the right shorter and to the length. of the the Optional The and Select the and from to and It recommended to this function higher than The of the of the the or when there the properly. NOTICE: The of and and the AFC correctly that AFC Items
correction correction using the the or with the the Scanning and the the to the top of the where the or the right correction. and and of the the Optional corrections with the and as Checking the the the of these NOTICE: If the while correcting to The that the amount of correction to the the of the which correction as to the in-focus to the of the This that the of the high If the or to in-focus Selecting the from the the of the this of or higher, when the selected to to or than unchanged. the displays and the observation as illustrated the below: to the STIGMA the while holding the
Observation the observation the becomes Clicking in-focus the the selected in-focus to the Alternatively, the and to the in-focus with the of the On the clicking the the in-focus to the first which the turned Clicking the off the
waveform displayed the The To the the the and the that the waveform shows Defocused Focused To the the the or of the Scanning buttons. Clicking the the BC and the
Observation of the The S-3400N SEM and The following shows and The indicated the the Table of the and the Restriction the Motion of the and Restrictions inches or There the motion of the and with to inches or optional or the and Y- the the optional 8-inch Restrictions 8-inch Allowable of Observation and Motion of the The the following shows and 8-inch the which the to therefore, that (Continuous rotation)
and Directions using optional rotation rotation
Operation Observation and The allowable both and of the relationship allowable shown below. The shown the where the height the The allowable the where the which the restricted to The of optional the chamber) to further further this topic, the operating instructions the optional should consulted. Allowable of I) with to the of
Allowable of I) with to the of IMPORTANT: and within the allowable otherwise, the the or BSE and to both and them. the the [WD]) Turning the counterclockwise the the and reduces the WD. Conversely, turning the clockwise the from the and increases the WD. The of the WD off from the the Readings from the when the combined height of the which the and the the the height
Observation Checking the of and Motion when that higher than the the height or the interference protective should when the that the the protective and the should within those The interference protective to and the backscattered combined. Interference Protective
of the II The S-3400N II SEM Notation S-3400N (Mechanical) and The the Rotation function. The users with previous using the Relationship of and Following of inch On the the of the (X=60, Y=25 and the the of XY On the the of the the (X=0, Y=0 and the origin fits to (mechanical coordinates) Relationship the Switching the Optional selecting Optional On the COORDINATE or OK the of of
Observation NOTICE: The exactly the of the It rotated with the when rotated. and and The following shows the and the Mechanical and and The the of the Table and II) of of of Mechanical Mechanical (Continuous rotation) rotation) The allowable of X, Y, and and when optional Motion of each to within the allowable There of the the height, and correctly. The below shows the and coordinates)
Table Restrictions II motion the and and Optional Detectors the below. To to HOME Z10 or HOME Z65 the to to The Z10 HOME Z10 the to the and the Z65 HOME Z65 the to the the Z10 HOME Z10 the to the to the Motion Motion EBSP
Observation IMPORTANT: The Z10 HOME Z10 the of the to the Therefore, the Z10 HOME Z10 when the mounted, the the BSE located the of the both the BSE and To this the should exchanged the HOME Z65 and Detectors The height and operating of optional the chamber correctly to the of each within the allowable the following the On the the the of the SPECIMEN which shows the and height. On the of the to On Height the highest of the as measured using the height Measuring and the the highest the matches the the height the should selected. On each the appears the to the where used. If the of the match the to the SPECIMEN The and height the If the the Z10 HOME Z10 (or Z65 HOME Z65 the right of the and the the of the turned and
the shown the below appears, the to and Height from the and the Press the OK to the and the Used to the The following to the the of the operation trackball (X and Y) operation the The following memory function (X, and history function where or photographing or manually and the and location of of to Navigation function to assigned or
Observation The below the the SPECIMEN of motion X/Y/R X, Y, X/Y/R X, X, input Rotation Rotation input rotation history function Z/TILT Z, motion operation motion Navigation Memory Memory function. X, motion count X, count input X, X, motion specs. motion history X, motion to Continuous of motion correction
X, Y, Operation operation using trackball the of trackball rotation. Trackball Amount of motion rotation with To to the The amount of motion with to the amount of four the switch to the [X] the the to the [Y] the the the Trackball/Joystick the of the the Optional of of the Optional or and and XY and then the ENTER both and used. Select or (relative) with buttons, and and then of to and to the Rotation checked, and that the field of the rotated. function). Continuous (R The with the Rotation buttons. Press to the continuously or the buttons to selected four the Direction switch or
Observation operation the of the to of the Scanning Moving the and the of which the and to the and clicking the the and The allowable of that the and continuously the while holding the the to the continuously the Alternatively, the or to the continuously the the and the Selecting and EBSP as the the X, Y, Clicking the the shown below that the and the the (the EBSP items F, and C the Clicking of these items selects the that indicated Clicking the this the and to the selected If the clicking item the to The following (mechanical coordinates) EBSP X=69 Y=34 X=74 Y=39 X=75 Y=25 X=51 Y=34 X=46 Y=39 X=60 Y=25 X=69 Y=16 X=74 Y=11 X=45 Y=25 X=51 Y=16 X=46 Y=11 C X=23 Y=25 or
The of the its and the XYR and selected, the following apply; the below to the the associated with the and the intersection of the the of the that irradiated the The when the Differences of displayed White of rotation. Directly Scanning of rotation. to intersection: beam the
Observation and Operation the Z/TILT of the the specifications) and specifying of coordinates, the and to specify coordinates, and then the GO and input from the and then ENTER the Z/TILT of the the motion) It to the continuously holding the Continuous The of motion specified four the operations using the the to to clicking the button, to to the of WD=10 operation the It to the operation of or further of the Scanning IMPORTANT: Incorrect height, and the or the BSE located the of the as as the IMPORTANT: To the !Stop the GO should continuously when the motion.
of the Scanning the the Option or the the to the and (the which the shown the below displayed). without T, X, operation) the to the the It to XY Press the and the the to the the while holding the the from the the The with as to The and while the Continuous Motion of XY
Observation the At the of where the MOVE the the the to holding the and release The then that the the to the Motion XY Specification RISM function with If the of the the of the the to and the the of the the released, the that the the to the of the with the of the RISM Function RISM function with clicking clicking the of the motion. this operation, the without NOTICE: The RISM function of to the of the The motion and positioning the from the of to the of the within the of the without The RISM function useful to higher without the field of RISM to and
The function the electrically. It high where mechanical motion To the with the operation as the right instead of right the to Beam the to while holding the right and release the operation The easy to to specified On the of the the as shown below. Press the and the while holding the The following the and the rotation shown the Then release the rotated to the specified the The the The function effective when the the specification)
Observation On the of the as shown below. Press the of the rotated continuously while holding the On the right rotates clockwise, and the counterclockwise. The function effective when this selection. operation to specified On the of the as shown below. specification) Press the and the or while holding the The following the and the shown the Then release the to the specified the The of to allowable the
On the the top and of as shown below. Press the of the The or continuously while holding the On the top to shorter Z, and the to Z. motion when reaches the of allowable using the operation to specified On the of the as shown below. Tilt-axis Press the and the or while holding the The following the and the shown the Then release the to the specified the The of to allowable the
Observation On the the top and of as shown below. Tilt-axis Press the of the continuously while holding the On the top increased and the decreased. when reaches the of allowable the
Rotation The to the about the of the to Press the and the to to the to rotated to Press the the of another and the to the Release the and the to The function effective when the the checked. IMPORTANT: right instead of with the of operation. It to to the function. Rotation
Observation To The Z, and anywhere the The as shown below when to about the of of the intersecting of and of of Press the and while holding the
Memory Function The coordinates, both and relative, and each of and Three X, Y, and R, Click the Memory the The following Memory Memory of the Select and then The then indicated the X, and boxes. the and of input Select and and input to the X, and the the the and of the Select and the (using RISM) to the first and Relative-1 the to the and Relative-2 The the first and the and indicated X, and boxes. the and
Observation of input Select and and the followed the the and the to To the to and and The Next the to the of Moving the To the relative from the and Clearing of Select and and Clear
History Function and with trajectory showing the of Click the the XYR the The History History The white the The beam The the selected the history. The field shows the which the information recorded, such as the or should these photographing and to or clicking the or the XYR the To and to the clicking the the or its the Select The selected to Click to to the the selected
Observation To individually, the and the To the Clear and reading history To displayed the Specify and and then, the The of history .ssh. To the and the The the information and reading when the the as that of the to read. If the that of the or of the the effective field of
Navigation The Navigation function the to the pointed the SEM as as imported externally created such as or as this operations to that the (photo) to and the match their SEM and each. Navigation to switched SEM Imported Navigation Starting The Navigation the Navigation SEM Select selection. Click the The displayed and shown the Navigation to with or and selecting with and buttons.
Observation NOTICE: the function than of higher allowed. the following operations the becomes and the Refresh] red: the R, T, or the rotation, the Navigation SEM On the the becomes white the intersection the to and the the The that the indicated to the of the The the observation If the to imported Select selection. of or JPEG as to imported. The aspect ratio and inverted or recommended that the with the from the to the To click the Select the selection
To operation necessary. Select These right or of the the which to the first Click the the Navigation to the of and the the to the selected shown. the OK the the selected to the of and then the the first the and The selected to the of and the the to the appear. the OK Search the which to the and to the of Click the the Navigation then the the and
Observation NOTICE: The the right or of the The four with the operation. selected areas. R, or of or Navigation finishing the the as SEM Clicking the the to the to the of field of both imported and (with Refresh SEM and properly switched Clicking the the that currently as
Rotation/Tilt Function and The rotation function to the field of rotation. It XY that recover the using the XY and the to rotated. XY to the together with the function the XY together with that the previous the operation. To of the of the factors necessary. Specifying or or the the XYR to the rotation. It effective when rotating specifying the It effective when rotating rotation. the the to the It effective when specifying the It effective when The following commands provided: and the and and the and and the and beam caused Measure the height and the and the The when the this to and correction when On the other hand, the height (the whenever exchanged. It should each to the accuracy. each It when the function with
Observation NOTICE: this operation, should and the height should measured as as the height This of operations the R, Z, and of the each height from the and the the rotation and operation of the function, the height measured and corrected each the previous correction factor retained, the height each Carry the as follows. On the that the of the or Then search of the Click the the then the appear. of
Click the The following appear. Confirming the the the of to the of about then of to of the of to the and of Factor and indicated. This the of height from the reference the Apply Click the to the
Observation when Carry the following three when of Rotation It the of the rotation from the this operation, (height: which loaded. the to the Height the SPECIMEN to WD and then search of near the Select the Option The of Rotation Click The following indicating of operation shown. the Bring the of to the and The rotates search the of (although from the located within of about Bring this to the and
The rotates to of the of to the and the each of rotates the Bring the of to the each and then clicking of Factor and indicated. This the the and normally within clicking Apply to the It the of the from the this operation, and the height as as with the height and The should or to Measuring and the Height WD and then search of the Select command the Option The of
Observation Click the The following indicating of operation shown. the the the of to the of about then of The to of Bring the of to the and of The to of the of to the and of Factor and indicated. This the of height from the reference Click Apply then to the It the of the caused this operation, and the height as as with the height and to Measuring and the Height WD and then search of the Select the Option The following appears:
Click the The following indicating of shown. the closing the the to Carry focusing and to about then the of to the and The of to Carry focusing the of to the and At each of the to and then Bring the of to the each and then clicking Apply and then to the
Operation Observation and to Previous If incorrect when the to or the and reason, the !STOP !STOP To to previous using specifying operation, It effective (The to or previous The only or memory motion.) IMPORTANT: clicking the Clicking the repeatedly malfunction and the or the chamber. and Optional Detectors of the The when motion to the the The the information the The following operating apply: and specified the covers the of the the to optional to their operating the to IMPORTANT: the height of the height the input the the and height. Incorrect height, or the the BSE located the of the or the
The following shows the and and the and the height, and the the as function of height With to and the or to the to which the the Z/TILT of the the the the other and displayed the Therefore, SOMETHING should within that and Operation. The indicated the and the the Z/TILT of the to of the to and the Height Z/TILT
Observation and the II (when optional used)
II of the with to height (when optional used) Restrictions of with to II) of
Observation Restrictions of (when optional used) with to of and when optional optional switches and when they such switches, to correctly the If switch when of allowable the to the as follows. EDX required. WDX Corporation) used: 5-inch restricted to X: mechanical coordinates. 6-inch restricted to X: mechanical coordinates. 8-inch loaded. NOTICE: If the (X, Y, Z, and T) the when and with the forced to retraction
and Recording and Recording It to using and and/or as (to There four of recording: photographs (optional photo-recording necessary) photographic recording, Direct or Memory recording. Memory photographs from Photographs (Option)>. Direct which the and which function, which specified these to that SEM of Windows-supported to Function>. Copying to other software Scanning to Windows-clipboard. You the software the optional PCI software directly to without to Copy Related information and and graphics written the using recorded with the text including information such as operating and others created when the It the directory as the The function option allows to and writing text to them as as incorporating the of (measured and NOTICE: the of as the of PC Also, recommended
and Recording Recording The of to recorded the memory photographing. Scanning to the of the and then, the It and screen the process, the employed, the or slowly. the selected or Direct photographing photographing, the the memory. the with or The of to recorded Several commands or buttons areas. The the commands as follows. commands, or the the as the the of as buttons the the selected the as the the and graphics written the the Embed the AUTO the Record checked, the the when the If the This Copy and PCI commands. If the Photograph checked, the of the the shifted slightly to that properly photographs. It recommended to the the the only.
Entry recording graphics and written Entry function recorded as they shown the recording using command buttons the graphics and written and recorded. that they from displayed If necessary, the Embed the to Recording with CD (option) The measured and together with Entry recorded, or with specified and specified and recorded temporarily. effective to charge-up. to high-resolution To the following Click the the right section of the the or right-click the Then, pull-down selecting appear. the this The selected the as follows: of
and Recording and with reasonable Recommended operation. High The and Highest Effective relatively and containing that the creation, and processing. NOTICE: the following apply. CD function or SEM or Coloring SEM or the shown and the specified commands canceled.
Selecting the of and the of Either the the right section of the the or right-click the to of to Scanning Selected The check-marked: to the TV 1/TV Select the of to the TV/Fast process. The this the higher the of increased of high and that to charging high reduction the sharpness of the to the integration. Select the to 320s) the (If the within specified the the the of the process. what selected, the this the to
and Recording to Scanning The Scanning check-marked: Irrespective of the scanning the the selected the TV/Fast/Slow Select the of to the TV/Fast process. The this the higher the of increased of high and that to charging high reduction the sharpness of the to the integration. the to 320s) the (If the within specified the the the of the process.
To the the RUN or FREEZE the finished, the and the the as thumbnail. The the of the the and the shortcut Ctrl to
and Recording Scanning (Direct The or of or when the follows Graphics and written using Entry function and CD function when while they shown the Click the the or the Direct from the The As" Select TIFF TIFF Format) JPEG JPEG Option necessary. only. Effective when from selected which specified to the of when This function effective when with operation. The Record To to ON, to ON and to the of the as shown the following
Record the and If the when the selected, Following shown. If the function that the incrementing the option the with (using specified only). If to operation, the and the which appear, the user whether this temporarily the the option, and the The assigned that when the executed. Therefore, process, the incrementing option should
and Recording INFORMATION. selected from already or created Entry of these items selection of the SEM The to SEM when the SDM checked. The the and input of recently Specify and You of them and The Select as You or and Click to that and to characters allowed. Another function to the observation as allows to previously specified To the This the type of shown below: On this IMAGE TYPE INFORMATION SDM the and below the with where the XX to the half-size characters from to Once executed, the incremented the reaches, appears, prompting to the option the the function without the
using the the To clicking or clicking thumbnails and Ctrl selection with The the Procedure the as Additionally the option The selected with yellow The shows already
and Recording Photographs (Option) To photograph of of Direct and Memory Direct Direct photograph while directly the Memory Photo: Memory photographs of or or It to photograph of which observation of charge-sensitive The displays, characters that input using the function, and graphics. Condition To the photo recording, the Record clicking the the of the or selecting the Condition the Recording
Direct Recommended selection seconds. beam-sensitive or to recording selection of or seconds recommended recording of shown below the selection s) Memory s) The of s) Normal s) s) s) BRIGHTNESS/CONTRAST to and of recorded the to brighten or them to or reduce These factors and the FILM (ISO) Select the of the This to of recorded of Select of The internally to the selected (type or this to brighten
and Recording Direct Recording Direct photograph while directly the It shows to the Memory To recording, the the or the Direct from the The and other selected the Record Memory Recording Memory photographs of or It to photograph of using which observation of Photographing To photograph of the Memory the or the Memory from the the of recording the screen and and Photographing from the It to photograph of clicking the the On the Select clicking thumbnail. The selected shown with yellow Click the the the Embed and and graphics written Entry function that the the executed.) Photographing To photograph of from SEM
Recording with Text and graphics and Entry function as follows. Recording Commands or the the photographed, or to PCI using commands or buttons the text and/or graphics and recorded as they shown the Text and graphics written Entry function recorded as they shown the the of the recorded when the Embed checkbox Record of If the checked, text recorded it shown the The the Recording NOTICE The to with
and Recording Recording the text and graphics shown the the of as the the The recorded when the recorded the To of the or and then the the Entry The the then with the It the refreshed RUN operation. process, input to or while the (with CAP displayed yellow the of the and then the (Direct from the or the photographed, printed, or to PC, the that as the the Embed Record of checked, the of the the the of The recorded when the recorded command buttons the If the text shown the Recording NOTICE: If this turned off, the the recorded when indicated the
Record without Text or Graphic the Embed the checked, recorded without text or graphic the the of This selection carrying recording. SEM SEM with easy-to-operate function. established each and SEM to this when The SEM following Select displays displays and information editing, and allows processing. to SEM NOTICE: If the checked, the recorded.
Turning High necessary. Click the OFF the to off the the the the with the X: Y: Z: R: T: II On the right of the the Z65 HOME Z65 or the Z10 HOME Z10 the to the of the lights to the X: Y: R: T: Z: Z10, HOME Z10) Z: Z65, HOME Z65)
the The following to from the chamber: On the EVAC located the front of the the AIR Alternatively, the AIR located the right section of the This the chamber. approximately seconds the chamber completely the atmospheric EVAC AIR the chamber) the the front of the the and the the to hand. the the IMPORTANT: the such as and screws and that clothes when the to the the the
If the to VP-SEM the to High SEM the the the chamber. On the EVAC the front of the the EVAC Alternatively, EVAC located the right section of the The of the chamber If the chamber already high EVAC the Chamber the the chamber, that caught the and the chamber. Closing and off the Turn off the On the S-3400N the or from the termination appear: Termination Confirmation
If the completely finished, the following appears. If this action: of the to [There the to them?] Click to appears. The off: [OK to off HV?] Click OK to On the the and the the and the "It's to off displayed, or the of PC automatically. Turn off the switch located the front of the to off the the of PC automatically, or the "It's to off displayed. If the switch turned off the the of PC off while the PC and to its or Termination Confirmation Items the switch turned off, the EVAC/AIR buttons the EVAC The off the termination the completed. Normally approximately seconds the switch turned off and the off. If the termination the the to off seconds, which the the back of the should turned off. Also, the the back of the should turned off the to brought completely. To the the and the switch to the START What to the of or the Shutdown Completely
Other Functions Other Functions to the operations the which should the to accomplished. or with SCREEN MODE of the SCREEN MODE with It recommended to this operation. easy to of about the that inch photograph Scan somewhat with If or refreshing TV selected or reduced to to TV
Scanning reduced to half. with of about the indication. shown These or and or the this while and and The from the selection You with the Select of the Selection selection (A and right right (B
Other Functions operation the located the right and the top of the and To both and the the the To of the the located the top of the screen to To the both and B, the located the and recording operations such as photo, memory photo, and PC selected using the buttons located the top of the The buttons that to those displayed the recording section of the and The and assignments the ABCC and the that the right or selection If the RED the focusing the BC the or the the right or On which the displayed the that the right/left shown
and the the to such as secondary and backscattered the right and It to of the to the right This both and Selecting DM from Scan the Selecting the which the to the right and and and the right Clicking the displays the the right and selecting input this to based the right and selected and field the Detector of Detector Clicking the or of the to or and displayed the right The to the the to specify the to
Other Functions Selection and Mixing The S-3400N three optional and input, to the secondary these from these or with which with To selection and the DETECTOR of the the to DETECTOR The the selected of the the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the
selection Enhanced the the to and the right to (right Brightness and the the the that selected the selection and B. Mixing the This allows to the assigned to right and them. The Mixing the the and assigning to the right and the the Mixing which displays the selected (the right The below displays SE (secondary and of SE (secondary and BSE (backscattered (right). Mixing and Brightness to to To turn off the Mixing the
Other Functions Mixing assigned to the right and this assigns (R/G/B) to the to The the right the and then assign to the right and the Mixing located the top of the the Mixing Click the to assigned to or B, and to the If to assigned, the below, assigned to and yellow from of and assigned to B, and the displayed B. Mixing the from the Mixing the to ordinary Although photographed, they To and then the option the the the or the Direct option the NOTICE: Both and refreshed when of the
Scanning the and the SCAN MODE the operation SCAN MODE Normal Normal observation Click this to from of the as the The scanning as follows. the with the while the the clicked the and waveform, which of the intensity of the shown the You the this with the as and Scanning to TV or with SE or BSE profiling. to with profiling. the the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the the the checked, the shown the the first of the other or shown the This to of the To the the to the the to intersecting arrow
Other Functions LINE PROFILE SIGNAL The and the the of clearly. Recommended photograph or Click the when the reaches the of the the the of SE or BSE, brightness) and the height of SE or BSE, and of the count-rate of the Then the scanning. The selected of the or of intensity the secondary To the the LINE PROFILE SIGNAL the Profile containing to photographed. the and the specified the This of the The as follows. the with the while holding the the first of the other or cross-hair the The of the to where the To of the the the the to intersecting arrow
the clicked the and the the of the You of this The this with the operation as The and Scanning buttons this containing photographed. Scans the selected the This of specified the The as follows. the the with the while holding the the clicked the and the the (the to straight-line The with the as The and Scanning buttons this containing photographed. the first of the other or with the The to where the beam To and of the the the or of the the to or the the both or or the
Other Processing Processing of the SE processing, and inversion applied. optional SIGNAL PROCESSING the operation to apply processing. SIGNAL PROCESSING Click and the pull-down that appears. Processing of the includes of processing. Select with the selection Processing The following Smooth It effective high where originally this reduced without defocusing. the of sharpness. Increases sharpness. the includes
Edge than the to of white and increases NOTICE: The to and Memory photographing. It to with Direct photographing. or the processing, to the top of the optional To processing, the Option the SIGNAL PROCESSING the The Processing Processing correction the of the of the and high-pass the applied, the and of the emphasized, while broad with scanning
Other Functions Condition Memory The Condition Memory and of the If the and the and the memory. Conditions the following to the operating the Select Condition from the or the the of the and Select Condition Refresh Condition items when the brought If while the the the NOTICE: The the clicked, when previously the the as The the It together with Click the button. The Condition Condition specify Condition and then
Loading of Conditions the following to of operating the Select Condition from the or the the section of the and Select Condition Select listed. Select clicking and reference of selection. Select items to items to Contrast) to and effective only Click the and the If the included, appear confirmation. These possibly the such to and The abnother memory function (the each of and automatically). operating Select the as and the function of SEM Conversion.
Other Functions Entry Function the DATA ENTRY the graphics and the the function the SEM Entry Function of buttons Stop entry. buttons text already written Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with Text input Writes the selecting the button, the The text input of shown the text and terminate with The text shown and its with If the text and then the the automatically. recently and selected with the button. the function when writing the or To the and DATA ENTRY/MEASUREMENT the Optional the Click this and the of the to the of the the the to and then release the of the While this depressed,
The the of the However, to or while the the To the previously with edited the It the refreshed RUN operation. Arrow single-head arrow the head arrow double-head arrow the arrow the outer the with with the with outer with the Circle or the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of the checked, and graphics with Text If the text and then the the text the text automatically. recently and selected with the button. the function when writing the or or and graphics.
Other Functions Clear Clears selected graphics or Entry and show/hide buttons Stop pressed, shown the It shows The selected or The Stop and the cleared. To Editing To already written the text Selecting the to Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with or or selects graphics or the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and becomes The Clear the selected To clicking and then the Clear buttons or selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected edited double-clicking The text prolonged and editing becomes selects graphics and
Recording with According to recording to Recording with NOTICE: The the displayed the together with the the [Embed turned ON the Record of the If the turned OFF, the displayed when appearing the as If the and options the the the Embed the If the to together with the ON the checkbox. NOTICE: If with and the factor the input, the and re-displayed the following the Direct the fixed, such as the function NOTICE: with The when to that such only of text character where text shown Although this the following operation such This recover the
Other Functions Rotation, and Rotation Scanning of rotated within of to using the This allows observation of the the R. ROTATION the R.ROTATION To the Rotation, the R. Rotation To the the arrow buttons, or input the used. operating of the Scanning Rotation NOTICE: caused the field when the or the R. Rotation The to with the of this function. If to the the WD-Rotation to off the Optional operation, strongly recommended to the function. and the of that focused and WD). function allows to the the field of the with the scanning the than that the appears to contracted the The corrected the using the TILT COMPENSATION the
TILT COMPENSATION the following to the field. the Rotation this of the with the the and the that the of the focused. the the whole Alternately, the focusing the of the the and the to the top of the the the following to the and the to the the or input the NOTICE: If WD, or the to the the or as the rotation the field. At SLOW1 or appear the It caused of the field of the when three-
Other Functions Function The or Windows-supported This function allows to and or with specified function The selecting from the or clicking the the or the the brought the or the the the first. If the the selected the (these shown with yellow placed. commands when the already the image(s) the Selection of and the the to to and to function property and selection. the Click the the The
Format This allows to specify whether the of the to should the of the or should as of the section. the as the this the the to the of the selecting this option and the the specify the (This to the to the NOTICE: The effective already brought To the of these, right-click the the and the
Other Functions from the and To the clicking and the lower-right corner. To the The the manually, the or to function to that the to the and to them. when the located the right of the (locked), or the To the to appear the automatically. however, when
Text information and Footer On the the header and footer Both the when and Footer and information Micron and Info rmation around the when each the checked. To these the Font located the to Font Press the the and the The input To or the Font the to Font
Other Functions The the To The input and the To highlight the with the and then the the the the brought to of the B/C of the brightness and using scrollbars. The B/C The of to the the sheet clicking OK of the and then The printed. Batch
Additional functions These functions allow to the fetching that SEM and and reading Batch Batch clicking the and to the clicking the that to the the These functions to the This function allows to of selected created SEM reduced
Other Functions template The Clicking the to the right of the New the shown from which selected: Template that created and the shown the the as as HTML
Copy The Copy the to the of or or The software such as or from To to the the Copy from the or the Copy the the Copy Information Text The Copy Attribute information the to the as text The software such as or from To to the the Copy Attribute from the or the Copy Text the the
Other Functions (or from To the the command from the the to reference together with and If checked, and of and Too of and Select height of Brightness Modulation of each with intensity. If with brightness. and recording photographing option). Click to the
Optional the Optional To the Optional the Optional from the Option or the The Each as follows. NOTICE: each when the OK clicked. RASTER ROTATION WD-Rotation selection the caused the or operation, strongly recommended to the function. MICRON MARKER selected, the of the the If selected, the inch photograph. this the focusing. to this to the focusing operation. The and when or photographing. DATA ENTRY/MEASUREMENT This allows to specify the character to the Entry and Specify the Font and the character Font NOTICE: Font that the oriented the of the
Other Functions PRINT SIZE This allows to specify the TIFF or BMP assigned that that the S-3400. the the of X). such as PhotoShop, and Microsoft Word that this assigned specified irrespective of the of the of the commonly this which specified the PRINT SIZE clicking the to specify to the the that photographed inch PCI If PCI Corporation) the this should PANEL This allows to specify Turning Brightness the X/Y and Turning the the the the Brightness/Contrast the The of to the operation customized. S-3400N SEM
MOTOR DRIVE STAGE Selects On or of type when the or used, when the cryo-stage. It when and there from the REVERSE MODE of motion operation the and the trackball and the the of or trackball rotation. the TRACK BALL/JOYSTICK SPEED this checked, the trackball or the option with the the the COORDINATE Selects to Notation>. MOUSE OPERATION the of operation brightness and the the or the higher from to the On each of the Brightness/Contrast and whether operations to the the these operations. the should touched the should turned off.
Other Functions Selecting when the started:
Selecting This allows to specify the to when started. The Previous the that previously. The SEM option the High The VP-SEM option the the specified the the function: AAA AAA AAA the function This allows to the which the function to SCAN SPEED the which to FRAME when TV or selected SCAN SPEED and it allows to specify the of to
Other Functions the or the of the To this the from the Option The shown the to and then input New and Confirm Click the OK to characters as and lowercase distinguished. If the OK without New and Confirm the It when with the "S-3400". and the protected from unauthorized users' operation. the shipped, the "S-3400" with this the who the the Option the "S-3400" and other and This when with "S-3400".
the following protection. with the "S-3400". the selecting the from the Option Select the "S-3400" the the already and input to New and Confirm and then the If the to other users, they the "S-3400" the when with other than "S-3400", the "S-3400". users. Click the and input the input Select the clicking and the You the and to users. Then, they them. to characters as and and lowercase distinguished. The of each user the the To the the clicking and the that the "S-3400" NOTICE: If the "S-3400", the You the service to recover the the
Other Functions Restoring DB S-3400N or If normally and found" shown. when PC while the accessing. such the the of the or the and the DB DB shown the Select which to the of clicking and the finished successfully, the of this shown. If it the shown. that, the operation, the service The It to this.
Condition Memory The operating S-3400N operation and the of operating individually to each The following shows items individually user Conditions The foreground or or right of the selection High Previously of and AFS Optics selection SIGNAL SELECT the or screen Scanning assignment to Scan Scanning assignment Record assignment Function assignment to Record buttons Rotation Rotation and Optional Optional Record Photographing Record Optional Other optional Optional Entry written option of of rotation and Condition Item of buttons recently option, rotation to OFF Optional
Other Functions of locking of using function. when operating S-3400N the locking forces termination of Direct function which S-3400N and of when Instead of function, locking S-3400N GUI. Please that and to of scanning To from The following warning shown. Confirmation OK To Ctrl and following to NOTICE: and to S-3400N using with S-3400N correctly.
Downloading of operated or service To Download from Option The following appear. Download Confirmation Click OK to At first If correctly, the following shown and downloading canceled. correctly, the appear. Download Click the The following appear. Confirmation
Other Functions the CD-ROM and OK downloading Following shown the of the Writing The while write operation This when If this please the and the Service Completed The terminated normally. termination, the CD-ROM, and the to the
Quality The following quality. and Quality There of to choose. charging and other greatly the selected selecting with which to Table Accelerating and Quality Secondary High info. information internal info.) info. of High observation of floating High information the there The of this factor to the type of that the and the type of conducted. High Charge-up High X-RAY High
Quality and Quality On the ELECTORION BEAM specifying should selected reference to the below. The to The the the higher the the of observation, the should high, and high-magnification observation, should Table and Quality non-conducting the and Quality The of the selected from four options. The below shows the relationship and the the and the other hand. that the highest when the The the Current the BEAM The of the services the should the Irradiation High High Secondary High roughness High High Charge-up
and Quality of WD observation conducted the low-vacuum which the chamber of the and the backscattered that to and this than clear To clear the following required. Accelerating The should as high as If roughness noticeable, the should increased To increase the of the the should as as Table of WD Stop Shallow High High Application Working of High of backscattered High Observation and Observations
SEM SEM SEM with easy-to-operate function. established each and SEM the when The SEM following Select displays displays and information editing, and allows processing. Precaution SEM BMP, TIFF and JPEG. It to of other which when Entry, Processing the Batch function to or to other to information the of SEM or such operations when to these from SEM such these from the the Batch function. If necessary, to the the From function. filename}.t created the directory as the It includes operating of SEM and other information the organization. or these as they with Microsoft Access Unexpected of the SEM or processing. There the following CD function or and Coloring or shown and the specified commands canceled.
of or other the SEM PC If SEM operation, such as while incorrect while incorrect SEM operation while such operation the SEM or operating SEM while SEM recommended the reason. operating Mixing SEM SEM Replay from SEM inhibited. Terminate the Mixing to photographing. Functions The top of SEM when as follows. SEM shown the tree the to included the shown following the the tree tree following the Selection items. the tree the of of creation. tree Selection items
SEM The following created each the SEM It created when and BMP, JPEG or TIFF of creation or when the the following selection items.
and The following shows where SEM Functions of commands as follows. Corresponding buttons shown parentheses. as the the and the to recover processing, Replay of the the optional photo recording PCI the the to the PCI together with the information text It when PCI software built tree information
SEM the from the erased. the The SEM from specifying Batch Apply to selected selected included the Copy Copy the to Copy Copy the to The of reduced to Copy Info Copy the information text to editing which associated with the
the and buttons the or clicking the the or thumbnail and the The when SEM closed. Next the or the the Refresh (F5 or refresh thumbnail Processing Conversion Conversion Conversion and Conversion Conversion Mixing Mixing selected Copy Copy specified of the the Copy to the the when Previous
SEM Processing Processing Processing Several processings including Processing Reduction to each of processing. Processing the of and the Entry and characters the CD CD (optional function). of thumbnail, character and others. or
SEM SEM On the SDM to when the INFORMATION or input user or other text of You from and selecting You already the with the already the with the or input
SEM To already to the SEM from or the from The following from and and then selection or Ctrl NOTICE: copying using such as the name}.txt" together with The text include information and the SEM Selecting and Tree the tree the (SDM). included the Selection items the of Tree the
The (P-A01 and P-A02) and tree the of To the tree to and to the To the The shown with NOTICE: of the selection items, the tree closed. the tree To New or New the user and OK New Click or the to The selected the The selected shown with yellow thumbnail To the the or or the The operations the to To or the following operations. Click the of (This the ratio the of of the selecting reduction ratio that the the Click the and right the that while the the other operations the inhibited. Click the to to The to appear. Select
SEM Information Information the presently selected shown the information Information You and Click to the items. each item and OK To the presently selected or The and terminating SEM It as reference with SEM. To the the the title
Entry Entry function and writing the The Entry Entry Processing or Entry Entry Function of buttons Function of the Entry to the function S-4800. Click the text to edited. The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with the To the and DATA ENTRY/MEASUREMENT the Optional the Click this and the of the to the of the the the to and then release the While this depressed, text already written Selecting the to Text input the selecting the the The text input of shown the text and terminate with The shown and its with the If text the text and then the the text automatically. recently and selected with the the function when writing the or Arrow single-head arrow the
SEM head arrow double-head arrow the arrow the the with with the with with the Circle or the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of Rectangle the Click this and the of the to the the and then releasing the While this depressed, of the checked, and graphics with selected with the the function when writing the If text the and then the the text the automatically. recently and or
selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and becomes selects graphics and Clear Clear selected graphics or Writing and graphics Click and graphics or write Editing To already written the text Selecting the to The text to background You the The terminates editing. The text shown and its with the or or selects graphics or text the selected graphics indicated with and surrounding selected text indicated with and background. They and selected text edited double-clicking The text prolonged and becomes The Clear the selected To clicking and then the Clear with Click OK to as or the The with as Click to overwrite to and to as Select buttons or Click the text to edited.
SEM Conversion and To apply to the the Conversion clicking the Conversion the or Conversion Conversion Processing of and and Brightness The of processing. The histogram with and change. of and brightness to that when or the the the function such and brightness the histogram the and right to the to to and white and then to the following Brightness/Contrast Conversion
inversion The Negative and white. correction of than and highlight than and highlight Select and the Apply or OK and rewrites and to the If clicked clicking OK the canceled. expands the following
SEM and Color1 or Color2 Convert to RGB as the following The L, and R, or specified when to B-G-R and to Color1, L, and B, and and where and bright red. to or and each and and of to converted to The shows relation of to when checked. NOTICE: of or
Processing reduction, increase of sharpness and the Processing Processing Processing Processing or Processing the The following OK to the recovers the and terminates the Processing It effective reducing It effective reducing More It effective reducing Increases sharpness. increase when to More Increases sharpness. increase when to
SEM Edge It effective Edge It effective Highlight FLT Highlight FLT More Highlight and reduces of the the clockwise. top and of the the and right of the
Mixing Creates It of or of Select of to and the Mixing Processing or Mixing button. The selected shown the A. Mixing To another the clicking and then the thumbnail to as the The the operation. Selection Mixing Mixing selection
SEM and or Select the selection ADD and this when of AVG of and used. this when or both of MAX of each of and and and of the as when ADD. or both of than when using AVG. The following where SE and BSE and they with and Mixing to and brightness of and brightness of the the shown The the with the the You Click Specify the NOTICE: The with RGB It than Mixing of or or both of than where both
command or the The with the presently selected the Double-click thumbnail to to the to Function>. NOTICE: SEM to or to other to information the of SEM or functions such operations when to these from SEM such these from the the Batch function. If necessary, to the using the From function. To the of and/or the or as with the as the to overwrite, or input and to as Removing from The presently selected from the This command without showing of The presently selected and from the shown. to the presently selected
SEM Batch of or operated once. Batch command or Batch the The Batch Batch Processing Action buttons selected from the Source to other specified the Destination the directory Copy selected from the Source to other specified the Destination Copy selected from the Source to other specified the Destination the this to to carrying to other Convert/Copy Converts of selected from the Source and then to other specified the Destination to selected from the Source to another from the The selected from the Source from the selected from the Source and them from the selected from the Source
Source included the selected from this of the selection using the or Ctrl supported. selection, Press the of the the first selected and the while holding the to the selected and then release the Selected shown Click the first selected and then the selected while holding the Click selected while holding the Ctrl Destination These when Copy Copy or Convert/Copy actions selected. Select The ID the of the selected NOTICE: It recommended to such as MO and ZIP The shown the ID To right-click the the Select Property (R) the You or the Information Format selection Select BMP, JPG and TIF It shown when Convert/Copy action selected. selection Select It shown when Copy files/Resize action selected. selection selection when Copy Convert/Copy and to actions selected. With the of the other listed. Select selected Action.
SEM the motion. To the or the Optional the Option selected to thumbnail to If the to or to the selection. Select Stop
Directory The directory of "C:\Windows\Temp". It directory. If the directory of existing thumbnails created the directory when the It recommended to the thumbnail directory frequently. Entry/Measurement selection of type and Entry function and CD function. the when other software which included the header of the The and PhotoShop TIFF Microsoft Word Option Information
SEM and The following To the when the becomes repeating and the clicking the and Usually shown. the found" shown while operating SEM try to the Select the clicking the and
of this the following cautionary instructions. through the procedures this and then as disassembling/reassembling or that the procedures. The the of the once/year and the once/two years. The displayed from and the service of the please. of It thought of as when the or the the impressed. Directions to 3D CG, the the the to If the ON, OFF to off. (Notes the ON the OFF active. the OFF the ON active.) MAINTENANCE
of Either the AIR switch the or the AIR located the right of the observation the of the reaches AIR EVAC the and WARNING: used, the becomes reaching Therefore, touching the of burns. or introduced, and should the cooled sufficiently. the heatproof of the specification. Removing the Unit
CAUTION: The housing should both If the housing released might caught NOTICE: to the internal to wear when the following Turn the holding counterclockwise to the assembly. the Cartridge Assembly WARNING: used, the becomes reaching approximately Therefore, touching the of burns. or introduced, and should the cooled sufficiently. the If the clean with polishing It to every Cartridge Assembly NOTICE: polishing the cleaning should completely. If assembly with used, the and such as brightness. Inspection with to Cleaning Cartridge
of If the around the of the dirty, the screwed-in should clean the around the the and then the cleaned Cleaning the the to the and Cartridge (right) NOTICE: The as shown the below with spacers attached individually. Ultimately, should The of of to ON) or to OFF) of of Assembling the Cartridge spacer, to Cartridge P/N 51E-0240 P/N 50E-0524 Blown
to that the securely fitted. that, or to completely and other to the assembly. Cartridge Assembly the assembly to the turning the holding clockwise. the Cartridge Assembly the the the Unit NOTICE: the to the when off from the CAUTION: the to the The should lowered both If the released might caught
of NOTICE: should to from the or the the Either the EVAC switch the or the EVAC located the right of the Observation Screen the finishes. EVAC of apply and and to the aberration with Although often the should serviced once months the of of it should serviced as follows: If apparently to More than ordinarily used. below. instructions based 3D CG further
On the the the to If the ON OFF to off. Press the AIR switch the or the AIR located the Observation Screen the of the completely the AIR EVAC EVAC wrench, the screw that the the Removing the
of the assembly the the Assembly screw the screw that the the Screw of the and with (or that If the or dirty, with polishing and then it with the Plate Positioning plate B950104 screw
NOTICE: plates to the positioning the plate with the positioning the base. the them, and lightly the screw. that that the positioning the plate properly with the positioning the and and then the screw. the Screw that the around the plate free of and the straight the the Advancing NOTICE: If there the around the they should or blower; should to the of the B950104
of Securely the the the screw with wrench to the the Press the EVAC switch the or the EVAC the Observation Screen the finishes. EVAC the Unit The the S-3400N rarely becomes to the of the of the and the them evacuated. The however, services the following with Although the serviced to Section the and the when the to the observation. the It than servicing NOTICE: Procedure servicing the below. this operation, which the of should to service
If the ON, OFF to off. Accelerating Press the AIR switch the or the AIR located the Observation the of the chamber completely the AIR EVAC the the IMPORTANT: the to the the to the the with the other than the the or IMPORTANT: the II to the HOME Z10 Z65 the to the to the the with the other than the the or
of Turn the the BSED (backscattered mechanical to the BSED and the through the to the Removing the Unit IMPORTANT: touch the such as and screws and that clothes when the to the the the BSED Turn the
and the Turn counterclockwise Turn the and the together the Unit the as this the To the first the (the M4 screw) of the the the located the of the and screw shown and then the as shown of the with the located the of the that, the outer of the too counterclockwise, as IMPORTANT: Subjecting the objective to shock or scratching significantly reduce performance. The operation should with Also, should that or the P/N 52E-6560 P/N 52E-6563 with and
of IMPORTANT: to to the of the the chamber or to the backscattered of the Unit and of P/N 52E-6563 of P/N 52E-6560 the screw to the of the the of the counterclockwise, the and the Removing the Thoroughly the with the of the with The should off completely as to Preferably, ultrasound should used. Inspect with to M4 screw 50E-1139 Screw Screw from off 52E-6561 52E-6562
the with the replaced, to the turning the clockwise and the BSED it the BSED catches the and Notice that the turned too the from the and overshoot. Press the EVAC switch the or the EVAC located the right of the Observation and the finishes. EVAC the The should once Directions to 3D CG, If the ON, OFF to off. Accelerating Either the AIR switch the or the AIR located the right of the observation the of the reaches AIR
of EVAC the to the and Removing the Unit CAUTION: the to both and Releasing to caught, injury. NOTICE: To which release the the below should wearing the which screwed the
of the the to the and the and the re-using should cleaned The should to that free of or and that and its neatly machined. assembling the or blower to or the cleaning completed, to to the assembling process.
of Assembly 52E-6527 52E-6528 52E-6529 50E-1677 52E-6526 50E-1493 52E-6531
Cleaning of Plates the heating of the to the instruction of the Mount the board the the to than Heat the board. applying heater the board becomes apply too heater otherwise the board of heating the board, about cooling then the Mount the of the board. the to high than Apply heater Heat the board to the and then heating. to heat of heating, to and the Then the with CAUTION: the heated directly with of Plate plate
of Cleaning with CAUTION: the following to the of or caused ignition. should which and from If inhaled, breathing) caused. If or the or the the of including anesthesia and protective protective as the or of cleaning of the and the furnished polishing and to polishing Conduct the with reference to the the of this the of the to to of its capacity. to about of its capacity. which cleaned with polishing the the the of the cleaner. Turn the and the to the cleaning, the of the and them to to the another with to with the of the with and them of to the heat to of the the the of chamber to than the high The receiving secondary to the If the of the of secondary to the heavily. It to the of about three years, though the operating the The should conducted the service
of Rotary NOTICE: shipped to where CE conformity with the to the of the the when shipped to of the of inspection operating of To and to service inspections least once every months) to the and inspection of the to the furnished with Condition of the the as as service life. To the operating to the and cleanliness through the the with supply as as appears to operating with semiannually, although the recommended greatly to operating employing the with containing or other to the the becomes this instance, than to the instruction furnished with the employing SMR-100 (ULVAC, Inc.) this of Trap The of type. or found, this assembly with (P/N 51E-1545) IMPORTANT: The life. that service years should with heating and CAUTION: The heavy as as the the should or to or caught. WARNING: If abnormally, the to and touching burns. If the abnormally, and service
of of NOTICE: shipped to where CE conformity necessary with the to the of the the when shipped to of the and the following items regularly. checkup/maintenance, to the switch off. Item Procedure Every Every Every Every month) years) of the cock of to Activation of switch and and sound and If screws them. and Blow to of through Bearing WARNING: the the of the the of the to splash, causing to the directly front of the cock. Turn the cock slowly, and off the the and activated function. Service
NOTICE: The the the of or of the The shows the The shows the inspection The inspection slightly with the operating humidity, If the operating the inspection inspection and of the items, or service shutdown If the to or once month to the service of grease from shortened to humidity.
of Troubleshooting of If the becomes faulty, reference should to the following rotates. whirs. the service please them of the following. Symptom of Location of Symptom or slowly. switch or with exceeded. reading with sound emitted. switch faulty. with whir. or If the with screw or or the with with Clean or with Suction clogged. Clean or with worn. with Starting service reading with service hits service Bearing service worn. with scorched. service service Protector actuated. operation, and then wires with the ones. with Starting service
Location and Functions of Suction and suction phase type only) Activated of switch and Stop Indicates the of cock
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting The If the to or the proceed, the following items should checked: there If both the EVAC/AIR switches the EVAC and the sounding, that occurred. If this the the PC If displayed, the corrective action the of the should the PUMP light the EVAC or the steady-state operation the normally the PUMP light the PUMP light to the reached and and the of as the the increases. the the reached and the the the PUMP light becomes Normally, the reaches and the PUMP light becomes within the If the PUMP light to or the than and displayed the PC operation the corrective action the of the should If the service
The the Chamber If the the the chamber the EVAC the EVAC of and appears the PC operation If this the the and the following items: the securely the chamber? The the pulled or there something caught the and the the chamber. that the displayed VACUUM MODE the operation The normally the to the or to or If the to the low-vacuum to the and then the EVAC to the process. If attached to then the chamber and the Clean and grease the of the and Then If the outgas from the If the service The to Flow Normally If the to flow when applied, the items below should checked. The which as function of the or to the the and that the and that correctly. that the Normal to This confirmed the Optics the The higher the the the Normally, the the This the Optics the than reduce the the Accelerating and
Troubleshooting Shown If appear the or to the the following. loaded? the the the and SE (secondary or BSE (backscattered selected as the too the Accelerating and Selecting Detector>. and Quality>. the it to the If appears, mechanical and the Items If to appear Items On the If round appears off the or the chipped, should If the BSE option selected, the properly the and that the BSE the of the If displayed and the to become bright when the Brightness turned to the that the PC properly. It should noted that the the the following and (approximately Refresh or If the the service
There three of The first that appears the It to of of or secondary It appears when too secondary efficiency of the too or of too If such the following. the too the the and the the Accelerating and the too If the than should to than or to and Quality>. If TV or FAST the of the and the TV1, TV2, and or If and Decrease and increase brightness. If the BSE selected, re-check the BSE the DETECTOR the If too high, reduce the BSE too increase the BSE The should normally to the COMP the of BSE WD reduces the efficiency. If that the WD than If the BSE selected the high-vacuum to the SE Backscattered Detector (BSE)>. On the If round appears off the or the chipped, should
Troubleshooting The caused or bright or bright or appear when or the of the secondary If such the following. the too the the and the the and If the off? If the off the the which the should the Accelerating and Select the BSE to the If there the with the SE such as The third caused charging of another of or of If appear, Select operating such or apply to to You Correct If the correction (One (and/or both) of the or the or (and/or both) of the the following. the and If another of the If the or cleaning of the plate to the instruction If correction to of correction, the and and If service
or Work Satisfactorily or the following. the and If the and If the If please and correction. If appears to charge-up to produced. S-3400N the the to the or the completing the following. Confirm that the the AIR or EVAC switch the EVAC or If both switches off, or both switches or that the If the normally? the the to the to its If appears that the properly, off the located the back of the and the If the S-3400N normally when the operated, that the which the service should called.
Troubleshooting PC If the PC operation, the and Although the and the restarted, that approach The recommended to the the there other than the SEM that the and the On the and On the closing turned off and the (Y) If this the the and Security appear, the Shutdown "Turn off appears the off automatically). If the PC to off, the the PC to off. On the the PC to off when the the PC seconds or that the light off, and then off the DISPLAY to the (If the light off.) Allow about and then the DISPLAY (If the PC to when the turned manually the PC If properly the "Checking C: To with second." If action this the Scan automatically. of Scan the If this Turn off to the to the S-3400N Operation>. If the and the S-3400N normally, the that existed the shutdown (the that existed Shown shown the S-3400N GUI include operation and showing shown with to the of the
What to the of or the Completely shutdown operations the and off the Down>. Turn off the MAIN located the back of the MAIN Turn off the the the What to when the and the to Started the the to the following the operation to section (Confirm that back of the and the the the OFF.) Turn the the board the Turn the MAIN located the back of the the that the DISPLAY If off, the II that the DISPLAY and STAGE If they off, them On the front of the the switch to the START release and the operations. Operation>. MAIN ELB
of On of the the following Follow the this of "PRECAUTIONS ON HANDLING" the of the (disassembly-reassembly or of the other than this the customer. Beam the and of the and the (C related to the performance, the service carrying the and the It recommended to carrying the and the of the the service when the becomes the following the exchanged, the completely when the with the The the with the The the the Beam the Mounting service mechanical the exhibiting the of Section Beam operations such such as of to To this verification/adjustments should to the below: the Press Selecting
the to With the (with displayed), the to that the the to Turn off the Beam If the too bright or the the M4 screw M4 wrench) of the that the bright brought to the of the the right. that the M4 screw confused with screw or the screw. If the C screw the causing performance. The should with to this type of the mounting the mounting screws when the the the shown the To the screws Turn off the This the mounting process. Confirm that the displayed normally when the or the screw screw screw
The items shown should operation. G370009 Conductive protection 50E-6159 of G370250 polishing cleaning G743002 cleaning S370057 cloth cleaning S269003 cleaning grease (stationary 50E-1138 plate 50E-1139 of of of of Cartridge 51E-0240 Cartridge of 51E-1527 RP SMR-100 (ULVAC.Inc.) 51E-1526 OMT-200A cleaning board S263001 TMP 52E-1629 REPLACEMENT PARTS
The items below should the J386042 R2649 Secondary years TMP service years 50E-1205 SE years K433004 years 52E-4501 years F229251 years 51E-1528 Rotary years PC PC years PC years PC years PC years Battery PC PC years K429012 Rotary K429013 Rotary (others) years 52E-2384 II 52E-2385 II years 52E-2386 II years 52E-2387 II years 52E-2388 II years 52E-4013 years NOTE: The the of the and the
The items shown Table operation. Select of the of each Table 52E-2012 Accessory FUSE (W) 52E-4020 52E-4021 52E-4022 52E-4023 52E-4024 52E-4025 52E-4026 52E-4027 L456825 AS568-235 FPM L456711 AS568-012 FPM objective L456815 AS568-225 FPM chamber L456810 AS568-220 FPM chamber L456818 AS568-228 FPM chamber L456865 AS568-275 FPM Location Used
S-5080 (Option) This photographs of displayed the of CRT photographing. You the following of attaching consisting of and and type shows the and of SEM with the as item with each of that specified. Select the that to type S-5080 of shown.) ACCESSORY OPERATION C970194
S-5080 (Option) (P/N (P/N (P/N ratio ratio ratio (P/N (P/N ratio ratio NOTICE: The the the S-5080 The the the S- of Units (Option) C910905 C921211 C970192 C923691 C910804
Specifications and to Focusing when shipped the with the SEM) type TYPE52 (P/N and (the to the REMARKS: to which the each of and of
S-5080 (Option) Combinations of and of and FP500B of NO NO Photographing CRT of NO NO NO NO
Assembling the below the PHOTO CRT. of of of of of of
S-5080 (Option) the You should service the the PHOTO CRT to four screws to the the PHOTO CRT The the below. procedures other of Focusing the and the focusing instead. the operation of NORMAL the SEM, and PHOTO switch. the that the the focusing appears selection to each of Table Each of NOTICE: The S-5080 If reason that of the necessary, service representative. ISO type TYPE52 TYPE53 SS TRI-X
the CRT PHOTO CRT
(Option) (Option) This the of II the used, the of the of and of the II) as follows. fixation to the (the to the customer). HOME Z10 or HOME Z65 the to to The HOME Z10 the to the and the HOME Z65 the to the the HOME Z10 the to the The Please the to the The screw while the and the the chamber slowly. At the please the the than and the the the the the to the and tight the screw and
NOTICE: If when the to the following with the the immediately and to the warning and that, the If the to the chamber when the to or (WD) higher than or the and might Normally, when the to the chamber, the displayed without warning Connector, Stop screw
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) Specification of S-3400N (Option) About the Communication of S-3400N The of S-3400N the software that S-3400N from the with the of the Communication of S-3400N Communication Procedure DCOM (Distributed as the The operates the ActiveX and the (ActiveX EXE Function and Property and and (Table used. of the the (mechanical coordinates) Notation. of the with location of the and the of option insertion, the This information the the to the specified the information replied. Others other Property/Method/Event which command this SEM SEM PC SEM SemCommunication DCOM Ethernet (TCP/IP) EDX PC EDX
Command Property Command Command IsActive SEM SEM reading Ready HV OFF Acceleration HV-OFF HV ON/OFF HV-ON WD W.D. ProbeCurrent ChamberType Chamber type reading chamber High reading S-3400N reading Software reading Revision Software reading type reading
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Table Command Command SemCommInitialize Normal the HV-OFF Normal HV-ON Normal Normal Normal W.D. Coarse Normal Normal Normal Normal GetStagePosition Normal HV ON/OFF Acceleration ABCC AFC
Command SetStagePosition SetStagePositionXYR SetStageHomePosition Normal Normal Normal (Z=10
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) SetStageHomePosition2 Normal High Normal to Normal SetSemCommand Command Normal (Z=65
Table Command Command VaccChange HV-OFF HV HV-ON HVOnFinished Completion of HV VaccFinished Completion of W.D. ProbeCurrentChange ABCFiniished Completion of ABCC AFCFinished Completion of AFC StagePositionChange StagePositionFinished Completion of High SemCommandFinished of
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) the Communication SEM Property SEM reading IsActive SEM Ready SEM the as Normal the that to each Property of SEM released.
Monitoring/Setting of Property HV ON/OFF as HVOFF HV-ON as HVOFF to HV ON/OFF (HVON as as HVON HV-OFF HV-ON Normal The finished of The of the HVOnFinished If the the HVOnFinished issued. Please other the HVOnFinished
of S-3400N (Option) as as to to to Normal The finished of The of the VaccFinished If the the VaccFinished issued. Please other the VaccFinished HV as HVOFF HV-ON VaccChange as HVOFF to The the increasing or decreasing.
of HV HVOnFinished as Normal The of of VaccFinished as Normal The of
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) of Property to as as to Effective Normal This finished of as to
(WD) Monitoring/Setting of WD Property W.D. WD as to W.D. (WD as as WD to Normal Currently The finished of W.D. W.D. (WD as WD to
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Monitoring/Setting of Property as to as to as as as to to Normal This finished of as as as Property as Property
of Property as to (ProbeCurrent as as to Normal This finished of (ProbeCurrent as to
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Functions ABCC ABCC as Normal This completed ABCC finished. The finished of The of ABCC the ABCFinished If the the ABCFinished issued. Please other the ABCFinished of ABCC ABCFinished as Normal The of
AFC AFC as Normal This completed AFC finished. The finished of The of AFC the AFCFinished If the the AFCFinished issued. Please other the AFCFinished Completion of AFC AFCFinished as Normal The of
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) information Property Chamber type reading ChamberType as chamber Currently there chamber, other type chamber type reading as of GetStagePosition as as as as as as to to to to to Normal of X, Y, Z, T, R.
SetStagePosition (X as as as as as as to to to to to Normal The (X, Y, Z, T, R) The finished of command The of SetStagePosition the StagePositionFinished If the the StagePositionFinished issued. The StagePositionChange while the Please other the StagePositionFinished If the selecting or EBSP, to StagePositionFinished the
of S-3400N Communication (Option) (XYR) SetStagePositionXYR(X as as as as to to to Normal The (X, Y, R) The finished of The of SetStagePositionXYR the StagePositionFinished If the the StagePositionFinished issued. The StagePositionChange while the Please other the StagePositionFinished If the selecting or EBSP, it to StagePositionFinished the
SetStageHomePosition as Normal to The finished of command The of SetStageHomePosition the StagePositionFinished If the the StagePositionFinished issued. The StagePositionChange while the Please other the StagePositionFinished If the selecting or EBSP, to StagePositionFinished the
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) SetStageHomePosition2 as Normal to The finished of The of the StagePositionFinished If the the StagePositionFinished issued. The StagePositionChange while the Please other the StagePositionFinished If the selecting or EBSP, to StagePositionFinished the
StagePositionChange (X as as as as as X, Y, Z, T, as each items of GetStagePosition This when the SEM-GUI trackball and Completion of StagePositionFinished as Normal The of each
of S-3400N (Option) Property reading as High as as High Normal This finished of as as Property
Property as to as as to Normal This finished of as to
of S-3400N (Option) Command SetSemCommand (Command as as Command command Normal This finished of The of this command SemCommandFinished If the the SemCommandFinished issued. Please other the SemCommandFinished of SemCommandFinished as command Information Property as S-3400 Software Property Software as to Software Revision as to
of cSCOConnector as SemCommunicationC. SemCommunicationConnector as SemCommunicationC. SemCommunication New SemCommunicationC SemCommunicationConnector cSCOConnector. SemCommunication SemCommInitialize WD
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Communication Procedure of PC S-3400N) Preparation as including S3400N. the S-3400N CD-ROM the CD-ROM the CD-ROM the Computer. to and the Click OK when as shown below appears
Click when as shown below appears Click OK when as shown below appears Click when as shown below appears Click OK when as shown below appears the S-3400N CD from CD-ROM
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Security and DCOM Click Performance and Performance and
Click Security (Shown and then Security (Shown Security
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) Network Everyone apply to anonymous users (Shown Security Enabled, and then Apply (Shown Network Access:Let Everyone Apply to
Confirm that Security Network Everyone Apply to anonymous users as shown and then the Security Security Services (Shown
Specification of S-3400N (Option) Services then Computers (Shown Services Right Click and Select from Action Services
Click Authentication to Confirm the as and then Apply Service Service Click COM Security or COM Security Click Access section. Service Service
of S-3400N (Option) Click (Shown Access Click Advanced as shown below. Select or
Click as shown below. Select or Select Everyone and then OK. Select or
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) Click OK as shown below. Select or Click and Activation Permissions Service Service Service
Select Everyone of Service Allow of Remote and Remote Activation and then OK Service
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) Click Apply and then OK to Service Service Services
Right Click DCOM items and Property from Action shown (Can selected and then Services
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Authentication to Location the as shown below
Security Select as shown Click Click Everyone shown as below or user (follow to Everyone). Click OK to apply.
of S-3400N Communication (Option) Click Apply Choose Identity and the as shown Click OK to
Select and from to Services Turn off the Service the from button.
Specification of S-3400N Communication (Option) Click Network and Network and Click Select recommended) and then OK. and the S3400N PC.
of the Communication Option Communication I/F the option the and FD double-clicked. Select EDX and OK Option Please the option and from the who usually (S-3400N" and SEM.
CD Function (Option) CD Function (Option) CD Function The CD function carrying of or specified SEM and then and recording the The function and pitch and This allows selecting and applying from these that shows of the operating the CD function. of CD CD Function The following CD function options CD Function Option SEM Unit of displayed the Scanning of the SEM CD Function Option SEM Allows of the the SEM that operated PC from the SEM of the SEM
Specifications of CD (X, Y, D, and pitch) measured. (T) operation measured. The of within specified and the (X, Y, and pitch) measured. Either or threshold the of Measured Measured of and/or with the measured Recording/Saving of Measured The measured and photographed the (function with SEM The measured and with the displayed The measured of text CD (Reproducibility) Within CD with the following fixed; Within without
CD Function (Option) of CD Edge Detection shows the section and secondary of the typical the the of secondary higher the of the CD using this characteristic of secondary Secondary There of algorithms and threshold which to with reference to the below. Linear Approximation this the intersecting of and and when relatively the this to specify threshold the of Linear Approximation Measured Secondary
Threshold this the of the off threshold, and when the of relatively Threshold
CD Function (Option) Linear Approximation Explained below the Linear Approximation Linear Preparation of to to to to Edge search Threshold Edge
Used CD The each on-screen CD shows the relationship and The of "Search specify of the the reflected Cursor CD Relationship and CD S/N Ratio and Preparation of Profile shows the relationship and its secondary the S/N the following as shown secondary of "N" the and then these as indicated If the of as shown the of to as required. Also, the S/N ratio carrying smoothing based operation of secondary "Smoothing", of operation. the "Smoothing" as N, the relationship and smoothing the following (N this prepared. Search
CD Function (Option) Measured and Secondary Detection To the following as below. M) M).................................................(6.4.2) (N N: Then, higher than the following of Threshold If appear as shown the first higher than searching the specified as the To the search then the search indicated the to the the Measured N S/N ratio of
Detection The straight which the the and The of the located or the and to of the following of Differentiation of To the included specified with the to of and Detection intersecting of and Then the intersecting and correction Threshold the threshold the as the smoothed obtained. and of the the Then intersecting with the following as the of the of of the vicinity of Threshold |B|
CD Function (Option) and Factors Following and factors. and CD the of measured of of measured and of obtained the repeatedly. The of measured On the other hand, terms of and CD function of the S-3400N function and the measured that measured of such as with known The of measured the of the Therefore, as as of sufficiently high reliability, the of finally reproducibility. Although the of factors the section, the factors temporarily about caused or when the measured thin of thickness, instance). Factors Reproducibility, and of Factors affected of the of of instance, to when there charge-up or or field the and other factors. One about of to or of Also, the operating such as or the and
It recommended to the SEM operating CD If then should each of the of the CD function, and these selected or specifying It recommended to the Although the than that the the reasons below. field the and This as the measured becomes To the accurately, recommended to the of and the as ones. that the of the the to the each to high-accuracy to the of of the and the to the and the following the to the Cond. of the to that the thousand the Optics and It recommended to once It focusing operation to when It with The abovementioned allows of or the of or when the of charge-up and serious. that the and
CD Function (Option) Caused or this section the caused or SEM These as the measured becomes Caused the CD function, measured counting of included within the SEM of The therefore with the shown the of included within and the measured L, the L0 the following other the measured includes of L/N to L0. the of within and measured the of the of to Therefore the measured includes of this higher the the the of to and the to The of within and Higher allow and therefore the higher the of SEM becomes higher The of and stray field), and higher The highest which these reasons. 1/N) Measured (L Caused (N (N
Caused SEM as the where information of brightness there when than the of to there Therefore the of to that of and finally the higher Consideration of Both and caused both and the effective and and respectively. If and measured of measured includes of the effective as and shows the relation measured and (theoretical the caused and to Other factors included. the of and to within the theoretical about which the following
CD Function (Option) Measured (theoretical) Measured
of Used Measuring Following of the CD Starting CD Function CD S-3400N GUI, CD the of the or CD To SEM Measure Processing On the S-3400N GUI, CD the while scanning, the of the and then, shown. or such where caused On the SEM the NOTICE: of or the It recommended to Showing higher throughput, recommended to Profile or CD
CD Function (Option) CD this to and and to CD Condition of the Clicking the displays and the Condition editing and the the the of the function. when locked.
of Specify type of Select or or W&P Select this and pitch Click this This when selected. Profile Click this This when Selection Select the Selects Selects Direction Select Selects Selects Selects This when Edge Direction Select of the that the including to detected, when or selected as the This when The with the type of and selected, then the the to measured.
CD Function (Option) the The of with the type of and the CD Indication Specify the the of white, red, yellow, and light each of the Indication the operating of SEM matches the selected indicated together with If the match, indicated. Measured the SEM and the measured The displayed and together with the measured the measured the of the the measured text Clicking the displays the Selects Select selected, which matches the operating selected automatically. the Terminates the The appear measured shown It to measured
Condition This to the Condition
CD Function (Option) Entry Select of appears the right of already to of the Caption the Entry of half-size characters. Select type. Select or or W&P Select this and pitch Click this This when selected. Profile Click this This when Selection Select the Selects Selects Direction Select Selects Selects
Selects This when Edge Direction Select of the that the including to detected, when or selected as the This when The with the type of and selected, then the the to measured. Select the of or higher specified, to the specified of while shifting the Pitch below). Then the (Width), and indicated. Pitch Specify pitch to to If specified, instance, other to the of below) to This of to According to the specified of If specified, to the of increases, of reduced. This of to Pitch Specify of when or used. This of to of of Smoothing This factor of smoothing It allowed to or of of smoothing. The smoothing reduce the SEM obtained through the function and the Smoothing function, the specified or threshold
CD Function (Option) Specify boxes) CD This of to Pitch Specify pitch the of width and pitch This of to Search Specify of This of to of of NOTICE: CD the (length) of of which to the and to the of The of the following Pitch) Pitch)] of It allowed to input. each specified within its allowable therefore, combinations. pitch Pitch
NOTICE: Relation the of and the of using the CD function or SEM the of Screen and Screen The of the both The the both to the the when with the other the CD function the SEM to the to the displayed the caused to the of of the the than that the used. It reasonable the caused expected, the allows to include to with recommended to and each of and to to the The of to when or It too to too which caused too to
CD Function (Option) Edge Detection each Linear Approximation the Linear Approximation The following four effective this Threshold Specify threshold to This of to there waves the the To this, the threshold properly the the the detecting this of operation, there the first that than input threshold with to the of the the Therefore, the of waveform the of the specified threshold This of Specify If measured to the to specify One of and This to the of specified to specified below). of the following four and The this the the of reading brought to the of the thereby the upward. This of reading One of the following four and of of Threshold the threshold
Threshold threshold to the threshold input with to of and the If specified, instance, the intermediate threshold used. This of to Apply the of to the the of the the specifying the of the appears. the the edited, whether the appears.
CD Function (Option) This to Entry Specify the appears the right of already Caption the with to characters. Condition Indicates the SEM
with the the both X, with of known the that the the of the Measures the the and the measured checkbox the checked, measured and indicated the each The of shown the right If checked, the measured used. and the measured and Clear measured the and rejected and rejected when of or Correct X/Y Factor the factor. The factor "C" the following C Correct Measured Apply the the of
CD Function (Option) the Measured the measured the checked, the indicated the the and and indicated each operation. Flow of Measuring Following the flow of operation. of SEM of CD function of of of of measured of each the following. of SEM the of the SEM SEM the Scanning the SEM operation. this the to or with the the of the SEM the SEM and the to subjected to from the or thumbnail. NOTICE: of or the It recommended to Showing higher throughput, recommended to Profile
of CD Function the of the SEM the CD the of the or the To the SEM Measure CD command. The CD CD the or
CD Function (Option) Selecting and then to allow of of To the from those the Entry that the when the to Condition To and the Condition to the Condition Condition
Specify to the of the Entry the Caption that the type of and to the to executed. the or Click the Apply to apply the to the process. At the the the the of the inhibited. The and the and then them Clicking this specifying Condition Select and then the the and finished, the to the Condition
CD Function (Option) The of measured the of Factors that the include rotation and others. fixing these and conducting with of known with higher factor specified of the CD The of from the following. Select Automatically selects that matches the of the the the Entry the selected. Entry when the SEM of the specified match the SEM of the Specifying Entry displays the SEM Entry which specified. Not Apply applied. when the SEM within the following as with the of Accelerating as of of Detector as as Scan as
Carrying With the CD function of the SEM the SEM and the to those actually Since the of from the focused the the Select the WORKING DISTANCE of the Cond and then, the of the to with the focusing the Finally because focusing operation to shown the indication. It with NOTICE: If the significantly, the affected and reduction reproducibility. the the the Optics to the of then the and correction You F2 as the the field and the SEM then the to or the to the
CD Function (Option) with the SEM the SEM as the to measured. such as and type of the CD or Condition selected, both and the should the Click the the CD to the Specify to the Entry the Caption that
Click the to the to the the (both and with of known the the the of the Click the Measure The measured to appears the Measured the Correct Click the X/Y The factor appears the Factor Click the Apply and the Click the and the where of to the and theoretically each measured with and indicated and boxes. to the To the checked, the and within measured rejected It effective when of or the of to finished. New and once to RUN operation, following with previous measured when started. If observation of and match, shown. You including of or clearing nearly Working (within
CD Function (Option) of the SEM clicking thumbnail. recording with that of previous measured If recording of and match, warning shown. You including of or clearing Accelerating nearly (within factor and measured "Apply" clicked, shown. You factor, measured and as text or NOTICE: the CD function the SEM obtained with other (S-3000N, S-4800 or others) effective.
The following of pitch pitch With the type and or the CD and as shown appear. Cursor with the the located the intersecting and the with the to measured. this the measured Click the and the measured as indicated the SEM match the the displayed.
CD Function (Option) the CD function of the SEM the and the to observation. the to and clicking the of CD that specifying the appear as Cursor
the with the and with the to measured, then as the of selecting and the Click the CD and the appear. and measured the with the as the and the with the to measured. Click and the measured appears. Click this to the then the with the to measured. Click and the measured appear the measured the the and to of achieved. the or as feasible. the of displayed the where the appears.
CD Function (Option) With the type and or the CD and the appear as shown the The of the the the with the that the to the
the and the to there or appears the location where each and when the of the finished, the to the the of the Profile waveform appear. The indicated as follows. Measured of or of measured of of measured of measured of measured NOTICE: the the and indicated. using than the measured indication. Therefore the the and indicated the to each other. The of roughness of the the function as required. the CD appears the measured
CD Function (Option) the the as then achieved. Click the CD and as appear. the with the as the with the to measured, then and the measured appear. this the to the the with the to measured, then Measure and the measured following the measured the and the then Measure and achieved as shown the of of four and/or Pitch the type to W&P to and to or then and pitch measured manually. Click CD The appear.
Pitch Cursors the the to the to measured, and the The where the located the the with the to measured as the and then the measured appear as Pitch
CD Function (Option) Pitch the type to W&P to and to or then and pitch measured automatically. Click CD The appear. The of the Pitch Cursors the the to measured the and the The where the located the the with the to measured as the Measure and then the measured appear as
Pitch
CD Function (Option) function the and shown the the to the function. The crosshair to the It useful of to the to measured CD (SEM The without closing CD of the SEM the top of measured when as or to measured
Recording Measured The photographed or with measured as shown the the text or Microsoft Photographing with measured operating S-3400N, Memory or Memory the with measured operating S-3400N, the or Direct command the operating SEM the Direct the Select or input and and then, NOTICE: Measured using measured Measured as text or The Microsoft Measured and as Click the CD Select text or and and the NOTICE: To the text text or Microsoft with measured necessary, the measured The the cleared when the
CD Function (Option) The following of measured and with Microsoft SEM Where of width-pitch width-pitch (right of and and of measured and then, The of Measured DecelerationMag W.D. Width(Left W&P W&P W&P DecelerationMag W.D. Width(Right Pitch(Right W&P W&P W&P DecelerationMag W.D. Calibrated DecelerationMag W.D. TV35R.bmp TV35R.bmp Calibrated TV35R.bmp TV35R.bmp TV35R.bmp DecelerationMag W.D. 0TR02.BMP 0TR02.BMP 29.9mmUnCalibrated 0TR02.BMP 0TR02.BMP 29.9mmUnCalibrated 0TR02.BMP 29.9mmUnCalibrated of SEM, that the written carrying The together with measured when
The below that appear when the S-3400N used. without instructions, notifications, or they included the below. below that with appear as Text Explanation and Countermeasure input of The the S-3400N this other already [S-3400] the that and distinguished Confirm input. The typed You incorrect that and incorrect. distinguished Confirm input. from the PC_SEM. SEM initialized. found to of S-4800 or SEM If the shown when SEM to the using Utility. If shown when operating SEM, to using function. Specified and the already This shown when the input (or already used. Specify another as than This shown when the higher than APPENDIX to or using SEM or S-4800 function. If and to when the appeared, service These shown when input correct. Confirm and then, input The correct. this shown, other using of This shown when specified the directory as of the the directory Batch command. Specify directory other than that of the directory. APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure Timeout This shown when operations such as focusing within specified If frequently, service with The to pitches. the If the repeated, service Processing the selected This commands the SEM only. The of the The of the The of the locking of Scan and to Normal, when You to memory temporary At least 400MB memory temporary At least 20MB free this process. memory temporary At least 10MB this process. memory temporary At least 1MB free this process. temporary 30MB or become Please PC-SEM and the Processing function the to or without when OK SEM the type of required. this should If locking with operation, should canceled. These shown when of the enough the to executed. and allow than specified. APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure operation of the PC- SEM, the the of the and the refresh to PC and the (Recommended or Please input and then, the Please input user or user and then, the bytes. bytes. counter reached Please another This shown when input bytes. characters Please input CD option clicking the Apply duplicated. This shown when already used. another too to characters including and empty. or Command or Command the another character included. The input possibly includes characters allowed Please input of allows to Specify within the from to than The of written items the More items input. The possibly includes characters allowed too to characters including The possibly includes characters allowed the the and the indicated the this If this the S-3400N process, as and These shown when input too characters. within specified of characters. allows to another If user account to SEM the that empty. the the from the or to the and then the of or graphics allowable of or graphics to shorter than characters including and APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure too to characters The possibly includes characters allowed too to characters The possibly includes characters too to characters too to characters The possibly includes characters allowed too to characters including To to ON, to ON, and to the of the The and confirmed match. Please type them this This allowed to Capacity of enough. The Write-protected. There the The bytes. You too or or measured [CD option] correct. This shown when ratio of and measured the of fluctuation. once and then, Please This shown when the Apply the Factors than characters. than characters. than characters. shorter than characters. than characters including and To attaching to the the indicated the specified. to the both and that and distinguished. the and finely focusing operation. of measured the this shown, operation once the or the the (option). then, operation. APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure Please input Caption applying or The possibly includes characters allowed Caption too Caption than characters. of of measured and then of another both and completed. as the of allowed information as You of this Please with Please with Please with Please with while while while while while while This shown when the GUI or and the trackball or The information This using from the information the as the or the You the These operation. Turn the STAGE POWER switch to off and turn It these service Possibly the If the shown when about passed, the off once and then, it APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure while while while while while (X-CCW) (X-CW) (Y-CCW) (Y-CW) (Z-CCW) (Z-CW) (T-CCW) (T-CW) as or This to where or allowed. as or This operation to where or allowed. optional optional the the height within to to accuracy. and too near, or of the too near. of the Too to The too the or or from the Incorrect incorrect. Possibly incorrect the as the and the rotation first of each This shown when each its It recovered automatically. height within to to least used. APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure The selected height The selected The selected height. The selected height The selected The selected AFC This appears the the Beam (ABS). The should and as ABA or the and manualy. AFC This appears the (AFC) the Beam (ABS). HV forced OFF to This appears the the chamber or observation and the off. If this the restored, and then the to height, the type of used, this The should and as This appears the Beam (ABA) the Beam (ABS). The should This to chamber AIR with HV APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure completed to SEM SEM to the following completed to the where the and/or the the of the Carry the clicking the button and selecting field. completed to SEM the and/or field distinctive and clear the completed to the the S-3400N. service the troubleshooting. occurred the supply. the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about hour. this shown service the where The to the of or the the where the the of the the and the This appears the of or The corrective action indicated the should This software service This OVERHEAT the supply. the PC, turn off the switch, and then the If the service APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure switch. Abnormality the EVAC supply detected. the PC the [MAIN] switch off and service abnormality detected, the supply turned off about automatically. The normally or the occurred. Confirm whether the and the chamber or the thing the the chamber of then the [EVAC] switch. service The EVAC normally. the PC turn the [MAIN] switch off and service The the PC the [MAIN] switch off and service abnormality detected, the supply turned off about automatically. Abnormality of the detected. the [MAIN] switch turned off PC shutted and the completely. this shown service The to to the PC, off the switch, and then the If turning off the switch off the off the the back of the and the the completely off. If the service According to the service This appears the of the chamber within specified of Follow the the According to the service APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure The of the TMP detected. the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about this shown service The with the TMP normally the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about this shown service using the the using the supply. recover when the supply becomes If the recovered, the PC, the [MAIN] switch off and service The the the PC, the [MAIN] switch off and service The operates, and AIR or the prohibited. Turn off HV of the such as WDX or the and release the interlock. the PC, the [MAIN] switch off and service when the recover. This TMP the PC, off the switch, and then the If the service This appears the of the that the Follow the the This which appears the the service If this the PC, off the switch, and then service This appears the chamber to the atmosphere or low-vacuum when WDX) to which the protection connected Stop the conducted the such as WDX. If the WDX, the release the interlock, and then the operation. If the appears when interlock protection connected or service APPENDIX
Text Explanation and Countermeasure supply the detected. the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about this shown service the supply detected. the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about hour. this shown service supply the supply detected. the PC and turn the [MAIN] switch off. the about this shown service (Vbiasselect) the supply detected. the PC and the [MAIN] switch off. the about hour. this shown service The switch the PC, turn the [MAIN] switch off and service protection of the operated. Please the of the This appears the supply It that the to malfunction or from isolated which the PC, off the switch, and then the If the service This appears the switch the activated when the the PC, off the switch, and then service This appears the protection activated to to height the replacement/servicing the to the APPENDIX
Beam Braightness and Beam Accelerating AFC Normal.......................................................................................................................... and BC Beam Brightness BSE Detector......................................................................................................... C Mixing Color................................................................................................... COMP.................................................................................................................................... INDEX INDEX
C Condition Condition Memory Condition.................................................................................................... Condition.......................................................................................................... Contrast..................................................................... Copy Entry Operation................................................................................................................ Detector................................................................. Direct Direct EVAC EVAC Scanning High INDEX
Brightness Navigation.....................................................................................................................3-79 Observation Processing..................................................................................................... Quality switch Memory Condition Memory Memory Operation...................................................................................... Observation........................................................................................................................... Condition............................................................................................................. Unit............................................................................................................................. PCI Condition................................................................................................................... Print........................................................................................................ Color............................................................................................................ INDEX
Rotation Recording........................................................................... RISM Rotary Scan Scan SE Detector........................................................................................................... SEM Short-cut Processing..................................................................................... Operation..................................................................................................... Memory........................................................................................................... Thumbnail........................................................................................................ Compensation....................................................................................................... TOPO.................................................................................................................................... Troubleshooting............................................................................................................ Turning High VP-SEM........................................................................................................... INDEX
WD INDEX