Rotary DH 28PC instructions this through these HANDLING INSTRUCTIONS to operation. It recommended that these INSTRUCTIONS readily as reference when this 00_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65
English GENERAL POWER TOOL SAFETY WARNINGS WARNING and instructions. to follow the and instructions shock, fire and/or serious injury. and instructions reference. The the to mains-operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) Work and or atmospheres, such as the of or which the or children and while operating Distractions to match the the with earthed (grounded) and outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or cords increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. If operating location (RCD) protected supply. of RCD reduces the of shock. what and when operating tool. while or the influence of or medication. of while operating serious protective wear protection. Protective such as hat, or hearing protection reduce PM the switch the off-position connecting to and/or or carrying the Carrying with the switch or that the switch invites or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the injury. overreach. footing and This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these and properly used. of reduce related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the tool. the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions, account the and the to of the operations from those
Service serviced This that the of the PRECAUTION and infirm should of reach of children and infirm PRECAUTIONS ON USING ROTARY HAMMER Wear ear protectors. to hearing with the of injury. SPECIFICATIONS areas)* V, V, V, V, V, V, V) input W* Capacity: (without and to the as to areas. STANDARD ACCESSORIES PM insulated when where the accessory or its cord. accessory of the and the shock. the or immediately operation. The becomes and serious burns. to or or thoroughly that such items as or the and of the the counterforce and operation. Wear the or chiseling operation. The the health of and to without English
English OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES or Rotation Rotation anchor boring plate Core Core Anchor Anchor operation with Chemical Anchor Demolishing operation type) (Round type) and Cold chisel chisel screws or facing upwards (B) Chemical anchor VLRB-D) screw
or Effective anchor Optional to without boring Core Core Not (A) (B) Without plate Anchor Anchor Anchor English
English APPLICATIONS Rotation and function anchor Rotation function or (with optional Tightening screws, screws (with optional only function Light-duty chiselling of and PRIOR TO OPERATION that the to conforms to the specified the switch that the switch the OFF If the connected to while the switch the ON the operating immediately, which serious the from the of thickness and rated capacity. The should as as Mounting the CAUTION To to the switch off and the from the NOTE using such as to the Clean the of the the twisting the of the latching the To the the the of the arrow and the of or (B) (Optional operations or (B) to or easy operation. the the attaching to the as shown using which the of the with this rotary (B) (B), (B) from the of the to the the CAUTION The and (B) of them or (B) completely the of the (B)
turning the while (B) from (B) together with the to the switch the the (B) attached to that than of length, (B) touch the and Therefore please (B) attaching to which and length.) every or three when Please the (B). Selecting the Screw heads or the screw to the screws. Confirm the of The rotates clockwise from the the of the The of the to the counterclockwise. Selecting the function You switch to the of only, and only turning the while the the of the to that of the to used. CAUTION: operating the and that the it operated while the To the the and release the of the Also, and operation that the and that the locked. Switch the without If there fear that the service of the switching shortened. RCD The of with rated of or recommended. AM HOW TO USE CAUTION: To to the switch off and the from the when the and other or The switch should turned off and NOTE: that the the properly the Switch operation The of the the amount that the switch pulled. when the switch pulled slightly and increases as the switch pulled the switch pulled and rotates the of operation. Rotation This to rotation and the and turning the to the Turn the slightly and that the clutch with click. Mount the the switch applying the to the the forcibly slightly that CAUTION: the touches the immediately and the to Therefore the and tightly as shown English
English Rotation This to the and turning the to the Turn the slightly and that the clutch with click. To or the and (optional as follows. and of the to the The of the the as the Therefore, to the item of Mounting the attaching CAUTIONS: Application of force than only the the of the and reduce the service of the off while the from the to motion. to anchor or with the the function. to the the and function with the and attached. This would seriously the service of of the screws the the the of (D). Next, mount (D) the the of the the the head of the screw, the and the screw. (D) CAUTIONS: to otherwise, the screws force. Apply the to the screw head when the screw; otherwise, the screw head or or force to the screw. to the the and function with the and attached. screws Selecting Employ cross-recessed screws, the easily off the heads of slotted-head screws. screws to screws, them the board. Apply the to the screw head and the screws the rotating the while the screw partly the the to the force. CAUTION: the screw the of the Should the excessively or to the screw the thread of the screw only This to pressing the and turning the to the
Mount the or Press the and the to The released, the and the to Turn the to Then or chisel locked. the the wing and the the mounting the the to the of the and the wing securely. to the and the Mount the to the Mount the to the Turn the switch ON, and To the the the of the and the head of the with the to of the of the counterclockwise to and then firmly. CAUTION: boring there where the to the reaction the of and/or when of the with the the and the with both of securely, Mounting HOW TO USE THE CORE BIT (FOR LIGHT LOAD) boring the light loads). At that with the and the as optional Mounting CAUTION to turn OFF and the from the Mount the to the the thread of the to disassembly. English
English Core Core Mount the to the the the it the with the and the plate to the or the right that faced plate Core Core to bore the to the the lightly to the or the straight. the to the and operating. boring about the of the established. Bore that the and the plate from Application of force the the of the reduced service of the CAUTION the and the OFF the switch and the from the Thread Dismounting the from the and the head of the strongly or three with holding the then the thread becomes and the GREASE REPLACEMENT This air-tight to incursion and to This without grease of the grease to the service life. the grease as below. Grease You should the grease when the item the section MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION.) grease the authorized Service the that forced to the grease yourself, please follow the following to grease CAUTION: the grease, turn the off and the from the the crank and thoroughly off the grease Core
cover of Grease accessory, the crank the grease, reassemble the crank cover securely. At this or the NOTE: The Grease of the type. the grease consumed, purchase from the authorized Service MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION Inspecting the of malfunctioning and efficiency, the with or them without when noted. Inspecting the mounting screws: inspect mounting screws and that they properly tightened. Should of the screws them immediately. to serious of the The the heart of the to the become and/or with or Inspecting the and shock protection, inspection and this should ONLY HITACHI AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER. supply If the of the to Authorized Service the to replaced. Service A: Item B: C: Used D: CAUTION and inspection of Authorized Service This helpful with the to the Authorized Service when or other the operation and of the regulations and each country MODIFICATIONS constantly and to incorporate the Accordingly, and/or without NOTE: to of research and the specifications to without English
02_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65
C M6 6905DD 6905DDCMPS2L D7.0 I.D. M4 D4 GBR(110V) GBR(110V) D4 D8.8 L270 M4 D2 02_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65 C 6001DD 6001DDCMPS2L 360857C 110V 360857U 120V 360857E 230V 360857F 240V 608VVM D5 340739C 110V 340739G 120V 340739E 230V 340739H 230V SIN 340-739J 240V D5 M5 D4 6001DD 6001DDCMPS2L D3.97 608VVM M5 M5 6002DD 6002DDCMPS2L S-32 M6 M6 M8
02_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65
02_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65
02_cover_DH28PC_ENG.p65 AM Intercity A, 2-chome, C99174812 Printed