Rotary MODEL DH 45MR HANDLING INSTRUCTIONS using this through these HANDLING INSTRUCTIONS to operation. It recommended that these INSTRUCTIONS readily as reference when this 001CoverF_DH45MR_Eng PM
GENERAL POWER TOOL SAFETY WARNINGS WARNING and instructions. to follow the and instructions shock, fire and/or serious and instructions reference. The the to operated (corded) or battery-operated (cordless) Work and or atmospheres, such as the of or which the or and while operating tool. Distractions to match the the with earthed (grounded) and matching outlets reduce of shock. with earthed or grounded such as and There increased of shock earthed or grounded. to or Water increase the of shock. the cord. the carrying, or the from heat, or or increase the of shock. operating of reduces the of shock. If operating location (RCD) protected supply. of RCD reduces the of shock. Personal what and when operating while or the influence of or of while operating serious protective wear protection. Protective such as hat, or hearing protection reduce the switch the off-position connecting to and/or or carrying the PM Carrying with the switch or that the switch or wrench turning the wrench or attached to rotating of the overreach. footing and This of the properly. wear clothing or clothing and from clothes, or caught If the of and these connected and properly used. of reduce related and force the the The the and the which the the switch and off. that with the switch and repaired. the from the and/or the from the or reduce the of the of the reach of and allow with the or these instructions to the the of users. or of of and other that the operation. If the repaired caused poorly and clean. Properly with to and to the and with these instructions, account the and the to of the operations from those Service serviced This that the of the PRECAUTION and infirm should of reach of children and infirm
ROTARY HAMMER SAFETY WARNINGS Wear ear protectors. to hearing with the of insulated when where the accessory or its cord. Cutting accessory of the and the shock. SPECIFICATIONS areas)* (110V, 115V, 120V, 127V, 220V, 230V, 240V) input W* Capacity Core (without cord, to the as to areas. STANDARD ACCESSORIES Grease to without OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES separately) Through-hole (Rotation (SDS PM the or immediately operation. The becomes and serious burns. to or or thoroughly that such items as or the and of the firmly. the counterforce and operation. Wear the or chiseling operation. The the health of and Anchor (Rotation Application (SDS boring (Rotation Core Core to from to to and (SDS
NOTE: or Core (with to or Core to to below and (13VLA) wrench operation with Chemical Anchor (Rotation (SDS the Chemical Anchor Chemical Anchor Crushing length: and Cold chisel length: Asphalt Scooping Work Scoop Roughing PM grease Optional to without (SDS APPLICATIONS anchor Crushing and applying optional PRIOR TO OPERATION that the to conforms to the specified the switch that the switch the OFF If the connected to while the switch the ON the operating immediately, which serious the from the of thickness and rated capacity. The should as as How to NOTE: such as and Clean, then smear the with the grease the Grease
To the (SDS the the of the as of SDS If to the with where there hitch. At that the to the of arrow and the the hits the Releasing the the and the the to completely. To the the the of the arrow and the the of rotations and This Rotary with built-in that and the of rotations and of This Rotary the the of operation, such as boring centering, The of the with the of rotations and of The with the of rotations and of CAUTION: the operation. Doing the Rotary only hand, the steady of the Rotary RCD The of with rated of or recommended. PM HOW TO USE THE ROTARY HAMMER to the switch applying the to the It to forcibly the It to slightly the to that freely CAUTION: Although this with clutch, the becomes bound or other the of the the to reaction. that the and operation. to or applying the to the chiseling or crushing the its or thrusting unnecessary. CAUTION: If switch the rotation, the to abruptly, to switch the when the Switching to the release and the clockwise. of the and of the as illustrated
Selector Release the to the NOTE: Turn the the to completely and that it turn. and chiseling CAUTION: If the switched rotation, the to abruptly, to switch the when the If the or chisel the of the to that they the of Switching to the release and the counterclockwise. of the and of the as illustrated Selector Release the to the NOTE: Turn the the to completely and that turn. fixing of such as the release and the of the and of the as illustrated PM Release the to the Turn the as and the to the Switch the to to the the item and the of the tool. the the and the straight of the the the to the specified and the of the clockwise to the Warming The grease this the of the with the the switch and the operation. that sound and then the Selector
CAUTION: the operation the and the securely with both to and to the DRILLING AND DRIVING-IN OPERATIONS FOR ANCHORS used. with the Turn the and to the sounded indicating the cleaning with the to the anchor and the anchor with To the the the of the and the head of the with USING DRILL CHUCK, CHUCK ADAPTER that this rotation only such as and attached. it with the CAUTION: operation, to the and the to from Switching to switching to follow the Attaching to PM the to the The SDS of the to the Therefore, follow the as to attaching and Indicating shows the of the anchor apply more-than-required to the as as Applying force or to the than what the contrary, the the efficiency and shortened of this when finished. It to thrusting when nearing the HOW TO HANDLE CORE BIT used, and this optional (such as and operation. Mounting CAUTION: to mounting the from the supply Mount the the that, feed to the screw of easy Mount the the the as mounting the and the of SDS Core Core English
the the reaches the extremity. the its with the the of the shifted turning the plate right or the off when the plate Core the built the straightly and to the or the of the to the the reaches approximately the Then the and from the and the CAUTION: the and the from the PM How to the holding the (with the the to or three whereby the screw and the becomes ready disassembly. the from the the with hand, and strongly the head of the SDS of the with or three whereby the round head screw and the ready disassembly. Core Core Core HOW TO REPLACE GREASE This of air-tight to and to Therefore, the without the grease as below. Grease purchase, grease months of grease the Authorized Service Proceed of grease. Grease CAUTION: replenishing the grease, the off and the the crank cover and off the grease Core Core
cover of Grease accessory, to the crank replenishing the grease, the crank cover securely. NOTE: The Grease of the type. If purchase from Authorized Service MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION Inspecting the Since of and malfunction, or the as as noted. Inspecting the mounting screws inspect mounting screws and that they properly Should of the screws them immediately. to serious of the The the heart of the to the become and/or with or Inspecting the and shock protection, inspection and this should ONLY HITACHI Authorized Service supply If the supply of the to Authorized Service the to replaced. Service A: Item B: C: Used D: CAUTION and inspection of Authorized Service This helpful with the to the Authorized Service when or other the and of the and each country MODIFICATION constantly and to incorporate the Accordingly, and/or without PM NOTE: of research and the to without
PM
C M6 1AS-60 600-7DD 6007DDUAV2S D8 D6 I.D M6 M4 P-16 3X3 620-3DD 6203DDCMPS2L S-40 M6 M5 600-2DD 6002DDCMPS2L 629-VVM 629VVC2PS2L PM C M5 D4 GBR (110V), 981-987Z SUI D4 D8.8 D10.1 M5 M661 D5 340-646C 110V 340-646E 230V 340-646F 240V M5 M5 M6 620-0VV 6200VVCMPS2L 620-2DD 6202DDCMPS2L 360-737C 110V 360-737E 230V 360-737F 240V 110V 120V 230V-240V 30G
Intercity Tower A, 2-chome, PM C99144811 Printed