user
Copyright Information Copyright Rights Reproduction, or translation without written prohibited, as allowed the copyright of the associated with this user to: of this user PERSONAL, INTERNAL or COMPANY to the to or otherwise the and of this to the to PERSONAL, INTERNAL users of the associated with this The information this to without C9124-90980 Edition U.S.A. Credits Microsoft, and NT U.S. of Microsoft Corporation. other products of their respective
EN to know HP HP HP HP HP HP HP buttons and and HP software location Connecting to and the input the ADF input Connecting the Loading originals to or To originals the To originals the ADF input To the To the the ADF input To the the To HP To To Restoring the factory To the factory the To the the To the the To the To the the
EN To the of the To the from To To (Macintosh) To temporarily from software To temporarily from software (Macintosh) with feed To feed or To temporarily To To types. To the To To and To or or To or or To or both of the To manually lightweight To manually heavy or (straight-through path) of To To sheet To To the Copying Starting Canceling the To the the the To the the the To the the the To the Reducing or the To reduce or the the To the the To the the
EN To the the of To the of the To the of HP software To HP or HP Copy software. To HP Copy To HP Copy Copying two-sided or To or photo To of originals To Scanning Scanning from the To from the the button. To the to USB or To the to To the to To the Canceling Scanning with the software. To HP Director To HP Director (Macintosh) To To (Macintosh). Scanning with software To Archiving text or To archive To the archive Scanning with OCR To text and To the OCR To HP Directors OCR Enhancing with HP or HP To features to HP To HP features To the to items as To to To to (Macintosh). To and and the information the header. To the header the To the
EN Loading originals to To the ADF input To to To to To To to Canceling To the To To from memory To from memory manually To manually. To To when hear tones To To or to To the to PC off from the About one-touch and To and one-touch To and one-touch To or one-touch To one-touch group-dial To group-dial To To from To phone characters character To or To the forwarding To forwarding To from) another phone To from telephone To from telephone the HP To the sounds To the the To the the To the the tone To tone
EN the incoming To the to or rings-to-answer To the of rings-to-answer What service?. the service? know To the To the autoreduction incoming To autoreduction incoming To the correction To the correction Selecting or To or To the option or off To the or off To or off the V.34 To the V.34 or off. and reports the activity To the activity the activity to To the activity to automatically. To To Including the first of each the To include the first of each the To phone the To the T.30 To T.30 To T.30 the To the reports To reports the and Software Network the To the to the software
EN the Compatible browsers. To the HP JetAdmin. BOOTP the BOOTP Bootptab DHCP UNIX NT the DHCP to another To information Cleaning and Cleaning the of the To clean the To clean the To the Cleaning the To the Cleaning the To the Cleaning the To the the To the the To the ADF To or ADF ADF assembly Removing and the Product specifications. Supported Common Card and heavy Selecting the ADF HP and HP and HP and chart only). HP
EN HP To Recycling toner (memory or To DIMM installation or To DIMM To DIMM Troubleshooting Product turn or printed, there (crooked) More than Product from the input when through Printed from what appeared Clearing To clear To clear other to Light or Dropouts background. smear toner characters or or creases. Warning Troubleshooting or or Preventing Clearing ADF To clear from the ADF Removing ADF and correcting white or
EN Too light or Unwanted Black or Unclear Reduced Troubleshooting Scanned of of the or text The edited The too appear the The nothing quality. Preventing and correcting Too light or Unwanted Black or Unclear Reduced Troubleshooting The feeding the too or too the ADF?. there with the to? there with the phone The them PBX there phone the off or the memory? of the to from phone the phone the telephone securely connected?. the or connected to the the phone connected properly?. the and rings-to-answer properly? the or phone functioning? Incoming the to the rings-to-answer correctly? the turned the phone connected properly?. there played there too connected to the phone the phone service with the the of
EN or or the the which the or high? there phone or incorrectly there the input the to PC option selected? instead of the autoreduction correctly?. too light or of the the of toner while activity or reports correctly. the activity and correct? The too high or the to Troubleshooting Troubleshooting ON and READY ON and READY? USB OK? (USB light ON What the of the USB light? OK? light ON OK? light or light ON the I/O LAN EXTERNAL LOOPBACK LAN INFINITE DEFERRAL LAN RETRY FAULTS LAN NO LINKBEAT the to factory the information. USB information. Network statistics TCP/IP information IPX/SPX information Novell/NetWare information information DLC/LLC information. Specifications and information HP HP specifications FCC regulations Declaration of Conformity DOC regulations
EN EMI VCCI Class HP HP specifications FCC (US) Telephone protection (US) IC CS-03 information EU countries HP HP FCC Declaration of Conformity VCCI Class regulations EMI Chinese stewardship Protecting the Plastics HP HP and recycling information. US Non-US sheets warranty and information. HP Warranties and licensing HP software HP warranty C Service and service. To service. warranty. Service information
EN to know these topics to with HP HP software
to know EN these topics to learn about features and to HP HP HP HP HP HP HP The HP and to and with MB of RAM, memory (DIMM) and memory, USB and IEEE 1284-B cord; and CD-ROM containing software and user input and input
EN HP The HP and to and with MB of RAM memory (DIMM) and memory, USB IEEE 1284-B and software. This the U.S. cord; and CD-ROM containing software and input and input
Scanning with the HP from with the software. to know EN HP The HP that and to and with (ADF), MB of RAM memory (DIMM) and memory, USB and IEEE 1284-B The HP buttons. cord; and CD-ROM containing software and input and input ADF input
EN HP The HP that and to and with (ADF), MB of RAM memory (DIMM) and memory, USB and IEEE 1284-B cord; and CD-ROM containing software and user input and input ADF input
to know EN HP The HP that and to and with (ADF), MB of RAM memory (DIMM) and memory, USB and IEEE 1284-B This includes and includes HP to 10Base-T or 100Base-Tx Ethernet and respectively). The TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, Netware, and cord; and CD-ROM containing software, software, and input and input ADF input HP with mounting USB
EN HP The HP that and to and with (ADF), MB of RAM memory (DIMM) and memory, USB and IEEE 1284-B The includes full-functionality with V.34 including phone and features. cord; and CD-ROM containing software, software, and user 250-sheet input and input ADF input cord.
to know EN HP ADF input input Priority input USB switch (220V Straight-through
EN Choose section of the HP to and and the to and and to commonly the HP only. instructions using the
buttons to know EN buttons If the buttons to the and phone faxing. information characters characters and these to choose the and the
HP HP EN and these to commonly to scanning, and to copying. instructions copying, Copying instructions scanning, Scanning If purchased HP HP included with The graphic below the of the information about using the to the to Network and LED lights outlet USB lights
software Software OS, type, and the HP to know EN Below the software items included with HP Director HP Scan TWAIN Scan HP HP HP Iris OCR
EN this information to assembly and HP location Connecting to and the input the ADF input Connecting the Loading originals to or
location EN the location that the following the of sunlight and from and the ventilated, from or and within the following to C to F) Relative Humidity: to that there enough around the and the straight-through the inches) inches) inches)
Connecting to Connecting to EN To to the following and NT USB with the the the of the as shown. the the release latch. of the USB or the the as shown. Thread the through the as shown, and the If USB should threaded through the notch the If should threaded through the notch.
EN To the following CAUTION To to the to light than the the from its and the the of the To the from the the and straight from the touching toner the the as shown, with the arrows the the The when the closed. If toner clothing or other off the toner with cloth. the items and CAUTION or heat from toner the of or remanufactured. they HP products, HP influence their or their
and the input and the input EN To and the input and the input the following the and they securely. the the trays. the input the the the and it the the it the the the input the input If the sufficiently tight, and
the ADF input Connecting the HP the of supply (UPS) or with this and EN If HP with ADF, or purchased the HP ADF accessory, the following instructions to the ADF input the the input with the the ADF the the as shown the To to the following If the 220V the switch the back of the and the switched off. the to the as shown the other of the directly grounded AC outlet If the 220V switch the If the 110V there switch. It when it
Loading originals to or CAUTION To the allow the to the the when the Loading originals to or EN these instructions to originals HP copying or scanning. the and the Selecting the ADF choosing and copying. If purchased HP and to purchase ADF, HP and information. To originals the the ADF free of the cover. the the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the The ready to or scanned. Top Edge
ADF capacity to sheets of (20-pound) the thickness of the or the ADF input EN To originals the ADF input The the ADF inches). the The the ADF inches). the free of the cover and the top of the the ADF input with the and the first to scanned, copied, or top of the the the ADF the farther. the they The to or scanned.
EN the testing HP and copying To the To the the following On the the and buttons to Reports and the and buttons to and showing the and the to Ready If the successfully, Troubleshooting To the using the ADF input the to the the the ADF input to the of the the the ADF input top first, that the reads Loaded On the The of the and the to Ready If the successfully, Troubleshooting
CAUTION To the allow the to the the when the EN To the the If ADF input the the the the the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the On the The of the and the to Ready If the successfully, Troubleshooting To to that shows of the options. To the following On the the and buttons to Reports and the and buttons to and showing of the options. If the successfully, Troubleshooting
EN these topics to learn about HP to them, to them from the and to them the software. HP Restoring the factory the the the from
HP CAUTION users. Restoring the factory EN the software often the to The instructions this section to the from both the and the software. You what currently selected To Press the and buttons to Reports and the and buttons to and The the and the You of options To On the the and buttons to Reports and the and buttons to and showing of the This to the factory and clears the header and the information the header information to information to the header.) This clears and associated with one-touch and and memory. The then the To the factory Press the and buttons to Service and the or to and to selection. The
the the the the EN this to the and reports other than the country/region. To the Press the and to Common and the and buttons to and the and to the Press to selection. The The should to the of normally the input The this copying, and To the Press the or to Common and the or to and the or the of appears. You choose or A4 Press to selection. You the of the following sounds: The sound the when such as when the The when buttons. the the phone sounds outgoing the the incoming To the The heard when the or The or three seconds, based the type of Press the and buttons to Common and
The the factory the Soft The the factory Soft The the factory Soft The the factory the Soft from EN the and buttons to and Press to the and buttons to Soft or Press to selection. To the the Press Press the or to Soft or Press to selection. To the of the The heard when the initially or The based the length. Press the or to Common and the or to and Press the or once to and the or to Soft or and to selection. To the The the sound that when pressed. Press the and buttons to Common and the and buttons to and the and buttons to Press and the and buttons to Soft or Press to selection. installation, to from the or from another software These other users
The these the The these the from EN of the following to To To (Macintosh) To temporarily from software To temporarily from software You from the software. instructions using the software, the software To ME, and XP Home: From the and Right-click the and NT SP3, and XP Professional: From the and right-click the and Preferences To OS From the choose Then choose the choose the HP All-in-one the to the Click the option. Click OS X: text Choose Then choose the to the On the options, choose to Custom To the when choose the Custom option the section. To temporarily from software From the From the the that to apply the To temporarily from software From the choose the to
EN
EN these instructions to with HP with or and or or both of the of
with feed or Pressing clears the currently the If than CAUTION clears the that currently appears the The switches PS and PCL the selected. PS of Incorporated. information about from EN You feed when then then and the input and the input To Access the from software and from the Source instructions the from from the the reads then to each If currently the the software, selected of the following PCL the PCL to of the features. with PCL or necessary, the PCL recommended. PCL the PCL to with those from HP and this the PCL with this with PS the (PS) with PS features and than four with this light or the the and the which the graphics printed. You the to the type. information.
the the formatting of from instructions EN You the the to the of The following the Quality This inch) and the The that the This the This the as the the Text using This when To temporarily To the the software the through the the to from information. To You selecting from the then the the The the Finishing Quality the To the of each OS the To to the of substantially toner than The or To the On the Finishing or the OS Quality OS the Utility: the HP Director. Choose Choose Choose the On the Quality choose to On
reduced when You to the the EN type the of You the the that to the The following the that Card Envelope Rough Thin Transparency To the You the from the information, from
EN of the following to To To To that recommended Product specifications information. the input the input To the from as they the straight-through the the outward to slightly than the the with the and the to facing If the the feed that the first. the to the of the the to Envelope and the
EN To that recommended Product specifications information. the input the input To the from as they the straight-through the the outward to slightly than the the with the and the to facing If the the feed that the first. the to the and of the the to Envelope and the the input
and CAUTION Inspect the to that or and that torn or through the than once. The the and EN and that recommended such as HP and Product specifications information. To or the straight-through the back of the the input or the input that the top of the and the to (rough of facing the Access the from the Then and choose Transparency or the the the from the back of the as to from sticking together, and the
or To cover the the input first, then the the input The from the input first. EN or that recommended such as HP and Product information. these instructions to or To or the with the top and the to facing the to the width of the the
or that the sheets together them. both of the or EN HP products or inches) and inches). the to sheets from the input the input than sheets. To or the straight-through the with the and the to facing the and rear to the Select the the (Software If the from the Then and choose Card from the the To both of the the through the You the output or the straight-through path. that the lightweight and the straight-through heavy or that when printed. the following topics information: To manually lightweight To manually heavy or (straight-through path) the to become reducing If the becomes Cleaning and instructions.
EN To manually lightweight that the straight-through closed. Access the instructions, from On the Finishing Both the and OK the printed, the from the input and Gather the the and straighten the the input and the of back the input should facing with the top the the input Click and to
both of the duplexing) EN To manually heavy or (straight-through path) heavy such as the straight-through path. the and the straight-through the back of the Access the from instructions. On the Finishing Both the Straight Path and OK the printed, the from the input and Gather the the and straighten the back the input should facing with the top the Click and to
of EN You the of that to of If choose to than the appear and the the that they otherwise printed. You to of Macintosh, or to To From software the from instructions. On the Finishing specify the of that to You to with OS. There and to the of the To (Macintosh) From the the Sheet the of to You to sheet with OS.
EN You or A4 This function only. To the and that the straight-through closed. Access the from instructions. On the Finishing Both and or (Right the the printed, the from the input and Gather the the and straighten the of the back the input should facing with the top the Click and to and the
EN You the option to text the background) of existing might to reading or the first or of the of To the From software the from instructions. On the Effects or the the type of that to
EN Copying these instructions to copying with HP Starting Canceling the the the the the Reducing or the the the the of HP software HP Copy software Copying two-sided or
If there originals the ADF input and the the from the ADF of whether there the Canceling If clear the from the or from the ADF. the The the active the completed. Copying EN To with HP the following instructions: the with the top of the located the right of the OR the ADF input Press the to copying. the each instructions originals the or the ADF input Loading originals to or To of the following Press the If than clears the that currently appears the with the HP the The Text This the items that of or graphic, the to increase the of or the the highest photo If to and the that To the the To the the From the to the the the and buttons to through the Select and to the selection and immediately the or to the selection without the
the the the To the the the the EN The Text This the items that of or graphic, or to increase the If to toner and the that To the the only, the To the From the the and buttons to Copy and Press to Quality the or to through the Press to the selection. The affects the or of the the following to the the only. the the to the To the the Press to the the or to the the to the to the than the or the to the right to the than the Press to the selection and immediately the or to the selection without the The affects To the the only, the the To the Press the or to Copy and the or to and the or to the the to the to than the or the to the right to than the Press to the selection.
Reducing or the the To from the only. the or from the ADF only. These options the ADF You the the input to match the output or of off. instructions, the the If only to the the currently copying, Reducing or the Copying EN The HP reduce to as as of the or to as as of the It the following reductions or automatically: to to A4: A4 to to A4: to when copying To sheet To reduce or the To reduce or the only, the following instructions: From the reduce/enlarge the to which would to reduce or the this You choose To A4 A4 To To To A4 to or If choose Custom using the Press to the selection and immediately the or to the selection without the The the to which normally reduced or If the factory to the as the
the The the factory On the EN To the Press the or to Copy and the or to and the or to the option normally to reduce or You choose To A4 A4 To To To A4 to or If choose type the of the that normally Press to selection. You the to of three and the this If off, the this To the memory. If it the and of the If that of the following to the the containing of the Turn off If using the try using the instead. The choose the The from the software. instructions from the software, from To the the To the the the If the On to the If the to On the To the To the the following instructions: From the the and to Copy and Press to the and buttons to On or Press to selection.
the of The the factory of HP software This functionality Copying EN You choose to the of from to To the of the From the of and the and buttons to or the that appears the OR the to the of and that to Press to copying To the of From the the and to Copy and the and buttons to of and the to the of and that as the Press to selection. You HP to of the following when to of the or or the the Specify the to HP Copy To HP or Macintosh) To HP of the following From HP Director, Copy or Copy From the HP and HP From HP the OR From HP Workplace the Copy or Copy
If the Copy to the the brightness of and the to another including information, HP Copy software information using these features, the software HP Copy software This functionality HP Copy software EN You HP Copy to to including to You other advanced features, such as copying and To HP Copy To HP Copy of the following From HP Director, Copy OR Click Copy and select, to to another From the HP and HP Select to to another To HP Copy (Macintosh) From the HP Director, Click the Customization Copy the Copy Click OK The HP Director Copy option. This the as the HP To HP or
Copying two-sided or Copying EN To or the photo the with the and the top of the the right of the Gently the You ready to or the photo of the information. To of originals the of originals to the ADF with the first Press The and printed. the from the ADF and the with the and facing Press The printed. the and
Copying two-sided or EN To the and the the with the located the right of the Gently the Gently the to the to the Press or of the other to or the If ADF, the to the Gently the of the to the to the If the the to the and
Copying EN
EN Scanning the following instructions to with HP Scanning from the Canceling Scanning with the software Scanning with software Archiving or Scanning with OCR Enhancing with HP or HP annotations to HP annotations to items as and
To learn about character (OCR) software, Scanning with OCR Scan buttons the Scanning from the If purchased the HP from the To with the Scanning with the software the originals the Scanning EN The HP offers four to Scan from the directly from the using the buttons. The and to buttons to to information, Scanning from the Scan from the HP Director: the HP Director one-touch to such as to to or it to Scan from the HP Scan the HP Scan to and to selected information, Scanning with the software The three to the HP Scan Click Scan from the Click Scan from the HP Director. Select from the the Scan from software: If Microsoft and to other operating using software optional. information, Scanning with software the following instructions to directly from HP To from the the To the to USB or To the to network To the to To the To from the the To from the the following instructions. information the or the ADF input Loading originals to or
To to the or the to the information, To the and To the to Scanning from the EN the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the To scanning, the To the to USB or To to the to the the following instructions: Press to the the and buttons to Press or To the to To to through the The as follows: From the HP Director, the to the property Select the the text that to to PC the characters Click Apply to the and the or OK to the and to the HP Director. New that this appear the to Follow the instructions To the to USB or to to this To the to From the HP Director, the to the property Select the From the Scan To the and the to to the to To the or the the the to and the To from the to the and the Click Apply to the and the or OK to the and to the HP Director.
Canceling If clear the from the or from the ADF. These functions with computers. Scanning with the software Scanning EN To the To the to to the following instructions: From the HP Director, the to the property Select the Choose action from the The the HP Director To of the following Press the Click the the You from HP Director. HP Director Microsoft If Scanning with software instructions the or the ADF input Loading originals to or To HP Director the originals to the ADF input with the top of the and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the Press the If the ADF, the HP Director automatically. If from the or the HP Director the the to and HP Director or the To the HP Scan the Scan HP Director. Specify If to the If there originals the ADF input and the the from the ADF of whether there the Choose the option to once.
Scanning with the software EN If choose to To Click Scan If there originals the ADF, of the automatically. If the ADF empty, from the The then to the specified If to or secondary and information. To HP Director the originals to the ADF input and the OR the and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the If the connected directly to the HP Director item the ADF input OR If from the or HP Director the the HP Director. To the HP Scan the Scan HP Director. type. Choose the option to Scan If choose to To the completed the process, choose To Destination then choose OR the to the to To the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the the Press the If using the ADF, the HP Director automatically. If scanning from the or the HP Director the the to and HP Director or the From the HP Director, Scan to the HP Scan From the HP Scan the option to and then Scan The first and appears the If to or secondary appears and information. Specify to the to, and the accordingly. the as clicking the the located the right of the
Scanning with software If and to to other operating or the software. The software TWAIN Scanning EN Selection allows to specify the which to allows to the and types. Click to the If to another the that displays. through to Click the to the to its To (Macintosh) the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the the If the connected directly to the HP Director item the ADF input OR If from the or HP Director the the HP Director. To the HP Scan the Scan HP Director. Specify type. Choose To Scan the finished, choose Scan another each of the the completed the process, choose To Destination then choose OR the to the to The HP and with and Macintosh-based that While the and directly the To follow the instructions TWAIN. information, the software To this to the when the TWAIN interface
Archiving text or Archiving text or EN the (or TWAIN) software, the The the and then the If to only of the the that to The selected to the HP software to which directory choose. You HP Director or HP to To archive the originals to the ADF input with the top of the and the OR the and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the Press the If the ADF, the HP Director automatically. If from the or the HP Director the the to and HP Director or the the HP Director, If the HP Director Archive option, the option the HP Director to the The and the specified the the To the archive the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the If the directly to the HP Director item the ADF input OR If from the or HP Director the the HP Director. the HP Director, If the HP Director Archive option, the option the HP Director to the The scanned, and the created the HP Workplace. If necessary, the or annotations. Select Then to the to
Scanning with OCR OCR handwritten to the complexity of and their interaction with the to to Wordpad accessory) and then and the Scanning EN To text and Macintosh) You the OCR software to text editing. This allows to newspaper and other The HP Director allows to the to editing. To the OCR You the that OCR. the HP Director. Click the Select the OCR then the Select the from the Select Application Click Next and the already selected. Click Click Apply or OK to selection. To HP Directors OCR the originals to the ADF input with the top of the and the OR the and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the Loading originals to or information. Press the If using the ADF, the HP Director automatically. If from the or the HP Director the the to and HP Director or the HP Director, OCR The scanned, and software automatically. The text optically and ready to
If the or active, software or the software the the instructions to to To the OCR The OCR software Colored text to and white text to OCR; text the and white of the Scanning with OCR EN
Enhancing with HP or HP If the software, these found the HP Workplace. However, of the the software. instructions HP features, the software to HP instructions using HP features, the software Scanning EN You HP or HP to the following to Brightness Crop Effects Red-eye and To From HP and from the the first then Advanced from the to the You HP software to and that as HP You of the following to HP Text Highlights (to text or graphics) and arrows To with other of annotations to
These instructions apply to users only. annotations to items as Scan to features If there originals the ADF input and the the from the ADF of whether there the annotations to EN To HP If the to annotated the HP Select from the To the To the annotations the Annotations and You annotations to and using the HP You the following items and or outlined) Text To annotations to the the HP You HP Director or HP to to supported. To to the HP Director. the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the Press the If the ADF, the HP Director automatically. If from the or the HP Director the the to and HP Director or the HP Director, The scanned, and software and attaches the to and
and Scanning EN To to the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the the HP Director double-clicking the HP Director that appears the Click the appears with the item attached, and To You to of the following You The appear the HP Director. You to the HP Director. the originals to the ADF input and the OR the cover and the to the with the top of the located the right of the Gently the the HP Director or other software to the to the or HP Scan the the the as normally would, and If or copying and the as expected, might selected or the software that match and and the following clarity of (smooth or rough) Scan and measured inch while and and white the of You the to The software the to interpolated to You and and white) or of to The and that follow to and copying
the and to high that and the or copying process. It that first to the and the when from the rather than the ADF. and EN and Recommended Recommended Black and White Black and White the smooth text Black and White (graphics or text and graphics to graphics and Black and White text the smooth the Black and White and art or graphics and the graphics and the
Scanning EN You the to the following when copying or scanning. Recommended Where to the High or software which the Black and White text software this when or when or that and or TWAIN and white Text that or TWAIN that or TWAIN graphics. that and or TWAIN white graphics. Typical software Text that text. software that mostly and and white To toner when copying software software software
EN the instructions below to with HP the information the header the Loading originals to Canceling from memory manually to About one-touch and group-dial characters forwarding from telephone the HP the the the tone the incoming rings-to-answer the autoreduction incoming received the correction Selecting or
the information the header the Although users the to who the hear tones the phone answered, or they the specified of rings-to-answer. If to hear tones, the that automatically. EN the V.34 and reports the activity the activity to Including the first of each the the T.30 the reports To the header To or the header information, the following If information, characters On the the and buttons, and the and buttons, and the and the the of and the HP to or the incoming specified of or of tones. To the of rings-to-answer the You the yourself, the or connected to that and The To the To or the the following On the
Loading originals to If to the of the straighten or the and as from the software. information, the software with the buttons, include or other numbers, such as PBX or or information, characters Loading originals to EN the and buttons, and the and buttons, and Press to the and buttons, or and The shows the that specified. the instructions below to faxing. To the ADF input the the ADF input to there nothing the the top of the to the ADF input with the first to the top of the the the of the ADF input the the ADF input farther. The ready to To to the of the following the buttons the If the assigned to one-touch that If the the using the buttons, and the the ADF input Press the of the exited the another copying, or scanning. To to regularly, assign one-touch or To and one-touch and To group-dial If to them selecting phone with third-party applications.
HP Director Microsoft The Activity the software Microsoft the Activity using the instructions, the activity the buttons, include or other numbers, such as PBX (usually or characters information. EN To to You to once. If to to of that assigned to If to to of of without To to the instance that memory, to the to each or HP Director. To using the the ADF input such as or Press the one-touch the group. OR Press the assigned to the group, and Press The the memory and the to each specified. If the or the the based its the the Activity with the and to the the group. To to the following instructions to to of that assigned the the ADF input or the the first of the following the buttons. If the one-touch that If the phone the the buttons, and Press To numbers, and OR If finished numbers, to the Press
The Activity the software Microsoft the Activity the instructions, the activity Canceling Canceling EN The the to each If the or the that based its If the the Activity with the and then to the the group. these instructions to currently or that or received. To the Press the that canceled. To this to the following The to or The to of numbers. The scheduled to the following to using Press Press to the or to through reach the to clear. Press to the to Press to that the to canceled. Normally, the At however, might the to each as charging to to the the tone of telephone and then the internationally, might to of the and then tones to To the the ADF input Press The as each This allows to tones, international tones, or tones to
from memory CAUTION to clearing the memory, this clears currently scheduled to and or manually To the or to Canceling To This Microsoft If the the the scheduled indicated the that option turned or the activity This the of or the of and the activity information.) EN this concerned to and try to from memory. To from memory Press Press once to Functions and the or to Clear and Press to the If to another to the the following to manually If trying to the the first to the or them yourself. the might the once from the and once from of the To manually the the ADF input Press Press The the and to the You to to or people. this the the memory and to the Ready other If to to something to the information as another to to the the and as
the to the phone to to or the EN To the the ADF input Press the or to Functions and the or to and the buttons to the If to 12-hour clock, the to the the fourth character to A.M. or P.M. Select A.M. or P.M., and OR If to 24-hour clock, the to the and OR the the the or the one-touch (This Press or The the memory and the You to the or to incoming to the answered; however, which to the phone that the connected to the incoming the incoming instructions. Follow the procedures this section to routed to the To when hear tones To To or To when hear tones If phone that both and and hear tones when the the of If to the the phone connected to the and hear tones, the should the automatically. If the telephone sounds, and then To If to the or the the type of to The of the memory. The first; the These continuously and them clear them from memory. To clear these from memory, from memory
You to this the of or the these to memory. as clear the or the To the The activity Microsoft the activity using the the activity To of the to EN the following to Press Press once to Functions and the or to and The the recently To or If there people or from whom to to using the and from that the the the and the memory. from appear the activity with You individually or the following to or using the Press the or to and the or to and the or to and of the following: To the or to Entry and the exactly as appears the header (including and the and To the or to Entry and the or to the and to the To numbers, the or to Clear and Press to the To to the to PC the software the software If both and and or the off the or to to the If the or the PC of this users choose to to the
You the to PC the or the software. About one-touch and one-touch and easily from the software. instructions one-touch and using the software, the software About one-touch and EN The to PC activated from the If reason that or the below to the to PC off from the To the to PC off from the Press the or to Functions and the or to Stop To PC and to selection. Once the Stop to PC selected, the memory printed. You or of as one-touch or the there of that and of the as the the following procedures information about to one-touch and group-dial To and one-touch through associated with their one-touch the The one-touch or of characters the following to and one-touch from the Press the or to and Press to Press to Press to the buttons, the to with this and Choosing from to the with the one-touch
or the the to To the repeatedly the character appears and to to the The following to instructions, To or the the to EN the buttons, the Include or other numbers, such as PBX or or Press the buttons, the To repeatedly the the the appears. of characters, characters Press to the information. If or one-touch to through To and one-touch Press the or to and Press to Press to the or to and the buttons, the of the to and Press to the To or one-touch the following to and one-touch easily from the On the and OR Press one-touch The that the or one-touch Press to the or one-touch the and Include or other numbers, such as PBX (usually or or characters information.)
one-touch and group-dial easily from the software instructions one-touch and the software, the software one-touch and easily from the software instructions one-touch and using the software the software EN the To repeatedly the the the appears. characters of characters.) Press to the information. To one-touch If one-touch to the services to this one-touch the and Both the and the then together. If the every might to the as information). this the than characters or the Follow through of To and one-touch the might to or both of the following If to tone the or three-second (PIN), finished the the of the the to this the with through of To and one-touch If information to the of people to simplify the with Group-dial through associated with the one-touch the to group. or one-touch assigned to them to the these instructions to To group-dial To group-dial To from To Assign to each the group. instructions, To and one-touch Press
EN the or to and Press to the or to and the or to and the buttons, the to with this and Choosing through the with the one-touch the buttons, the group. characters instructions using the buttons. the of the Press the one-touch or choose the the to and Press to the this each to finished, If group-dial to and through To group-dial Press the or to and Press to the or button to and the or to and the buttons, the of the to and Press to the To from Press the or to and Press to the or to and the or to and the or to the to from the group. Press to the and to other from the group. OR Press finished.
phone CAUTION Once one-touch and group-dial they recovered. characters EN You one-touch and that the To phone the following instructions to one-touch and that Press the or to and Press to the or to and Press to the using the to the header or type one-touch or the repeatedly the appears. Then, to that and to the character This shows which and appear each when the to English. Characters
EN To or You or to one-touch or often when internationally or to Press to three-second two-second appears the the that the or of to the of the or from the software. this off. You to this and to such as to phone phone While this without the instructions, To the the following instructions to the Press the or button to and Press once to and the or to and the or to On or and If choose On the buttons to the and You numbers, and
forwarding phone forwarding EN You to incoming to another the arrives memory. Then the specified and the If of the and repeated to the If the of memory while terminate the incoming and the and already memory. this the the the and the to the incoming To forwarding Press the or to and the or to and the or to and Press to On or and If choose to forwarding the to the where the to and to selection. If to that the to (this known as another To from) another Press the or to Functions and the or to and the buttons to the of the that to the from and the other and the With this turned the to the incoming pressing the telephone The Turn this off service from that the The service conflicts with the To the following instructions to Press
from telephone the HP The the factory Soft EN the or to and the or to and the or to and the or to On or and to selection. At might to from telephone connected to the as the to whose first to that the coming. To from telephone the the ADF input the of phone connected to the as the and the the or the buttons. the the to the hear the tones, to the the reads Connecting and the You the of the following sounds from the The sounds associated with incoming and outgoing The incoming information the To the sounds Press the the and buttons to Soft or Press to selection. To the The heard when the initially or The based the length. Press the or to Common and the or to and Press the once to and the or to Soft or
The the factory Soft the the the tone the EN Press to selection. affects the quality, inch, of to It affects the this to the To the Press to the the and buttons to the Press to the selection. To the The the normally to items The to the as the Press the or to and the or to and the or to the to the to the to the than the or the to the to the right to the than the Press to selection. Normally the tone to If using the the as the tone This the from while the To tone Press the and to and Press once to and the and to and the and to On or and
The the factory tone On and and other countries/regions. the rings-to-answer If or connected to this the other the the rings-to-answer to than the rings-to-answer the or If the to EN The when the You to these the to this To the to or Press the and to and the and to and Press to the and buttons to or and to selection. the to the rings-to-answer the of the incoming answered. If the connected to both and shared with to the rings-to-answer. The of rings-to-answer the than the rings-to-answer the This allows the to the incoming and it the the the to the and it tones. to the that with to the and recommended rings-to-answer country or To the of rings-to-answer To or the of rings-to-answer, the following On the the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and to To and the to the of rings-to-answer and
the service from If service and this the might to the EN If to service with telephone the to If service, and this the to What service? service, such as distinctive from It allows to or three This than or three Each of the phone allow to and allow the to the service? telephone to the and to The service might areas. Also, telephone might this service. If service and choose to to the following: which and which the telephone assigns the to the The other know know to the To Press the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and to and the and to the the to when incoming and to selection. This whether or from that At the of this publication, these of the The It should from with
autoreduction incoming the matches the of the input To the the The the factory incoming autoreduction On This option to that the EN To the Press the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and to On or If the to option the reduces to the to reduction), from to If the to option off, If the option to autoreduction also. This reduces the of incoming slightly and the from forcing To autoreduction incoming Press the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and buttons to to and the and to On or and to selection. The HP to the the top of each You choose to header information included each to the and the received. To Press the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and buttons to On or and to selection.
The the factory the correction The the factory correction On Selecting or The the the the correction EN Normally, the the the telephone while or If the the and the correction the that of the You should correction off or and to the the Turning the off might when trying to or overseas, or using telephone To the correction Press the and buttons to and the and buttons to and the and buttons to Correction and the and buttons to On or and to selection. this to the to or The to this as tone know phone of tone To or Press the or to and Press once to and the or to and the or to or and to selection. If the to the or the to based the and options. the this section to these options or off.
the V.34 EN To the option or off The to automatically. Press the or to and the or to and the or to On and the or to On or and To the or off If this option turned the to the U.S. and and other Press the or to and the or to and the or to Redial-No and the or to On or and If the turned the to input each The credited each that This includes of forwarding, or PC or the credited each to each The off. To showing the each the To or off Press the or to and the or to and the or to and the or to On or and V.34 the the to It the and or The V.34 To the V.34 or off Press the or to and
and reports the activity The HP Microsoft or OS to and reports EN the or to and the or to V.34 and the or to On or and If purchased HP the following instructions to and To the activity To the activity to To To To include the first of each the To phone To the To T.30 To the To reports On of the activity includes the following information: to the from the from the HP Windows-compatible directly connected to the from the HP Workplace directly connected to the To the activity the following to activity Press the or to Reports and the or to Activity and Press to The the and the
the activity to The factory On To the to automatically, If choose that to activity EN The activity history of the that received, or as as that occurred. You whether or the to every To the activity to the following to the activity to automatically: Press the or to Reports and the or to Activity Press once to and the or to On or and to selection. indicating the of the or To Press the or to Reports and the or to and Press to The the and the indicating the of the or received You to the following Every (the Every
Including the first of each the The this option On the this printed, to Including the first of each the EN To the following to when the Press the or to Reports and the or to and Press the once to and the or to the option when the reports to Press to selection. If this option turned the thumbnail reduction) of the first of the that or received. To include the first of each the the following to include the first of each the Press the or to Reports and the or to and the or to Include First and the or to On or and to selection. phone the that assigned to the one-touch and and group-dial To phone the following to one-touch, and Press the or to Reports and the or to and The the and the The of with their of
T.30 the EN To the Press the or to Reports and the or to and The the and the This service technicians to troubleshoot To T.30 Press the or to Service and the or to T.30 Trace and the or to and The the and the To T.30 You the T.30 to the following (the At the of every and received the following to the T.30 Press the or to Service and the or to T.30 Trace and the or to when T.30 reports Press to the selection. this to of the numbers. To or To the Press the or to Reports and the or to and The the and the
reports reports EN this to the following reports activity One-touch, and group-dial To reports the following to Press the or to Reports and the or to Reports and The the and the
EN
EN this information to learn about using HP with the and Software Network the the software HP BOOTP DHCP to another information
the and You to the USB to than Software installation EN If HP (or other HP with HP the following productivity location the while performance. directly to the and with others the The HP the following TCP/IP IPP LPD Daemon)* FTP IPX/SPX (Internetwork NetWare* IPX IPX DLC/LLC* these The other scanning and the Scanning The HP the following TCP/IP service IPX/SPX (Internetwork IPX IPX If Microsoft NT, ME, XP, or should the software that with HP to NT, ME, XP, or and then the with computers.
Network Network EN If Microsoft NT, or should the software that with HP to each to directly to the If purchased HP other than the HP and connecting to HP from HP. choice of the type of the of to to the and The following with the HP and from HP or Product Connectors HP J6035A networkwith USB HP J3258B J4102B HP J6035A 10/100Base-Tx USB TCP/IP (LPD and IPX/SPX HP J3263A 10/100Base-Tx J4101B Ethernet and HP J6038A 10/100Base-Tx USB TCP/IP (LPD and IPX/SPX NetWare DLC/LLC HP J3265A BNC, 10/100Base-Tx network the and to other to the 10Base-T TCP/IP only) IPX/SPX NetWare DLC/LLC The only of this TCP/IP (LPD and IPX/SPX H.08.00 or TCP/IP (LPD and higher IPX/SPX Peer-to-Peer NetWare DLC/LLC J.08.00 or higher TCP/IP (LPD and IPX/SPX NetWare DLC/LLC
HP recommends using other than those EN Product Connectors Supported HP J3264A twisted (RJ-45) the and to other to the You the firmware the instructions, To The of this J.08.00 or higher TCP/IP (LPD and IPX/SPX NetWare DLC/LLC
the the EN The HP USB and RJ-45 (10/100Base-Tx) connecting to The following items included with HP (attached to USB To the to the this section to HP to the HP The instructions below apply to the HP that included with the HP If using to the instructions that with that The USB should already connected to the information, Connecting to the of the USB with the USB facing the USB the front of the the the to 10/100Base-Tx the the the of the the with the the other of the the the of the
EN The or LED lights, indicating and the LED should seconds, the LED should Press the the of the to should the If or If to mount the to the (or or the attached mounting the or the mounting screw You the location illustrated
the software If purchased HP the software that with the software that with HP the the software EN connected the HP to should or the software that with the The software to of the features and to from each PC. the that with the instructions the software. Each HP that through The to and the and the attached The to and information the HP You the to the following the of the and the to the to to Scan the without the HP software Computers with the TCP/IP the to and the with HP the the CD-ROM to this the IP the HP the the CD-ROM to the IP Optionally, BOOTP or DHCP to the IP the each the turned Compatible If or NT the with the following browsers: Microsoft or or If ME, or XP, the following supported: Microsoft or or If OS and or the following supported: Microsoft
If the IP and other the to the To the IP as the URL. Also, HP BOOTP If the and the BOOTP, TFTP, or DHCP located IP the routing BOOTP (allows the of EN or the of browsers, Customer To the establish IP the the following the IP of the as the URL. The Click the the information. HP and You this software from HP Customer recommends that HP or with the This section to the (BOOTP) services operating BOOTP to from to the HP the BOOTP, the containing The HP this TFTP. This TFTP located the BOOTP or TFTP downloading the following Ease of HP Complete each the Ease of Network the network location. Enhanced of the other to the broadcasts that its searches with matching and the to the as reply. The factory-default of the HP to its BOOTP first, and BOOTP received, then to its DHCP
NIS (Network Information Service): If NIS, to the NIS with the BOOTP service the BOOTP to BOOTP EN the BOOTP The to the DHCP the operating that (It other than those using the HP services.) or NT On NT or the Microsoft DHCP to through BOOTP. the NT DHCP (with the lease and reservation the service to BOOTP as as to DHCP from the NT Procedure the DHCP the service to BOOTP when BOOTP or Both Procedure These third-party software TFTP UNIX BOOTP UNIX with the BOOTP and with the /etc/bootptab The the /etc/bootptab properly Bootptab TFTP to from TFTP This specified the bootptab the T144 Bootptab NetWare BOOTP of NetWare BOOTP to NetWare Bootptab The following of /etc/bootptab HP :ht=ether:\ :T144=hpnp/picasso.cfg: the of field, and backslash that the the allowed the characters such as with and numbers, only), and hyphens. The character allowed. to information. The that the HP and their The following these
EN RFC Option of the peripheral to of the peripheral the first field entry. the the This the BOOTP to the to the The the or SNMP type this HP this to ether the The BOOTP this to The (MAC) the or of the HP It found the as the Address, and attached to the The this IP (required). This the IP The the to the of IP that specify the network/subnetwork and the Gateway IP This the IP of the (router) that the HP with other DNS IP specified. the the support.hp.com). It include the the Qualified (such as printer1.support.hp.com). that the of the TFTP This to the T144. IP of the (NBNS). and secondary specified of preference. DHCP IP lease (seconds). DHCP T1 timeout, specifying the DHCP lease (seconds). DHCP T2 timeout, specifying the DHCP lease (seconds).
BOOTP EN RFC Option IP It the to which the that the relative path of the TFTP T144 truncated. The (pathname). information, to the TFTP below. that BOOTP RFC-2132 option path) allows the to the of the TFTP Timeout option. to the timeout (seconds), T145 which the amount of that closed. The seconds. option. to TCP/IP T146 Normal, to the to the when received. option. that the TCP PSH T147 this option, option. option. that End-of-Information IP Gateway option. to of T148 IP IP Gateway IP from Interlock option. that whether T149 acknowledgement (ACK) TCP the allowed to TFTP IP option. to the IP T150 of the where the TFTP located. Network option. to other T151 used: BOOTP-ONLY: BOOTP only, DHCP. DHCP-ONLY: DHCP only, BOOTP. the following the bootptab the of field. backslash that the the allowed the characters such as with and numbers, only), or hyphens. The character allowed.
DHCP To from IP that change, HP that assigned IP with leases or IP to the the instructions with DHCP software. If of IP within EN or software information. The to the DHCP the operating that (It other than those the HP services.) UNIX instructions DHCP UNIX the On HP-UX DHCP located the directory. Since HP-UX presently Services (DDNS) its DHCP HP recommends that lease to This that the IP services NT You of IP that the assign or lease to NT Procedure On the NT the and the Network Double-click the DHCP to this and the IP then OK to to the DHCP the of DHCP the then and Select the IP the IP section, the IP the IP the and the IP the the the to which the IP The and IP the of the assigned to this the Lease Duration section, Unlimited, then OK HP recommends that assigned to from IP that change. however, that selecting lease the (as that to If to instead the to should as the
To from IP that change, HP that assigned IP with or IP DHCP EN If Lease Duration to the previous to the If Lease Duration to with this Select and Reservations to as each the following the to reservation that the selected IP the (MAC) from the and type this the Select to the To reservation, the DHCP and Active Leases the Active Leases the reservation to and to to the DHCP If to WINS Service), to the If to WINS Service), with this From the DHCP DHCP and of the following: services the selected services the to the Active the DHCP WINS/NBNS from the Unused Select then OK warning appear that the type. You this below. the IP of the WINS as follows: Select then From the IP to previously Then type the IP of the WINS and Once the appears the of IP OK This to the DHCP If the appears the of IP the of the to below. the DHCP WINS/NBT from the Unused Select to the type to the Active the input to and OK Click to to the You of IP that the assign or lease to
to the the instructions with DHCP software. If used, the which of IP the and which the Selecting Both or BOOTP BOOTP to the which HP initiate EN Procedure the DHCP Click the and the DHCP the DHCP and the DHCP If the DHCP and the Action to the selecting the DHCP the Action and New This the New the New Next and this Next the of IP this IP and IP the and Next If the of IP within the to the and Next the IP lease DHCP and Next HP recommends that assigned IP You this the as below. HP that to DHCP options this and Next If to DHCP options Select and Next If the IP of the router (or to and Next If the and DNS and Next If WINS and IP and Next Select to the DHCP options and Next You the DHCP this Click to the To with IP within the DHCP the DHCP the and Reservations Click the Action and New Reservation the information each field, including the IP the (MAC) the Supported types, DHCP and This DHCP
If the switched from DHCP to manually CAUTION assigned that manually assigned should DHCP other the to the DHCP that the that allocated to another DHCP EN Specify another or The the Reservations this the DHCP the DHCP Once DHCP to the previous section), the factory-default of the further action the BOOTP/DHCP Other that include IP such as the or allow to BOOTP and/or DHCP each of these three the each of the the of others, as follows: BOOTP The releases and IP associated with the DHCP and the TCP/IP the BOOTP currently At this TCP/IP and the to to IP information. If BOOTP received, the IP the factory DHCP to the only BOOTP and only BOOTP processed. of IP manually DHCP The releases and IP associated with the BOOTP and the TCP/IP the BOOTP currently At this TCP/IP and the to to IP information. If DHCP received, the IP the factory BOOTP to the DHCP and only DHCP processed. of IP manually BOOTP and DHCP disabled. You should to manually of the IP including IP and timeout. You the the Returning to factory You the to its factory-default the factory-default the to factory
Moving to another You the with the TCP/IP information EN HP that with IP to that the IP with the IP the You the IP to that the or the IP and another IP the the Cold the the to factory instructions). If the BOOTP reached, might to BOOTP and the to that If BOOTP or DHCP to the the with updated If manually the IP the IP Follow the instructions the to or These instructions to and the If HP to the following instructions to with information about To the the of the If the the of the LED. If the appears the (or information the the information the the HP the HP English).
EN Cleaning and the topics below to learn about cleaning and Cleaning the of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the ADF assembly Removing and the
Cleaning the of the If 220V off the switch. CAUTION or the these directly the They and the might appear the of the this cleaned and the or quality. If 220V turn off the switch. CAUTION as these scratch the Cleaning and EN To clean the lint-free cloth to and off the of the To the from fingerprints, and performance and affects the of such as to and Turn off the the from the and the Clean the with cloth or slightly with cleaner. the with or to To the Minor the white located the Turn off the the from the and the Clean the white with cloth or slightly with and the to the the with or cloth. If this the enough, the and then the thoroughly with cloth to of the of (IPA) as cleaning those of California, please the previous and lint-free cloth. The cloth with
Cleaning the Cleaning the EN You to the cleaning this the of the process, and the this such as toner or To and these of the and the path. To clean the WARNING! the to this cleaning the the off the cord. If 220V turn off the switch. the and the CAUTION To the to light. the necessary. Also, the the the With lint-free cloth, or HP toner cloth from the and the cavity. the and the the to back If 220V the switch. or the If toner clothing or other off the toner with cloth. the items and CAUTION or heat from toner
Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and EN If toner or the clean the path. To the Press the and to the service Press the and buttons to the Cleaning Press If the might to or the the to to clean To the follow the instructions below: To the the as through of the lint-free cloth isopropyl and the with WARNING! the and cloth from the and the cord, allow the to completely. lint-free cloth, the to Allow the to completely the through of the of California, regulations the of (IPA) as cleaning those of California, please the previous and cloth. The cloth with
the the EN HP and to To the CAUTION to this might the the from the and allow the to cool. If 220V off the switch. the and the the Release the white of the and the the front. Gently the and
Cleaning and EN the or cleaned the of the previous Cleaning the instructions. and each from incorrectly positioning the the top of the from both Touching the the the and the the to back If 220V the switch.
the the the Cleaning the instructions. the EN If input than might to the Recurring that the worn. If warranty, If warranty, HP and to To the the from the and allow the to cool. the off. If 220V off the switch. the input trays. the To the from the spring-loaded base, screwdriver the the and the free. Touching the the
Cleaning and EN through the the spring-loaded (A) with hand, and the (B) with the other hand. With hand, the the of the previous (A). With the other hand, reach through the input and the spring-loaded (B). The the right to correctly. both of the CAUTION that the straight and that there the and the spring-loaded base. If the straight or the that the the right, the and both the input trays. the to back If 220V the switch. If the properly positioned, the or the
ADF ADF EN If HP without ADF, The ADF includes input and seconds. the ADF and when of If ADF, to HP and information ADF. To or ADF the and straight If existing ADF, first both the ADF of the On the ADF, the and the each the ADF the straight the both they click.
the ADF input the the input with the the ADF and the the Cleaning and EN Gently the ADF CAUTION To the allow the ADF to the the ADF when the
ADF assembly ADF assembly EN If ADF to the ADF assembly. HP and to ADF assembly. To the existing assembly, follow the below. the from the If 220V off the switch. the input and the ADF cover. Press the round while the the the The assembly should the the assembly and the exactly the The back, and the from the with the the Press the heard.
Cleaning and EN To installation, the The assembly should to the assembly and should that both of the assembly the the assembly and the ADF the input If the ADF, to ADF, or the ADF ADF
Removing and the and the EN the from the If 220V off the switch. the existing both of the the the CAUTION to or buttons the the the The notch should to the of the Press the and then outward the secured. the to back If 220V the switch.
Cleaning and EN
EN the following sections information: Product specifications using Selecting the ADF
Product specifications that specifications might the CAUTION This covered the warranty or service that with low-temperature such as those of thermography. letterhead. EN HP quality. The of such as cut-sheet (including and such as and factors affecting performance and quality. The of and other with the this user that these might the following Increased wear the HP and the of other they HP products, HP or their It to of the this and satisfactory This might the of and or other which purchase of that the specified this and and Other HP and information about the purchase Supported The following the inches) inches) that the of and of tears, and or If about what type of (such as or the the of or to the
The heat and to toner to the that or that with the C or second). EN Common Symptom with or toner or with feeding. or improperly. its Increased background Might too heavy. or Too or with feeding. short-grain or to or perforations. with or perforations. with feeding. selecting the of the following factors: Adhesives: The should C F), the with them. off that the causing serious to with than inch) of Condition: with or other indications of of that through the to withstand C F), the Too too rough, too smooth, or embossed. another of and Sheffield and to the straight-through path.
EN Envelope Envelope Envelope considerably, within from the the of the selecting the following factors: The of the should (28-pound), or might Construction: to should with than inch) and should that Condition: that the or otherwise From inches) to inches). with seams with seams both of the rather than seams. This might to that the the to the of the as shown the following with or with or with than that to with the heat and the C F). The and creasing, or Envelope of to quality. You should If trapped creating the might Card and heavy You of from the input including and postcards. than others its feeding through performance, than (42-pound). that too heavy might toner fusing, quality, or mechanical
You might to the input to and with smoothness rating of to Sheffield. Selecting the ADF the copying and the thin, or thick. The the and quality. The ADF recommended copying, scanning, and only from the ADF). Selecting the ADF EN Card Smoothness: (36-to 42-pound) should smoothness rating of to Sheffield. to 36-pound) should smoothness rating of to Sheffield. Construction: Card should with than inch) of Condition: that the or otherwise within the following inches) inches) Card If the or the straight-through path. least inch) from the edges. ADF capacity: The ADF to of to to 24-pound) within the following inches) inches)
EN
EN HP and the following topics to about and HP and HP (memory or
HP and HP and EN HP and chart You increase the with optional and and specifically HP to performance. Item or Product memory memory the to (DIMM) or increases MB and interface of from to IEEE 1284-B USB of connectivity from to ADF If with ADF, this C9143A to HP the HP to J6038A HP HP of of HPM1120 reams, each). HP HP with HP of reams, sheets each). HP HP with HP 92296T 92296U (A4) the HP Supplementary and Other MB MB MB MB C2950A C2951A IEEE 1284-B C7115A C7115X to and other with HP C7842A C7843A C7845A C7846A HPJ1124
Countries/Regions rating rating New South South Africa, United Ireland, SAR HP and EN Item or Used to the from the input RF0-1008-000CN and through the input Used to the RG0-1121-000CN Priority input Used to feed or first RG0-1122-000CN ADF input Used to feed the C9143-60102 Separation Used to sheets from feeding RF0-1014-000CN the through the path. ADF Used to the from the ADF input C7309-60016 assembly and through the ADF. ADF If ADF this to C9143-60101 (includes Copy If ADF and C9124-60117 this to only)
Country/Regions rating rating US, If country/region, of HP The warranty apply to from software, interfacing, or HP. HP and EN This section the following information HP HP To Recycling toner HP the of or remanufactured. they HP products, HP their or their Service or as of using covered the warranty. If the to the of that with the amount of toner the The toner
CAUTION or heat from toner CAUTION To to the to light. HP EN To To the following CAUTION To to the to light than the the from its and the the of the To the from the the and straight from the touching the the as shown, with the arrows the the The when the closed. If toner clothing or other off the toner with cloth. the items and the from its ready to The shelf of years. The of months.
(memory or HP and EN The of the the amount of toner that text coverage, the (C7115A) of The (C7115X) of This that the to and off (these the Recycling To reduce adopted recycling the HP Since the HP Cartridge Recycling collected than HP that otherwise might the To this recycling follow the instructions the To HP To or follow the instructions included the the recycling information the and the HP Information included the toner To the option While the toner each Selecting this option the of the and reduce reduce information. If memory (DIMM) to the HP or this information to with HP To DIMM or To DIMM To DIMM To DIMM or or memory DIMM, and the Memory shown the information, This apply DIMM.
(memory or EN To DIMM CAUTION DIMM without wearing grounded, might the DIMM. the the of the DIMM. Turn off the switch (220V only), and the the and the the DIMM from the the DIMM the top the DIMM front of the located the The should the and the should the top and
the back If 220V the switch. HP and EN the DIMM the that straight and the (A). The located the top and should To the the each other (B). the and the
(memory or EN To DIMM CAUTION DIMM without wearing grounded, might the DIMM. the the of the DIMM. Switch off the (220V only), and the the and the To the them outward (A). the DIMM the straight and the DIMM from the (B). the DIMM the and the the back If 220V switch the
HP and EN
EN Troubleshooting this section to specifically associated with Product turn or printed, there Printed from what appeared Clearing
Product or WARNING! If the try the mechanical the from the outlet and HP. to the that with the information HP. Troubleshooting EN the or USB and connected correctly? The or USB might the following: the or USB both and that printed the IEEE or USB HP and the of about to ECP other The HP If or switchbox connected to the as the HP the other might To and the HP the other or the You might to another interface strongly ECP interface the If using the the directly the the outlet to it If the switched the switch If 220V the switched the the The the the and the the the the The the to whether there of its the correctly? If the might incorrectly. The the ADF If the
printed, there EN there information. pulled the correctly? information. there information. the information. the than what appeared Printed from what appeared information. the the information. writing to LPT1 the following: the its Ready the and or USB correctly connected? the following: the and or USB both and them. another IEEE or USB another There This might another and software. The software the the and allow the HP to the the following: of the other that the correct. Access the the
Printed from what appeared Troubleshooting EN (crooked) the properly? the to the width and of the that and reprinting. Product or and the input information. information. More than the input too and the input information. the or the or from or the worn? the information. Product from the input the of the following: If appears the to the that the and the or Clean or the and Cleaning the or the instructions. when through the straight-through to straight through. or information. the text incorrect, or to the functioning. instructions. If successfully, the following: the and both
If features If features Printed from what appeared EN that correctly. If the and to another and that correctly. using IEEE or USB HP and information. The might selected when the software that the HP selected the There might with software from another software graphics or text there that The might the the and the the instructions. To the instructions. The graphic the might the type of that graphic the from information. The might the type of that the than another If or software) to the or the the software the might when to using or To this the following: and them the software) and of which HP to them. the and other from information. graphics The graphics might the following: the graphic such as the and them as necessary. from information. using (software).
Clearing Troubleshooting EN with that specifications. Product specifications information. that with that or that the clean. Cleaning the information. If to the straight-through path, and the to the release closed. To clear CAUTION might toner the If toner clothes, them permanently the toner the the and the straight-through the release the back of the If the from the front of the without the and with CAUTION To to the to light. the and With both the of the that (this includes the and free from the the the and the and the straight-through The release when the straight-through clearing might to the off and back of the from the input and straighten the of
If turned the off clearing the it back and then or copying HP the of supply (UPS) or with this and Clearing EN To clear other If the and the back of the the straight-through Gently the of the the straight-through If the where the the leading of the and the through the If the the ADF, Clearing ADF to the input The input capacity the type of that the input to the input while the types. Product information types. the The type and the amount of the capacity. the the connected to both the and the supply the grounded AC
Troubleshooting EN This section information about and correcting Light or The toner supply HP information. The might specifications the too or too rough). Product information. If the whole light, the too light or might turned the and the toner information. The might specifications the too or too rough). Product specifications information. The might to cleaned. Cleaning the instructions. Dropouts of might the The or the its with Product information.
If these the HP-authorized or service the that with information HP. EN The The to type or of The might defective. HP information. the of and to the instructions. that the input The photosensitive the scratched. HP instructions. background that the input Decrease the through HP This the amount of background the software the to Product specifications information. the humidity) increase the amount of background HP instructions.
Troubleshooting EN smear The might too the of and to the instructions. If toner smears appear the leading of the the might dirty. the with lint-free cloth. Cleaning the information. the type and HP instructions. toner Select the of and choose the that instructions. This HP the software Clean the of the Cleaning and instructions. the type and Product information. HP HP instructions. the directly AC outlet instead of The might If the the HP instructions.
EN The internal might toner them. Cleaning and information. If the the back of the the Select the of and choose the that instructions. This HP the software characters If characters improperly hollow the might too Product information. If characters improperly the might service. information. If the characters improperly HP-authorized or service the that with information HP. that the correctly and the too tight or too the and the input information. The ADF input might too Loading originals to or information. the type and Product information.
Troubleshooting EN or the type and quality. Both high and to Product specifications information. The might the input too Turn the of the Also, rotating the the input the straight-through and straight through. The might too high. instructions. This HP the software You the from the The the Service the to the lowest Its off. the instructions below to this On the the and buttons, Service and the and buttons, and or creases that properly. and the input information. Check the type and Product specifications information. the straight-through and try straight through. Turn the of the Also, try rotating the the input
EN If amounts of toner around the characters, the might resisting the (A amount of toner type. Product specifications information. Turn the of the Product specifications information. or Cartridge The or there the cavity. correctly instructions the checking the the securely. the the the or to its Ready Empty, The of the input or the input instructions the input trays, and the input If already loaded, and and the input the the the or to its Ready The copying or and of the following displayed the Service CCD If displays of these the the and then back If the HP service the the included with the or
If the to clearing Clearing information. the To whether information. Troubleshooting EN The following that appear the To Clear Path Cartridge Empty. Clear, Memory Press to the that action such as or clearing appears, the the the and the user to to the Once the corrected the the the or back to the Ready The to this when the to the this instance the the and allow the to the Warning The following warning that appear the Not Enough Memory. Cleared To Too To that enough that the notified. They the of the or the of the appears, the active might The seconds. If the warning related to and the the seconds. If there from the or the the If off, the related the to or to the
EN Troubleshooting these topics to or or Clearing ADF and correcting
or or Troubleshooting EN the input the and the input information. the correctly? that the correctly: ADF input The should top the ADF input with the to facing Loading originals to or information. the with the top of the located the right of the the selected? HP Copy that the to selected the as the when the the The might the the the and the information. the using the If the the the of The of the the and of the the with HP HP software instructions. If too light, the might to the the background? Colored backgrounds might the foreground to too or the background to appear HP to the copying or to the HP software instructions. This section information the following topics: Preventing and correcting Preventing The following to
Recurring feed the worn. HP and to the information about the Clearing ADF Clearing ADF EN Copy from the This higher than copying from the ADF. the correctly. If the incorrectly, might causing and with the OCR and the input instructions. or the straight-through the to the If copying to weight the closed). If copying to heavy the straight-through If than the information, the or to To clear from the ADF Occasionally, becomes or of the include the following: The ADF input improperly or too Loading originals to or information. The HP specifications. Selecting the ADF information. You of the software and the Typical ADF locations areas: If the sticking of the input to from the input without tearing the If ADF instructions. paths: If the sticking of the to without tearing the If Removing ADF instructions. Intermediate location: If the of both the input and the ADF instructions.
Troubleshooting EN Removing ADF the ADF input and the ADF cover. the cleanout both the the and the cleanout and the the to the without tearing If to the the ADF and the both the free, the shown.
and correcting and correcting EN the to the the the cleanout as shown. the the It to the cleanout correctly, as might the cleanout properly placed. the ADF and the ADF input white or The might specifications the too or too rough). Product information. The toner might HP instructions.
Troubleshooting EN The might the ADF, the with the and the to facing Loading originals to or instructions. If when from the the correctly. the the with the top of the located the right of the The might specifications the too or too rough). Product specifications information. The toner might HP instructions. The might from the HP instructions. Too light or the HP HP software information. the the information. You might to the the associated function HP Director or HP the software Unwanted the input cleaning the Cleaning the of the instructions. The photosensitive the scratched. HP HP instructions. Black or correction or might the ADF or cleaning the Cleaning the of the instructions. Unclear text the HP HP software information. the the information. You might to the the associated function HP Director or HP the software
and correcting EN Reduced The HP software might to reduce the the software information about the HP Director and HP HP software information about the HP
Troubleshooting EN
EN Troubleshooting these topics to Scanned of of the or text The text edited The too appear the The nothing and correcting
Scanned of of the or text Troubleshooting EN the or photographs, such as those newspapers or using of that of the photograph, which dramatically the the that, when and or displayed, detected. If the following might to of the To the reducing the of the scanning. Enhancing with HP or HP information. the to the that and the type of that and information. the the ADF, scanning. the when printed? The displayed the of the of the the to (or of Typically, this selecting found the the and the software. and information. the (crooked)? The might incorrectly. It to the when the originals the ADF. Loading originals to or information. the white or other information. the dirty? If the dirty, the clarity. Cleaning the of the instructions. graphics appear from the The graphics might the type of that the graphics from information. the correctly? that the correctly. Loading originals to or instructions.
to the from the ADF; might the or CAUTION Clearing ADF instructions. The text edited The text edited EN the background? Colored backgrounds the foreground to too the the or the the and information. the than inches)? The inches) the ADF. If the the length, the the too The the ADF the HP inches). The might Clearing ADF instructions. HP Director? property HP Director might to other than the HP Director to to This that the attached to as the software instructions the HP Director. the correct? Scan the HP Scan that the input enough the that scanning. text selected Scan and that text selected If OCR operation text the software to text (OCR)? Text as the Character (OCR) the text that Scanning with OCR information. the correctly? OCR, the top and the ADF. If using the to originals correctly. the the with the top of the located the right of the the OCR might to that OCR the software information about applications.
The too appear the Troubleshooting EN the tightly The OCR might text that tightly spaced. the text that the OCR or characters, might appear as Text classified as graphic and therefore to the of The of the OCR the text and of the and the of the that the background? Colored backgrounds the foreground to too the the or the the and information. If OCR text or too high? If the and too high, the and To when or copying, that the and and information. software to to which to If through TWAIN, the to the software or to If or to the the the and memory, which that the might the that with to the BIOS The recommended the ECP. USB to TWAIN If from another such as or another that the other TWAIN Non-TWAIN-compliant with the HP software. that connected the USB or to the the back of If another try attaching the to the other that SPP-(bidirectional) or SPP the ECP recommended. the that with information about
The nothing The nothing EN might the with the If or switchbox connected to the USB or as the HP the other might To and the HP the other or the You might to another interface strongly ECP interface the that with information about interface or conflicts. that the TWAIN selected. the software, the TWAIN selecting from the the correctly? that the correctly: ADF input Top the ADF input and the to facing To originals the ADF input information. the the with the top of the located the right of the This section information the following topics: Preventing and correcting Preventing The following to and the rather than the ADF, to the correctly. If the incorrectly, might causing and with the OCR and the input instructions. or the straight-through the to the If copying to the closed). If copying to heavy the straight-through the software to to the Enhancing with HP or HP and and information. If frequently than the information, the Recurring feed that the worn. HP and to the information about the or to
and correcting Troubleshooting EN The might the ADF, the top of the the ADF input with the and the first to top of the Loading originals to or instructions. If when from the the correctly. the the with the top of the located the right of the Too light or the the and and information. You might to the the associated function HP Director or HP the software Unwanted correction or might the cleaning the Cleaning the of the instructions. Black or correction or might the cleaning the Cleaning the of the instructions. Unclear text the the and and information. You might to the the associated function HP Director or HP the software Reduced The HP software might to reduce the the software information about the HP Director and HP
EN Troubleshooting the topics this chapter to troubleshoot These apply to the phone The feeding The them of the to from the or connected to the Incoming or received or incorrectly instead of too light or of the activity or reports correctly The too high or
phone Troubleshooting EN the following to what causing might encountering. the with the This tested with the phone to RJ11 specifications. the the the It should the (the top with L to You the to the Connecting the to phone the that with the seated the the Gently the Fax/Phone to seated the the properly? that tone attaching to the Can hear tone and to the and that there tone and that phone What type of Dedicated assigned to or The should connected to the top the of the (the that with telephone Shared where both and or using the and phone function You while the or while to the the PBX business and the HP PBX and incompatible with and with such as the HP You to to phone to and phone where, when incoming the to the attaching the to the first incoming phone The the phone the of the rings-to-answer rings-to-answer Distinctive service: The phone assign to physical and each distinctive the to to the distinctive assigned to the service
or T should with the as they the of the If to to the phone with the the the (the the the Connecting the to phone the that with instructions. If connected the with the to The feeding The feeding EN phone to or to or to the from the of of T allowing to the phone outlets from with phone connected to and the Connecting the to the that with instructions. protection This the and the to the through the phone These the of the phone If or and using of these the directly to the phone the to whether the with the protection using phone service? This service to telephone If the services rings-to-answer than the rings-to-answer the service the and the to If the rings-to-answer than that of the service, the and routed to the service. The only that with the should connected directly to the located the of the that with the telephone or should shared the the rings-to-answer than the of which the rings-to-answer information. the too or too the ADF? The of inches). of inches). The the ADF inches). If the item too the ADF.
The them Troubleshooting EN If there and than If there Clearing and the there with the to? to there with the of the following: Turn the the and the If hear the phone the from the phone and to to the PBX If PBX the PBX might tone the the tone the tone there phone If think there might this phone the and successfully. The the option to To the while the the to the the off or the to the and ready to the memory? might memory to there other of to or the If memory of these reasons, the appears the the activity the activity and the with
of the to from phone the phone or connected to the Incoming of the EN The of or characters that the the instructions about this the telephone securely connected? that the telephone securely connected the phone and the (or other to the Press three seconds, then the phone connected properly? Connecting the to the that with the to the The the first connected to the phone the and rings-to-answer properly? the or rings-to-answer to which The rings-to-answer higher than the the or phone functioning? the phone or directly to the phone and whether the to If the to the You to the and the yourself. the information. the rings-to-answer correctly? the rings-to-answer rings-to-answer or to the that with the to which
Troubleshooting EN the turned If the turned the service, or the service and the correctly, this with the to properly. the connected properly? Connecting the to the that with the to the using the phone that with the there played with the to Re-record leaving least seconds of the of the there too connected to the the connected and whether the If and each the phone of the following: Turn the the and the If hear the phone the from the and to phone to the phone service with the of the following: the service. phone to the to the yourself. the to and the rings-to-answer the to than the rings-to-answer the rings-to-answer The the of If the of and its memory to the input The of the memory and then
or or incorrectly instead of too light or of the or EN or such as with graphics, to or received. the The the the the the which the or high? higher typically quality, If the and the to the and the If the and the the to the there If there phone the and the the to and the If this the the phone there the input If there the input while the input memory and once the the to PC option selected? If the to PC option selected, received the to information this the autoreduction correctly? If to reduced to the autoreduction should If the off, autoreduction incoming to the the of toner while The to of the recently as the and To
activity or reports correctly The too high or Troubleshooting EN the activity and correct? and when the reports and the activity to to the the to the instructions about
EN Troubleshooting network You the information this chapter to troubleshoot the following sections information: Troubleshooting the to factory the
Troubleshooting Troubleshooting EN The below troubleshoot each turn. Please the below the listed. ON and READY If with the USB OK? (USB light ON If with the OK? light ON If with the the OK? light or light ON If with the Can ON and READY The first troubleshooting to that the attached ready to from the To this, the lights or to whether ON and READY. If switched and the ready to with USB OK? (USB light ON If the ready to or what to the topic. ON and READY? the following items to that and ready to the and switched that the and switched The should If these items and the shows of or the ready? The should Ready If to that there the or Clearing instructions. the securely closed. If the Ready the If to to from through the and ready USB OK? (USB light ON The HP to its using USB If the USB correctly, the USB light the ON (bright and continuously, If the USB correctly, the USB light off, or If USB light ON with OK? light ON
Troubleshooting EN If USB light ON or what to with the following troubleshooting topics. that the connecting to USB host)it with USB only. that the connected to both the and the that both the and the the items and the USB light ON What the of the USB light? The of the USB light the of the USB If the USB light ON the topic below to troubleshooting. the USB light ON the USB light It should ON (bright and continuously, If ON follow the troubleshooting below. that USB connected and the USB the It should USB A-to-B as shown below: USB light OFF If the USB light OFF, that the USB This OK the finishes (whether or USB attached). If the light OFF then the the the and re-attaching the light to (when the finishes). the USB light ON If with OK? light ON If that from HP technical the that with information HP. USB light If the USB light that the to USB the the this USB to the This rather the and the connected The HP USB (including USB and All-in-One It USB USB or USB the USB light ON If with OK? light ON
that the (typically and that the the Troubleshooting EN If connected to USB that from HP technical the that with information HP. USB light If the USB light there might short-circuit, or too To the USB the Switch the off. the and back Then the USB If the USB light and steady, then the USB light there these to which might causing the the USB and the and back If the USB LED and steady, the OK. If the faulty. reconnecting the USB to the only, and the and back If the USB LED and steady, the OK. If the faulty. the and the USB to the If the USB LED and steady, the OK. If the the USB light ON If with OK? light ON If to the indicated If the with the or the USB with the from HP technical the that with information HP. OK? light ON The light information the of the and its physical to the If correctly, the light should ON (bright and continuously, If the correctly, the light off, or If light ON with OK? light or light ON If light ON or what to the topics below to the of the the light ON the light It should ON (bright and continuously, If ON please follow the troubleshooting below. of the below, that when first apply to normally operating the light seconds and then ON when the ready operation.
Troubleshooting EN If necessary, try the the items and the light ON What the of the light? The of the light the of the and its physical to the If the light ON its the below and troubleshooting. light OFF If the light OFF, Fixing this from HP technical the that with the information contacting HP. light The light should ON to that OK and that the connected properly to the If the light please the below and as necessary. that the connected securely to the that the securely the hub/switch/router, and that the to the that the LINK light ON the the hub/switch/router to which the connected. If the light the hub/switch/router. the light ON If with OK? light or light ON If that from HP technical the that with information HP. light Fixing this from HP technical the that with information contacting HP. OK? light or light ON The lights, the light and the light, whether the initiate the right with switch, or router. One of the lights, the light or the light, should ON (bright and continuously, to with the hub/switch/router. If there both the and lights off. If of the lights ON with the I/O If neither of the lights ON or what to follow the instructions below to the of the
Troubleshooting EN of the lights ON the lights these lights built the One of the lights, the light or the light, both, should ON to lights OFF the below and that the connected securely to the that the securely the hub/switch/router, and that the to the (If hub/switch/router to its automatically, to manually or only. this to to the the and then that the LINK light ON the the hub/switch/router to which the connected. If the light the hub/switch/router. these ON of the lights? If with the I/O If that from HP technical the that with of technical telephone numbers. the I/O the I/O of the following these To the the the If the to On the that the reports its as I/O Card Ready. The the first the Information section, the of the the the If shows of I/O Card Not Ready, with Can To the the should the connected This displays information about the the firmware the (MAC) the connected connectivity, traffic, and the the If the The that the to the attached both as of the the and the and as of the of the the the
that the HP to USB host)it with USB only. that the connected to both the and the EN If to with the instructions the I/O If the these connected to USB A-to-B (This the USB that the and the that the Ready. You whether the the (PDL) that the If the the the or the to the automatically. It that the to which should You through the four the following Press and the about three seconds, the LED to to the the LED flashing Then release the and release the once to the the that printed. these to four necessary to read. If the to to which of the following four ASCII PCL HP/GL-2 It to the the and the the the from the then back this with the switched ON. If shows of I/O Card Not Ready, below the This what the from functioning correctly. From the below, the that the The instructions the topics of each
the to factory Troubleshooting network EN LAN EXTERNAL LOOPBACK LAN INFINITE DEFERRAL LAN RETRY FAULTS LAN NO LINKBEAT Other If the that the from HP technical the that with information HP. LAN EXTERNAL LOOPBACK The incorrectly connected to the or that correctly attached to other cabling and correcting this HP technical the that with information HP. LAN INFINITE DEFERRAL There correcting this HP technical the that with information contacting HP. LAN RETRY FAULTS There with network cabling or with that hub/switch/router operating correctly. correcting this HP technical the that with information contacting HP. LAN NO LINKBEAT the connected to Base-Tx this the Beat the and that the hub/switch/router Beat. correcting this HP technical the that with information contacting HP. Once the the retained memory manually them to factory To the HP to factory follow these the from the back of the While holding the the of the the back the and to the about seconds.
the the EN The or displays statistics, and the To the the HP the from (such as HP JetAdmin), or the the
Troubleshooting EN information and information. of the I/O Card Ready the connected to the and The of the HP J6038A). The LAN (MAC) of the or attached to the This assigned the The firmware of the currently the The X.NN.NN, where that the the LAN the that Select the connected to the the of the RJ-45 LAN the 10BASE-T HALF half-duplex. whether IEEE the Negotiation or (off). The HP Customer ID the of of the HP I/O Card the the information, the each the I/O Card Not Ready there with the or its and the ready. RJ-45 the RJ-45 connected. 10BASE-T FULL 100TX HALF half-duplex. 100TX FULL Unknown the Disconnected detected. On: the to the the or and or
the EN whether SNMP community SNMP Cmty the SNMP community write to SNMP (SNMP the Not SNMP community Heads the section the USB information USB the of the The and the attached to the USB information the USB the connected to the of the attached USB the of the attached of the attached USB Communication IEEE and (All-in-One) that allows of and Network statistics the network the of the without This includes broadcast, and specifically to the This include specifically to other SNMP community MLC and (All-in-One) that allows of and Bidirectional to the and information from the Unidirectional one-way from to found of detected. and the connected
Troubleshooting EN of specifically to this This Unicast include broadcasts or of with the of CRC and CRC with CRC with of cabling with of without of transmitted of of of repeated Collisions of because occurred. cabling the Collisions TCP/IP information the and the TCP/IP TCP Ready the TCP/IP. The the It truncated. BOOTP or TFTP The (IP) assigned to the This IP its TCP/IP temporary displayed. IP assigned, which IP Not IP assigned or the TCP/IP manually the searching the BOOTP or trying to the through TFTP. displayed. and the ready. the where the of the LAN (MAC)
the EN The IP the temporary displayed. the The IP of the when off the Gateway temporary displayed. If the IP of the used. Not the obtained its IP BOOTP BOOTP BOOTP or DHCP or RARP Displayed while the to its BOOTP/DHCP TCP/IP from BOOTP or DHCP The temporary displayed Not the IP or to the The IP of the where the TFTP located. TFTP the temporary displayed. Not TFTP The of the The pathname truncated to Not specified the BOOTP from the host. BOOTP/TFTP BOOTP and TFTP DHCP DHCP DHCP/TFTP DHCP and TFTP RARP the the HP JetAdmin, or other IP the IP assigned. This Not the with IP that TCP/IP or Displayed BOOTP, DHCP, or RARP TCP/IP It the IP of the that to the TCP/IP the Not the IP or to the
Troubleshooting EN The (DNS) of the which the support.company.com). It the DNS the included printer1.support.company.com). the The IP of the (DNS) DNS Not DNS IP the The IP of the Service (WINS) WINS Not WINS IP the The IP of the the Not The timeout seconds which the Timeout TCP and seconds. of off the timeout The seconds. whether the Service Location (SLP) SLP installation. the SLP whether the Access the IP of or IP of that allowed to the and the If the found the network HP JetAdmin, the URL of URL the HP services displayed. The URL to and truncated. Not Specified the URL of the HP or the SLP Not the allowed access.
the EN IPX/SPX information the and the IPX/SPX Indicates the IPX/SPX Ready the IPX/SPX. the type selection the Select the and the type to the first detected. The first headed Network the associated Network with each type and the Unknown the trying to which to EN_II EN_802.2 EN_SNAP EN_802.3 The third headed each type. IPX/SPX manually the the or displayed. and the EN_II the type to IPX Ethernet others counted and EN_802.2 the type to IPX IEEE with IEEE others counted and EN_SNAP the type to IPX SNAP with IEEE others counted and EN_802.3 the type to IPX IEEE others counted and The headed the type associated with each type manually the the type to the the type that manually
Troubleshooting EN Novell/NetWare information the and the NetWare Indicates the NetWare Ready the below), this the IPX/SPX of the It match the NetWare The where the of the LAN (MAC) The NetWare the NetWare that the directly from the It when the the of the Directory Services (NDS) tree this NDS Tree NDS of NetWare heierarchical tree Not or NDS the NDS where the NDS the NDS CN=lj_pserver.OU=support.OU=mycity.OU=mycompany Not or NDS the NSG (Nearest Service Query) or Attached GSQ Service Query) and the of the to the Not or NetWare This the seconds) that the to The seconds. the seconds) that the SAP Service (SAP) broadcasts the The seconds. NetWare to which the attached. IPX/SPX manually the the or displayed. and the ready. Remote below), this the specified when the The where the of the LAN (MAC) with the following that the NetWare
the EN information the and the Indicates the Ready the The of the the the that there with this and this the instance of the The of the which the located. The type of the the displayed. The Network which the currently Network The that the chose as of its DLC/LLC information the and the DLC/LLC Indicates the DLC/LLC Ready the manually the the or displayed. and the ready. The phase (P2) the DLC/LLC manually the the or displayed. and the ready.
Troubleshooting EN and LAN ERROR- INTERNAL LOOPBACK LAN ERROR- EXTERNAL LOOPBACK LAN ERROR- CONTROLLER CHIP LAN ERROR- INFINITE DEFERRAL the If the intact, the self-test: the off, then If the LAN ERROR- BABBLE the the If the intact, the 0A turn the off, then If the LAN ERROR- NOSQE the 0C LAN ERROR- RECEIVER OFF 0D LAN ERROR- TRANSMITTER OFF 0E LAN ERROR- LOSS OF CARRIER There with cabling or the the cabling and If LAN ERROR- UNDERFLOW with the self-test: and the the If the there with the LAN ERROR- RETRY FAULTS self-test, the internal loopback The If the the The incorrectly to or defective. correctly attached to the cabling and the If the intact, the the off, then If the the There If the to the this There with cabling or the the cabling and Ethernet If with the self-test: and the the If the there with the There with cabling or the the cabling and Ethernet If with the self-test: and the the If the there with the the If the intact, the and the the If the the There with cabling or operation of the or switch
the EN and With 10/100Base-Tx connected, Beat the and that the or LAN ERROR- NO LINKBEAT Beat. NETWORK RECONFIG- MUST REBOOT The information the NetWare correctly the the software, CONFIGURATION ERROR or other to the If this there with the The NetWare. the software, or other to the NOT CONFIGURED NetWare The to the NetWare Remote or There UNABLE TO FIND SERVER to service or that matched the or The that the the NetWare NetWare (such as PCONSOLE) to the PASSWORD ERROR the the The HP that the assigned to service. Assign to the NO QUEUE ASSIGNED or NetWare 1A PRINTER NUMBER NOT DEFINED The NetWare assigned to the already 1B another Assign This PRINTER NUMBER IN USE when which the the and the or the to the that the or and that the or the matches the the or that and routers functioning correctly. the the of the connected. the the of the connected. NetWare this Assign to the NetWare (such as PCONSOLE), the or another to assign
Troubleshooting EN and 1C PRINT SERVER NO DEFINED 1D UNABLE TO CONNECT TO SERVER 1E FAIL RESERVING PRINTER NUM 1F ERR NEGOTIATING BUFFER SIZE when the to the This caused the existing the UNABLE TO LOGIN or security that the from the and correct. PCONSOLE to the the when the to the the the to without UNABLE TO SET PASSWORD the automatically.) This or security UNABLE TO CONNECT TO SERVER The that to the specified NetWare software, NetWare (such as PCONSOLE), or another to the the the displayed the of the connected. Remote The to establish SPX with the NetWare that the NetWare and that and routers functioning correctly. The SPX to the when the attempted to the This or with the and routers functioning correctly. restarting the detected when selecting the to when reading from the This the the only displayed the of the connected. the the the of the connected. the the only the of the connected. The establish NCP to the that the connected. the the the of the connected.
the EN and UNABLE TO ATTACH TO QUEUE PSERVER CLOSED CONNECTION DISCONNECTING SPX TIMEOUT UNKNOWN NCP RETURN CODE UNEXPECTED PSERVER DATA RCVD The to from its internal memory. This possibly to heavy or OUT OF BUFFERS amounts of directed to the UNABLE TO SENSE NET NUMBER 2A NDS ERR: EXCEEDS MAX SERVERS 2B NDS ERR: UNABLE TO LOGIN to the NetWare directory that the 2C the directory the AUTHENTICATION ERROR when the to to of the assigned to the This to to this There or security PCONSOLE to that allowed to to the to the from the of the to service other or to the and (the to the of the the the of the connected. The NetWare termination of the with the or indicated. the NetWare and necessary. The SPX to the the This or with the and routers functioning correctly. restarting the The to the of this including or router The when the its to This possibly software The trying than three to the NetWare the that and routers operating correctly. that the NetWare type and routing correct. More assigned than the or from the to serviced to the NetWare directory that the the directory the Clear the using NWADMIN or NetWare
Troubleshooting EN and 2D NDS ERR: CHANGE PSSWRD FAILED 2E NDS SERVER PUBLIC KEY ERROR 2F NDS ERR: SRVR NAME UNRESOLVD NDS PRINT SERVER NAME ERROR NDS PS PRINTER LIST ERROR NDS PRINTER OBJ NOTIFY ERR NDS PRINT OBJ QUEUE LIST ERR NDS ERR: UNRESOLVD PRNTR OBJ NDS ERR: INVALID SRVR VERS NDS ERR: NO PRINTER OBJECTS NDS ERR: MAX PRINT OBJECTS NDS ERR: NO QUEUE OBJECTS NDS ERR: MAX QUEUE OBJECTS the to the expected the mismatch. to the or the NDS The the located. The this or The located the NDS of that should assigned to the The of assigned to the located. The of assigned to the located. The located the NDS directory. The of the NetWare supported. assigned to the to this Too assigned to the NetWare (such as NWADMIN), reduce the of assigned to the assigned to the located the NDS directory. Too assigned to the the of assigned.
the EN and 3A UND ERR: UNABLE TO FIND TREE 3B NDS CONNECTION STATE ERROR 3C NDS ERR: UNRESOLVED QUEUE 3D NDS ERR: CANNOT READ HOST 3E NDS PRNT SRVR PUBLIC KEY ERR 3F UNABLE TO GET NDS SRVR ADDR ARP DUPLICATE IP ADDRESS The the of its NOVRAM. the and back If the NOVRAM ERROR the (while holding the the back of the the back the and to the about seconds. If the HP technical the that with the information HP. The IP specified the (through BOOTP) IP specifying Bootptab INVALID IP ADDRESS The IP specified the (through BOOTP) Bootptab INVALID SUBNET MASK INVALID GATEWAY ADDRESS The IP specified the (through BOOTP) IP specifying INVALID SYSLOG ADDRESS Bootptab The NDS tree located. The when the or when The the NDS the The located the specified NDS the the The this or mismatch. to the that the assigned to the and or other The NDS located or accessed. The ARP another the the IP as the information below this shows the of the other The IP specified the (through BOOTP) IP specifying Bootptab
Troubleshooting EN and The TFTP IP specified the (through BOOTP) IP specifying Bootptab INVALID SERVER ADDRESS INVALID TRAP DEST ADDRESS CF ERR FILE INCOMPLETE the TFTP than the CF ERR LINE TOO LONG 4A CF ERR UNKNOWN KEYWORD 4B CF ERR MISSING PARAMETER 4C CF ERR INVALID PARAMETER 4D CF ERR ACCESS LIST EXCEEDED 4E CF ERR TRAP LIST EXCEEDED The TFTP of the from the to the 4F with the TFTP ERROR to the TFTP REMOTE ERROR The TFTP of the from the to the with the encountering of inactivity TFTP LOCAL ERROR timeout or The of the TFTP of the from the to the TFTP RETRIES EXCEEDED One of the SNMP (Trap PDU) IP specified the (through TFTP) IP specifying TFTP The TFTP contained that character. TFTP the TFTP the TFTP of the that The TFTP specified too using the allow: The TFTP specified too the
the EN and the BOOTP or DHCP that the received. The the UDP to BAD BOOTP/DHCP REPLY the BOOTP/DHCP header of bytes, operation field that BOOTPREPLY(0X02), header field that match the or UDP that the BOOTP/DHCP The field the BOOTP or than the of the BAD BOOTP TAG SIZE The currently the of its basic IP information through BOOTP/RARP. BOOTP/RARP IN PROGRESS The currently the of its basic IP information through BOOTP/DHCP, and detected BOOTP/DHCP IN PROGRESS The acknowledgment from the DHCP to DHCP NAK UNABLE TO CONNECT DHCP SVR POSTSCRIPT MODE NOT SELECTED INCOMPLETE F/W MUST DOWNLOAD Download of firmware 5A the TURN PRINTER OFF/ON The because of or DISCONNECTING FROM This clears seconds, the SERVER off or servicing another I/O or another F1 TRYING TO CONNECT TO SERVER The IP from DHCP with the DHCP of the DHCP If lease assigned, the the IP of the DHCP used, DHCP The or Currently downloading firmware to the or the properly. The trying to to the NetWare This the established or another appears.
Troubleshooting network EN Information (The location the HP and products) Customer (The location the HP and products) Customer of the options offered HP and information such as numbers and information to the the HP the HP English)
EN Definition type of Ethernet that cabling to to the 100-BaseTx type of Ethernet known as that cabling to to the 10/100-BaseTx This that with both and 100-BaseTx. products with both of these, including HP IEEE (the of 1284-B and 1284-B to type the of the which attaches to the peripheral 1284-B than 1284-C The of the when using or reduced using The ADF to feed ADF originals the scanning, or faxing. or highlighting to inexpensive architecture built Apple computers. The of to The the of the of that to the Microsoft that the (such as the of as of
EN BNC type of with cabling. BNC that matching interface when the twisted. BOOTP Short that workstation to its IP the IP of BOOTP the and to memory to the This the workstation to without or The RFC of the intensity of the The the brightness the the the higher the the the Short browser, software to and Chooser The Chooser of the OS that allows of the to with the software. that of the Chooser to and (such as or other computers) connected to the architecture which each or the or or to traffic, and or workstations which users such as and The of reducing to The of selected, the HP the the of of together the following that the that the The the and light of The the the closely the each other. The higher the the the from each other. which OLE That the To of The of the that selected while the that selected .PCX where each .PCX this and to and from the DCX to that exclusively or
EN DHCP Short assigning IP to With IP to the the IP while connected. DHCP of and IP the software of IP rather than to the This that to without the of manually assigning IP Memory board that memory. memory (SIMM) to the memory, whereas DIMM path. distinctive offered telephone New Zealand, the United States, and the United that allows or three phone to the Each and the to the distinctive of the DLC Short Every interface DLC or DLC that the the inch of and Generally, inch higher amount of the and the HP reduces the amount of toner that the The to ECP that the PC and attached (such as Software that to items created with and created another the rather than that the its The with the OLE Ethernet type of as the industry Ethernet known as IEEE Information that they arrive the without with other network or to from to its The of and the of the telephone The software items to which and software.
EN Fax-related from the that the or once to the Ready such as clearing memory. These functions their section the Fax-related items that, when or to the choice would the of the to These their section of the The the of or of the the Graphics Format, CompuServe and other of that light and of to where of halftone type that the of Highly of of while of of .HPD that the HP HP To the HP the the (or connected to the instead of using The then to the using the HP and its HP the 10/100BaseTx, BNC, or HP Director HP software when with the the and the connected directly to the the HP Director appears the allowing faxing, or of the to HP Network peripheral software allows and software from of peripheral connected to HP the HP the HP or software (or BOOTP, DHCP, or or to to the the commonly to of LAN. arrives to the other that of the LAN hypertext from of to another. or phrase or graphic clicked, the to the phrase, or graphic. network based TCP/IP to only the organizations or others with authorization. and other the firewall surrounding off unauthorized access. Intranets to information internally within organization.
EN IP or TCP/IP Networks the TCP/IP based the IP of the IPP The the users the The IPP allows users about to the of the and previously IPX/SPX Inc. as the its NetWare operating the HP to the the TCP/IP or IPX/SPX JPEG) Photographic Group, international photographic LED Light that lights when electricity through red. They they relatively and they burn However, they than to or that to information from the software to other such as and OCR The the of the or that such as software. that with the software. OCR software to item NetWare Inc.s operating the PC NetWare the IPX/SPX or TCP/IP It MS-DOS, Microsoft OS/2, and Unix or or peripheral, such as the HP that connected to Character (OCR) software 1284-B. graphic that graphic This which to type of architecture which each workstation and they offer the performance as architectures. that attached to and The to and the what to the Fonts of the to PS as that appears the and matching the to of Incorporated. OCR software of such as that spreadsheet, and
EN PPD PPD the and to the features and commands the of Incorporated. HP that to features. formatting commands (such as and selection) (such as PS, or PCL), and then the to the (The PD of Incorporated.) Branch switching that typically (PBX) businesses or to telephone within the organization. PBX to the switched telephone (PSTN) and or the to or outgoing Normally, the the rather than leased from the telephone switched telephone The telephone or of that (PSTN) assigned numbers, which allow them to to the PSTN through telephone this phrase when to or other non-telephone services initially established telephone and ordinary switched telephone The sharpness of measured inch The higher the the the RJ45 that telephone houses wires instead of Both Ethernet (10/100Base-Tx) and this type of shared telephone that both and that to covers the item information beneath or to Words searched using the command. that protects and from with protection built the supply, to purchase summary information Information about the such as or to item the Summary Information to the item quickly. TCP/IP The facto Ethernet TCP/IP the HP to the the TCP/IP or IPX/SPX Format, (or TIFF) graphic that to It computers, computers, and UNIX computers. graphic the
EN which conflicts the of that to the while to and then the to the IEEE the type of what-you-see-is-what-you-get (WYSIWYG) which that the of to what appears the TWAIN industry and software. with initiated from within the twisted type of commonly Ethernet URL Uniform the of and the The first of the what to the the IP or the where the located. USB Universal (USB) the USB Inc. to and the USB to concurrently USB to background text to printed. the background text of that the selection from of and the and as as whether the the the first only or of that products with shared with co-workers, commonly the HP and using such as and the HP (or using network to the using the the of together Workgroup computing when the connected to that allows them to to another, and To the To the of the
EN
EN Specifications and information these sections and information the following products: HP HP HP stewardship HP
HP Specifications and information EN HP HP specifications AC to C to F) from AC C to C to F) Acoustics copying*: sound ISO Sound to to copying: Relative Humidity: to Humidity: than Sound and other operations, acoustic to 240V to and
HP EN Physical specifications inches) with ADF: and and A4 of or to input capacity of or Priority input to of inches) inches) to to weight memory MB of ROM/Flash and MB of RAM memory One DIMM or MB RAM DIMM inch month PCL and of Incorporated and Copy to Depth: inches) Height: inches) without ADF: than seconds Straight through to to month
Specifications and information EN to Copy reduction or to Acoustic ISO sound while copying and ratings Margins items inch) inch) right inch) top and items month Scan PPI ADF to sheets of or to inches) to inches) to month Memory specifications USB IEEE 1284-B with IEEE 1284-B The and Health (CDRH) of the U.S. Food and Administration implemented regulations products products the United States. This as Class the U.S. of Health and Services (DHHS) Radiation to ECP
WARNING! or other than those specified this to or to the that HP the authority to this of shielded interface to comply with the Class of of FCC HP EN Performance to the Radiation Health and of Since this completely within protective housings and covers, the beam phase of operation. FCC regulations This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and If and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase and receiver. to from that to which the located. or technician.
Specifications and information EN Declaration of Conformity The following Declaration of Conformity with ISO/IEC and EN45014. It the and and specifications the community. Declaration of Conformity to ISO/IEC and EN Address: that the Product C9124A, C9125A, C9126A, C9151A, C9709A (including C9143A ADF Accessory) Product ALL conforms to the following Product Specifications: Safety: IEC 60950:1991+A1:1992+A2:1993+A3:1995+A4:1996 EN 60950:1992+A1:1993 A2:1993 A3:1995 A4:1997 A11:1997 IEC A1:1997/ EN A11:1996 Class Product CISPR A1:1995 A2:1996 EMC: EN A1:1995 A2:1997 Class EN 61000-3-2:1995+A14:2000 EN EN55024:1998 FCC CFR, Class ICES-002, AS NZS A1 A2:1997 TELECOM TBR-21:1998; EG Supplementary Information: The herewith with the of the Directive 73/23/EEC and the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC and the accordingly. The tested typical with This with of the FCC to the following Conditions: this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. C9126A) functionality and therefore with the referenced and the R&TTE Directive 1999/5/EC II) and the accordingly. USA Contact: Product Regulations Blackburn, Contact: and Service Office or HQ-TRE D-71034 (FAX: USA Contact: Product Regulations Company, PO Stop USA
HP EN DOC This with EMC Class Conforme CEM>>. LASERTURVALLISUUS LUOKAN LASERLAITE KLASS LASER APPARAT HP EN VAROITUS! VARNING! specificerats, HUOLTO HP VARO! VARNING! 3B
HP Specifications and information EN EMI VCCI Class HP FCC (US) Telephone protection (US) IC CS-03 information EU countries HP specifications (ITU-T Right/left inch) Top/bottom inch) ITU ECM MH, MR, and MMR to Distinctive
HP EN inch halftone) (halftone FCC (US) This with FCC On the back of this that other information, the FCC and (REN) this If requested, this information to the telephone The REN to the of which connected to the telephone the the to areas, the of the should To of the of that connected to the as the RENs, the telephone to the REN the This the following USOC RJ11C. telephone and with this This to connected to the telephone network or using which This telephone company-provided service. to Party Service to If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. If isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC necessary. The telephone its operations, or that the of the If this the telephone to the to service. If with this please the the front of this and (or) warranty information. If the causing to the telephone the telephone the from the the The following repairs the customer: that with the This includes the the and the cord, and the telephone cord. It recommended that the AC the AC to which this connected. This to to the caused and other Telephone protection (US) The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business, other entity, or the and the of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information please the information the header
HP Specifications and information EN IC CS-03 NOTICE: The Industry This the protective, and as the Technical The the to the this users should that the to connected to the of the telecommunications The of The should that with the of service Repairs to should coordinated the repairs or the user to this or malfunctions, the telecommunications to the to the should their protection that the ground of the telephone and connected together. This areas. should to such themselves, should the inspection authority, or as The (REN) of this Notice: The (REN) assigned to each of the of terminals allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the The (telephone type) with to the telephone CA11A. information EU countries This to of the countries of the Switched Telephone only. Network internal software necessary to the telephone further the phone the that with the HP specifications FCC Declaration of Conformity VCCI Class EMI Chinese
HP EN HP specifications Physical Supports or shielded twisted cabling, RJ-45 IEEE 10Base-T IEEE 100Base-Tx Supported network operating and Physical Interfaces Network specifications Width: inches) with attached, inches) and C to C to F) C to C to F) 10/100Base-Tx or that beat Microsoft ME, and XP (TCP/IP, IPX/SPX) Microsoft NT and (TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, DLC/LLC) Apple OS and (EtherTalk) NetWare (IPX/SPX); NDS (IPX/SPX); NDPS (IPX/SPX) IBM OS/2 Warp (TCP/IP), DLC/LLC) HP-UX SCO UNIX IBM AIX and (TCP/IP) Artisoft (DLC/LLC) (LPD) USB A with USB specifications Length: inches) inches) with attached, inches) and Relative humidity: to C F) Relative humidity: C F)
Specifications and information EN specifications VDC only) immunity Declaration of Conformity Regulations US: FCC Class The HP with the following IEC (1991)+A1, A2, A3, A4/EN60950 (1992)+A1, A2, A3, A4, A11 output N/A VDC N/A DC ICES-003 (B) VCCI Class CISPR-22/EN55022 Class CNS Australia/New Zealand: AS/NZS GOST UL CSA NOM-019-SCFI-1994, NOM-001-SCFI-1993
HP EN FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and If and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase and receiver. to outlet from that to which the located. or technician. This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation.
Specifications and information EN Declaration of Conformity This Declaration of Conformity with ISO/IEC and EN45014. It the and and specifications the community. Declaration of Conformity to ISO/IEC and EN45014 Address: Foothills that the Product HP J6038A Product Operations: conforms to the following Product Specifications: Safety: EN60950 +A1,A2,A3,A4,AII IEC +A1,A2,A3,A4 EN60825-1 IEC Class GB EN CISPR-22 Class EMC: GB EN IEC EN IEC EN IEC EN IEC EN IEC EN IEC EN IEC EN EN61000-3-2:1995 EN61000-3-2 (1995)+A14 EN61000-3-3:1994 EN61000-3-3 FCC CFR, Class Supplementary Information: The herewith with the of the Directive 73/23/EEC and the EMC Directive 89/336/EEC and the CE accordingly. This tested typical with products. July Product Regulations Contact: and Service Office or TRE, D-71034 (FAX:+49-7031-14-3143). CA USA
HP EN This with Australian EMC This with EMC Class Conforme CEM>>. VCCI Class EMI
Specifications and information EN Chinese
stewardship stewardship EN Protecting the to products sound This with to impacts This (O3). while which and money without affecting the high performance of this This ENERGY STAR which to the of office products. ENERGY STAR U.S. service of the U.S. Protection Agency. ENERGY STAR this ENERGY STAR efficiency. information, which might the of the This (two-sided both of the and reduce and the Plastics to international that the to plastics recycling the of the life. HP countries/regions, this to HP through the HP and Recycling easy to and free information and instructions included every HP and
Specifications and information EN HP and recycling information Since the HP and Recycling collected than that otherwise the The HP and collected and shipped to and recovery who the thorough inspection, selected and other to of products. US of and HP the of or together and the UPS that the information, the HP Non-US Non-US should the HP and Service Office or the further information of the HP and Recycling This of using when the the outlined the Product information. This the of to DIN This HP mercury the or that end-of-life. This HP The or this the following specifications: Lithium Location: PC recycling information, or authorities or the Industries (MSDS) obtained the HP
HP HP EN warranty HP SupportPack coverage the HP and HP-supplied internal The covers three-year from of the HP purchase. The purchase HP SupportPack within of the HP purchase. information, the HP Customer Service and group. the that with information about HP. and and this least years information On including: Product this and related HP products to the end-of-life and recycling or Battery Lithium Battery type Approximately Lithium type Battery WI, USA; and NJ, USA.
Specifications and information EN
HP software HP software EN Warranties and thse topics to about and information. HP software HP warranty ATTENTION: USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW. USING THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE LICENSE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU CAN RETURN THE SOFTWARE FOR FULL REFUND. IF THE SOFTWARE IS BUNDLED WITH ANOTHER PRODUCT, YOU CAN RETURN THE ENTIRE UNUSED PRODUCT FOR FULL REFUND. HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS The following Terms of the accompanying software with HP. HP to of the software. or the software. You the software or licensing or of the software. If the software licensed allow than the of authorized to the software concurrently. Ownership. The software and copyrighted HP or its third title to, or ownership the software and of rights the software. third their rights the of of these and Adaptations. You or of the software or when copying or the authorized of the software. You copyright the software or You the software or Decryption. You or the software written obtained. or HP with reasonably information or You the software of the operation of the software. terminate of the software. the software, including and related to the The these Terms as to the
HP warranty Warranties and licensing EN Termination. HP terminate to with of these termination, immediately the software, together with and You or reexport the software or or of or U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The software and accompanying They and as software as DFARS (Oct DFARS or DFARS as as FAR or as Restricted software as FAR (or agency or whichever You those rights such software and accompanying the FAR or DFARS or the HP software the involved. HP ONE-YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY HP warrants to the customer, that HP and free from and workmanship the of purchase, the specified If HP of such the warranty HP its option, or which to products or performance to HP warrants to that HP software to its instructions the of purchase, the specified to and workmanship when properly and used. If HP of such the warranty HP software which its instructions to such HP warrant that the operation of HP products or free. If HP within reasonable to or to as warranted, to of the purchase of the HP products to performance or to Warranty apply to from or or software, interfacing, or HP, unauthorized or of the published specifications the or or TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THE ABOVE WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND NO OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, IS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED AND HP SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. countries, states, or allow the of warranty, the or might apply to This warranty rights and might other rights that from country to country, to or to warranty country or locality where HP this and where HP this The of warranty service to HP or function of the to country which to function or reasons.
HP warranty EN TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THE REMEDIES IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES. EXCEPT AS INDICATED ABOVE, IN NO EVENT WILL HP OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF DATA OR FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST PROFIT OR DATA), OR OTHER DAMAGE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE. states, or allow the or of or the or apply to THE WARRANTY TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS STATEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT LAWFULLY PERMITTED, DO NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT, OR MODIFY AND ARE IN ADDITION TO THE MANDATORY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO THE SALE OF THIS PRODUCT TO YOU.
Warranties and licensing EN
service from the customers responsibility. CAUTION below. the the CAUTION service EN C Service and these topics to learn about service and service warranty Service information To service If should the warranty HP offers the following HP services. You the to HP location. HP to the HP authorized service You the to authorized service and HP to the and to within to location. Returning the HP insuring Also, include of of purchase. Please the Service information to the repairs. If off the and the with the and the the completed of the service information below. the which items the and Include that the
warranty Service information C Service and EN Include of the or other that causing scanning, faxing, or copying. HP SupportPack coverage the HP and HP-supplied internal The covers to-five from of the HP purchase. The HP SupportPack or service. The purchase HP SupportPack within of the HP purchase. information from the following HP or the Customer Service and group; the that with the and information. Service information Who the to instructions: What Please when that to the trays, and cleaning What to the of the (What the What when the occurred? What software Can the If the the connected to of the following? (Please and numbers.) Computer: Additional
Service information EN
C Service and EN