OFFICEJET E609
HP (E609)
Copyright information Copyright Company, L.P. Edition The information this to without rights Reproduction, or translation of this prohibited without written of as copyright The warranties HP products and services forth the warranty accompanying such products and services. Nothing should as constituting warranty. HP technical or or Acknowledgements and XP U.S. of Microsoft Corporation. or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other countries. ENERGY STAR owned the U.S. information follow basic when this to reduce of from fire or shock. and instructions the that with the and instructions the this from cleaning. or this or when the securely the protected location where or the cord, and the If the normally, and troubleshoot There user-serviceable servicing to service the with the
This about to the and to other the the Accessibility the information Turn off the other the You information and further troubleshooting that included this from the following Location and release Wireless Started only) (Microsoft HP OS X) to the the printhead, the and information from the and information about operations. information and troubleshooting instructions the wireless function. Allows to information, and the information, information about printhead health and to services. information, information, HP OS X) Included the CD. of the with the from connected Typically with the software. Typically with the software. information,
Location and reports information about that occurred. information: Product of from the and supply affecting and whether to services to the of HP the software, and and information. HP information to HP. HP Allows to and the the the HP features, such as to the HP and software. information, the HP the to the that appears the front of the this You this to which or as as when The located the the information, the information, the information, and www.hp.com/support www.hp.com information, HP telephone Typically with the software. the
Chapter The of that people with The software users with or through the of operating options and features. It such as readers, readers, and users who and the software and the text or that the action. users with the software through commands. The software options such as StickyKeys, and MouseKeys. The buttons, trays, and operated users with and reach. about the of this and to www.hp.com/accessibility information OS X, the Apple www.apple.com/ the
Top cover Printhead Printhead information about lights, lights reference and light and light Network lights with Wireless with the
Chapter Rear (USB) Ethernet two-sided accessory only) input Rear information Recommended of connected performance USB One connected with USB to the USB high-speed the Ethernet (wired) to computers. wireless only) to connected to the using or router. The turned or the other to the to connected to the using or router. Supported software features features supported. supported. features the supported. from the other computers. supported. instructions the or the OS X) Follow the instructions To the locally shared this further instructions. Follow the instructions To the locally Follow the instructions the wireless or the wireless
Turn off the Turn off the HP the located the the light off the or turning off If improperly off the HP the might to the which might with the printhead and HP to customers reduce their footprint. HP the below to to and reduce the of to this please the HP information initiatives. www.hp.com/hpinfo/globalcitizenship/environment/ to two-sided with the sheet to reduce information, both The HP interface includes and where or gathered from the information, only) information To the ENERGY STAR this Recycled information recycling of HP products, please www.hp.com/hpinfo/globalcitizenship/environment/recycle/
the This section the following topics: the Turn the You both of of when the optional two-sided accessory information the both the the buttons the and the from the the the the the of the when the them only the from the Turn This section the following topics: and the the To turn or off To and the the or the to or the accessory the To or the Press and Network seconds. release the buttons, the know that the activated. the and
To turn or off Click the the Select and right-click and then Click the and then or Not to the or off. To From the Preferences the Apple Click Select the and then OS or OS of the following: OS Select from the OS Select the Select the to HP Two-sided Accessory to the Clear the to off the Turn
the This section the following topics: Select both and only) Select The to with of office It to of HP the HP www.hp.com information about HP This section the following topics: Recommended selecting and using Recommended If the HP recommends using HP that specifically the type of country/region, of these might HP Brochure HP HP Bright White the These glossy-coated or both They the choice near-photographic and business graphics covers, brochures, and HP Bright White high-contrast and It enough two-sided with through, which and It HP with the ColorLok with the ColorLok tested to high of and and with than ordinary with the ColorLok of and from
(continued) HP HP high-quality It that and than or It features ColorLok smearing, and It HP Office HP Office high-quality It and other It features ColorLok smearing, and It HP Office HP HP Professional HP Transparency HP Advanced HP HP Iron-On HP Iron-on or light or white the creating T-shirts from To HP and other to www.hp.com/buy/supplies If prompted, choose country/region, follow the to and then of the the HP Packs: HP HP and HP Advanced to and the guesswork of professional with HP HP and HP Advanced to together and Great vacations worth of or to features ColorLok and HP Office Recycled high-quality with It ColorLok smearing, and It These heavy two-sided reports and They and HP Transparency and This easy to and and without This thick easy without It smears, fingerprints, and humidity. and to It including A4, inch, inch), inch) and finishes or It using This easy when this with inch, A4, inch). It NOTE: At this of the HP English only. Select
Chapter Recommended If the HP recommends using HP that specifically the type of country/region, of these might HP Advanced This thick photo easy without It smears, fingerprints, and humidity. and to photo. It including A4, inch, inch), inch) and finishes or It acid-free HP This easy when this with inch, A4, inch). It HP Packs: HP conveniently HP and HP Advanced to and the guesswork of professional with HP HP and HP Advanced to together and Great worth of or to To HP and other to www.hp.com/buy/supplies If prompted, choose country/region, follow the to and then of the shopping the NOTE: At this of the HP English only. selecting and that conforms to the specifications. information, type of If top of with or incorrect the back of the the to the right of the input and the paper-width information, the trays. information, specifications HP higher than To quality, and other the following that curled, or with or perforations the
Cards and that finish, self-stick or and with thick, or or that torn, or otherwise tightly constructed and the creased. to the graphic. the to photographs. that this and memory from each as and to Allowing to with the rough and the the back of the each as and to Allowing to Custom-sized only that the If the the the If the the You might to existing to them correctly specifications the and and to the to with and the that with the media-type the and the the type. HP testing and that heavily textured, embossed, or that too lightweight or stretches easily Select
Chapter U.S. inches) U.S. inches) A4 inches) U.S. inches) B5 (JIS) inches) B5 (ISO) inches) B7 inches) A5 inches) A4 inches) A5 inches) B5 inches) HV inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) U.S. Envelope inches) C6 Envelope inches) Envelope Chou inches) Envelope Chou inches) Monarch Envelope Card Envelope inches) Envelope inches) the
Cards inches) inches) inches) A6 inches) A6 inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) 2L inches) inches) photo inches) inches) photo inches) inches) 2L inches) B5 inches) B7 inches) inches) Select
Chapter HV inches) A4 inches) inches) Other to and to to inches and to inches inches, inches, and inches) inches, inches, and inches) The with and from only. It with from and Capacity to the to to to to bond) bond) to to sheets of or inch or inch to sheets or inch or inch to sheets or inch
(continued) Capacity to of (text The match (or these U.S. U.S. A4 U.S. B5 A5 Cards Custom-sized inch) Cards to to NOTE: If the to both of the the top and match or inch). NOTE: OS X, the the and inch). to bond) Right inch) inch) inch) to Not Top inch) inch) Select inch) inch)
Chapter This section instructions the the the to the the the right of the the of with the right and back of the and the the the the to the that loaded, and then the the NOTE: while the
the the You (such as or type) from or the Changes from from the the closed, the to the the To from To To OS X) To from the that to On the and then or Preferences options the that Choose the shortcut that and then OK or command. NOTE: than inches), the to the the the of the otherwise with the ejected. NOTE: To the the information about the features of the the the information about from the that with the
Chapter To Click to and then or and Click and then Right-click the and then or Preferences the that and then OK To OS X) On the the that (such as and then OK On the to the the that (such as type), and then OK or both You both of of using the two-sided accessory or manually turning the and feeding the both of both of that conforms to the specifications. information, Specify options or the both of or than or than might with these types. Several of when both of such as letterhead, and with and prepunched from the the first of the first. from OS X, the the first. the NOTE: If prompted, the NOTE: OS of the
when finishes of the the the and while the Then the pulled back the and the printed. the the You both of turning the and feeding the information, specifications To both of the information, both of and the properly information, the With the and then shortcut. other and then OK To both of OS X) the information, both of and the properly information, the that using the and the On the and from the Select the Two-sided option. Select the clicking the other and then and To or the information, With the and then or Preferences Click the NOTE: You first the the and then the and
Chapter the from the If the Select Custom from the the the and Height boxes, type the and then Click OK to the or Preferences the Select the Select the type the type Select the from the other and then OK To or OS X) the information, On the that selected the HP Select the To Click Custom the pull-down Click New and type the the (Optional) the and Height boxes, type the and the Click or OK and then On the and then the Click OK On the the Destination the to and then the other and then OK or to the of and of the NOTE: OS included the NOTE: OS included the
To To OS X) To the information, the that to From the the Click and then Click Properties, or Preferences the shortcut to other and then OK the If with tear-off the to the completely To OS X) the information, the that to Click and then Select the and then OK Click and then the Type/Quality Click the and then the type from the type the and selected, and the If from the Quality Alternatively, which to and input This might temporarily amount of MB or and slowly. Select the other and then If photo with tear-off the to the completely NOTE: the software and the the to the which the You to this from the Shortcuts only). the the Shortcuts and the shortcut this from the NOTE: Not NOTE: OS included the
Chapter only) You from the HP If or higher browsing, HP to with what and printed. You HP from the information about HP the with To that the input On the The appears. that the the selected If the items the that to include the the to options such as the selected and Click or OK to the TIP: To correctly, might to to You of the following Press the button. This clears the that the currently processing. It to processed. Double-click the that appears the lower-right of the Select the and then the the OS Click the the the and then the TIP: HP from the appears when selected.
and This information the or who the This section information about the following topics: the the the or wireless the the OS X) the wireless Uninstall and the software the The following to the information about and using the Network OS HP This section the following topics: the the NOTE: procedures might include other and
the this tool... to the following information... information about the of that processed, the operating of the and the of information: Click the Information and then selection the and Click the Information and then the information: Click the to the information, and then to the Cartridge Click the this to information about HP OS X) information: the Information and and click HP of the and only. to You to the becomes the This section information about the and this to the following... the and Click the and then Security the Click the and then Services the or country/region: Click the and then International the and Press and the Network the three and release the information, Troubleshooting and the
this to the following... Click the Services Click the Network and then to the Network Network Toolbox and From the the Network HP OS X) the Information and and then the option the that to The following that to the the HP HP OS X) the HP OS X) Click the and then option the On the and then follow the instructions. Support: On the and then option. the (to the If the connected, and then Network If the connected, when the the and then Network the IP the Network Wired or the the IP and then OK the DNS the Network Wired or the the DNS and then OK Wireless Network the Network the and then Wireless Network
the to the to information, and from NOTE: of the specifications might restricted the You and the without connected to the however, features The (EWS) text (cookies) when These the EWS the the EWS which selected that the the EWS, the that Though cleared the of each (such as the that the selected others (such as the that the clear them manually. You to cookies, or to offered, which allows to which to or You to cookies. NOTE: chose to cookies, or of the following features: Automatically refreshing the existing Starting where the when using Preventing other users from the while the EWS information about to and and to or cookies, the with To the To the NOTE: the might the to the EWS. and
You the these type the IP or that assigned to the the IP type the following the The IP and the the wireless information, the or wireless the that to quickly. Right-click the HP to the to and then Network (EWS) the Network of right-click the and then The that to information and The to other Pages/buttons Information information about the its and and of (such as the that the and the to these and the that the These appear the to and buttons of services. The information about the NOTE: The from the CD selecting the option the the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes to of
This section the following topics: the Network the From the HP the to and then Right-click the HP the to and then The the following Information: each Services to the of the This information about the and the information, the Quality Allows to the of the This information about the and Printheads: through the printheads. information, the printhead Clean Printheads: through cleaning the printheads. information, Clean the printhead and NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes to from which the telephone that to the Telephone countries/regions. Cartridge of the
Network information the Click to the Network and Network Toolbox The Network allows to and You the IP the wireless or off, tests, and To the Network the Click the Network Click the of the following: To wired Wired To wireless Wireless To reports or the HP the HP to and the The features the HP the The HP to that associated with the selected If the selected with then the that appear the HP To the HP Double-click the HP the HP OS X) The HP to the and information. This section the following topics: the HP HP
Chapter the HP To the HP from the HP Click the HP the Select Select the HP and then Select HP Information and the information about currently Info information about the Information: information about the and This information about the and the Quality Prints Quality Clean Printheads: through cleaning the printhead. through the printhead. HP Support: to HP where the the and information about and recycling Prints information, the and NOTE: If the appear the the Spotlight the right of the type HP the and then the HP NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes
the HP OS X) To the HP Click the HP the the from the Devices From software software options, and such as the the the the to: information and troubleshoot If to HP, often to the calling. NOTE: If the appear the the Spotlight the right of the type HP the and then the HP NOTE: On the the HP the selected and only. to You to becomes TIP: the HP to the shortcuts selecting and holding the the the HP the the
Chapter Information: information (such as the and firmware the that (such as the and the of from the and Cartridge Shows the graphical as and the and of the Additional Assistance: the location where Network only) or to the HP software. To the Press and the seconds. Click the Services and then HP OS X): Click Information from the Information and and then Click the Services and from the Reports and then and NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes
the or wireless The or wireless shows the or wireless the Information: information about the and type of the and other information, such as the URL of the and the of the Network This 'Ready' or the that the IP assigned or the DHCP or that the or the Wired information about wired such as the IP and The '10T/100T '10T '100T and '100T the or wireless
Chapter Wireless information about wireless such as the IP and information, such as the information about the active services typically IP and (through UDP where DNS used. SLP: information about the Service Location (SLP) SLP The IP the You the directly to or the other NOTE: Microsoft the to the Also, to XP, or the HP that the software the to with the connected the first, To the the software Direct You the directly to USB NOTE: If the software and the to to the with USB without the software. the HP recommends that the when prompted the software the to with the connected the first, To the the software To the software the (recommended) that the CD the CD The CD automatically. If the CD automatically, the the CD. On the CD USB-connected and follow the instructions. and
To the the software If connected the to the the software, the New displays the the Found New that displays locating the the Advanced option, and then Next Select the specifying the location, and that the other clear. the CD the CD If the CD appears, to the directory the CD D), and then OK Click Next and follow the instructions. Click to the New The the (this might while). Complete the process. To the locally locally shared the connected directly to the USB of selected as the and shared other Click to and then or and Click and then Right-click the and then the Click the option to the and NOTE: You the with other using of as locally information, To the locally shared NOTE: If turned the off or the from the while the If the finish. NOTE: allow the New to search the NOTE: You the with other of known as locally information, To the locally NOTE: directly connected the with the operating as the this or when The when users to the the
Chapter Network If the shared directly to the This type of offers the to the the from the NOTE: Microsoft the to the Choose the option the type of If acting as the software the and then the software the computers. information the and the software This allow to the functionality of the only from the If without the software the that using the information, the to both of the information, the the the following to the software the following You without the protective cover from the and the to the third-party firewall and that the that acting as the the CD the CD The CD automatically. If the CD automatically, to the CD of the and On the CD Network/Wireless and then follow the instructions. On the Network/Wireless and then Next Follow the instructions to the installation. NOTE: To the with computers, the software and To the locally the software the that acting as the the functionality shared. users who to the the software their and
to the the following the the and follow the instructions installation. information, the On the to the and to the and the software from the INF On the CD, the INF the directory of the CD. the using Click to and then or and Click and then Double-click and then Next Select Network or Network Click Next of the following: the or of the shared and then Next Click when prompted to the Click Next and the the of Click Next and follow the instructions to the installation. the OS X) You the with using USB or other This section the following topics: To the software or To the locally shared To the software or the CD the CD Double-click the HP Software Click Software and follow the instructions. prompted, the to If necessary, the with other users. Direct the with the other users. information, To the locally shared Network who to the the the software their computers. NOTE: If the wired the Ethernet the software. the OS X)
To the locally the directly, it with other using of known as locally shared this or when The when users to the OS include the following items: The the TCP/IP, and they IP supported.) The that shared connected to built-in USB the Both the and the that using the shared software and the or PPD the that (You the installation to the software and associated information about USB the information the Apple www.apple.com or the Apple the To the Preferences and then of the following, based the operating OS Click the Sharing the to these with other and then the to shared. OS Select and then this To from the other (the the the following: Click and then the to the to Format Shared and then Select the and then OK the and then From the to Shared and then necessary, and then the wireless You the wireless of the following wireless USB and NOTE: OS it included the wireless
(continued) information, To the wireless the OS X) or To wireless the the software, to the of the information from or the following or Service (SSID) and or from the the wireless (WAP) or the the type of such as Wired (WEP). the security or of the wireless This section the following topics: wireless To wireless using the To the wireless the OS X) the wireless To off wireless firewall to with HP the wireless security wireless Network (SSID) the the wireless or SSID SSID. Communication There On the to and directly with other wireless without the of WAP. the as the the (SSID) NOTE: If wireless To the with wireless the least once from the CD and wireless the connected to the using The built-in or wireless The and the that the the wireless
Chapter the and the (recommended): On the to and with other the whether the wired or wireless, through WAP. commonly as routers or Security NOTE: the the the or wireless information wireless security, Network authentication: The factory which security authorization or The other 'OpenThenShared,' 'Shared,' and 'WPA-PSK' Protected Access Pre-Shared WPA increases the of over-the-air protection and existing and It known weaknesses of WEP, the security the WPA2 the of WPA security; and users with high of that authorized users their wireless Wired (WEP) security encrypting waves from wireless to another wireless Devices WEP to If WEP, know the WEP WPA the Integrity (TKIP). WPA2 the Advanced Encryption (AES). AES counter cipher-block chaining (CCM) and the Service (IBSS) to security workstations operating To wireless the NOTE: this to wireless network and You USB the USB prompted the that the CD the CD The CD automatically. If the CD automatically, the the CD. On the CD Network/Wireless and then follow the instructions. and NOTE: If the firewall software displays the installation, the permit/allow option the Selecting this option allows the software to
prompted, temporarily the USB wireless Follow the instructions to the installation. Disconnect the USB wireless when prompted. To the wireless the OS X) USB wireless to the the back of the HP and then to USB the the CD the Double-click the HP the CD, and then follow the instructions. the USB wireless when prompted. the wireless Turn wireless and the On to the (SSID) (This the created the HP To off wireless Press and the wireless the front of the three seconds. firewall to with HP firewall, which security software HP and If such found when HP software to or offline to The firewall might HP from notifying where found. If the HP software the HP NOTE: If HP previously the to the to To the network the following the and Press and the Network button, the button), the three and release the Network or information, Troubleshooting and the wireless
Chapter (and know the HP the or already HP software and the following: If using the firewall option to the the or trusting the and with each other while protected from the This the approach to If the option to the UDP to firewalls of allowed NOTE: Not firewalls to and outgoing Another that HP software trusted firewall to the This answered to firewall that appeared when the HP software. If this and that the following firewalls of trusted applications; that located located located located located hpqthb08.exe located NOTE: to firewall to the firewall and to HP to the trusted NOTE: firewalls to interference them. If to the firewall as and might to the firewall software to the HP the the If the software and connected HP USB or Ethernet to wireless from USB to wireless HP and then Press Follow the onscreen instructions and the USB when prompted. and
from USB to wireless OS X) Click the HP the or the the Applications From the Information and Network Follow the instructions to the from Ethernet to wireless the (EWS). information, Click the and then Wireless the On the Wireless Follow the instructions to from Ethernet to wireless the the wireless security This section the following topics: To to wireless Other To to wireless MAC which wireless such as wireless router or Apple Station with of MAC of that to to the through the If the the of to the the the to the If the MAC then the MAC to the of MAC the wireless information the wireless the or wireless the wireless and the HP to the of MAC Other To the wireless follow these with least characters. You to characters WPA or phrases, easy of characters (such as 1s), and personally-identifiable information of and lowercase numbers, and allowed, characters such as NOTE: HP only. the wireless
Chapter the the the to the or wireless router. routers the as Turn off wireless If this, to to the router with wired Ethernet when to Turn off the router, You to encrypted to router and from the the To to another party's wireless off the to to non-preferred This XP. Uninstall and the software If or connected the USB to the prompted the software might to and then the software. the from to them properly using the when the software that with the There three to the software and to To from Disconnect the from to the software. Press the to off the On the and then Click and then and Select the to and then Change/Remove or Uninstall/ Follow the instructions. If whether would to shared Other that these might properly the To the software, the CD CD-ROM follow the instructions, and To the software the (recommended) the software the to and
Press the to turn the connecting and turning the might to of the and to Follow the instructions. the software the HP appears the To from On the and then Click and then and Select the to and then Change/Remove or Uninstall/ the from the CD CD-ROM and then the Follow the instructions and To the software connecting the (recommended) To from the CD CD-ROM and then the Disconnect the from Select Uninstall and follow the the the Select Follow the instructions and To the software connecting the (recommended) NOTE: this Uninstall the NOTE: It that the restarting the to the software. NOTE: this Uninstall the NOTE: It that the restarting the to the software. Uninstall and the software
Chapter To from HP Click Information and Select Uninstall HP software from the pull-down Follow the instructions. the software To the software, the CD CD-ROM On the the CD-ROM, and then HP Follow the onscreen instructions and To the software connecting the (recommended) To from the Double-click Applications Double-click Double-click HP and then Uninstall and
and troubleshoot This section the following topics: Work with and Troubleshooting and troubleshooting troubleshooting network wireless Troubleshoot Clear Work with To the from the HP to This section the instructions the and cleaning the printhead. This section the following topics: Information and the printhead the the information Information and the printhead The following HP and The instructions this and first If to the to the the sealed they the shelves or, of with facing CAUTION: the the of the of This to both the and the and troubleshoot
Chapter Turn off the HP the located the the light off the or turning off If improperly off the HP the might to the causing with the and C or F). You to the becomes the of or It caused printhead. include the the and cleaning the printhead. Cleaning the printhead the printhead unnecessarily. This and shortens the of the or rough temporary If the the following to from the or other from occurring to the off the the The should the right the service station. the and printhead Lightly the of the with newspaper to the from The should its back, front, or top. Related topics the Clean the printhead the You the from the HP the HP OS X), or the information about using these You the to this information the NOTE: and only. to You to the the NOTE: If or or that another the might or NOTE: from the the of including the process, which the and and printhead servicing, which clear and flowing smoothly. the used. information, www.hp.com/go/inkusage and troubleshoot
the If already the HP To the the the The to the of the Press the the front of the to release and then from the the from its the straight back to the from the NOTE: information recycling HP recycling NOTE: At this of the HP English only. CAUTION: the the of the of This to both the and the NOTE: the proceeding. NOTE: the from the the or Work with
Chapter the to off. the the the clicks and seated the and troubleshoot NOTE: the and that the slightly torn, revealing the CAUTION: the the to the Doing incorrectly seated and The to correctly the
through each replacing. the Related topics information The HP with this memory that the operation of the this memory collects of information about the of the which might include the following: the when the first the when the used, the of the the coverage, the used, that might occurred, and the This information HP products to customers' The collected from the memory information that to or user of the or their HP collects of the memory from to and recycling (HP www.hp.com/recycle The memory from this and to HP products. HP who recycling this might to this as third the might to the anonymous information the memory If to allow to this information, the the memory the HP If concerned about this anonymous information, this information turning off the memory chip's to the information: To off information On the and the and Network the Wireless the lights seconds, and then release the buttons. that the the that the and as the NOTE: If off the memory to the information, to the the HP Work with
Chapter and software or the If with the of Quality the properly. This section includes the following topics: To To the Quality To Press and the the button. Click the Services the PQ from the the Quality section, and then HP Click the Services and then PQ and follow the instructions. HP OS X): Click Quality from the Information and and then and troubleshoot the and release the
To the Quality This section includes the following topics: or white the Black Font Text If the If of the to that of sharp-edged, and with the the the operating correctly. the the of the There should The should They should with white or other They should throughout. The to the the as follows: NOTE: and only. to You to becomes Item Cartridge Black Cartridge Cartridge and
Chapter or of The top or fading. of The top If of the or follow these the the to the and properly information, the the and the properly latched. information, the Clean the printhead. information, Clean the printhead another or the Quality If the cleaning to helped, clean If cleaning the the that to the If the HP the printhead to replaced. and troubleshoot Item Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge
Preventing the that the Quality of the of ready to white the If of the white follow these White The white them. If item the Quality reads PHA TTOE the information, the printhead If item or the printhead. information, Clean the printhead another Quality If the there, another cleaning. If the HP the printhead to repalced. The lighter or them. and
Chapter If the of of the follow these If the recently high printhead cleaning. If the recently another Quality This than printhead cleaning, effective, try cleaning. Retry the Quality If the to cleaning. If the HP the printhead to replaced. Black Font Text the the ABCDEFG The type should and clear. If the type try the If there or smears of the printhead. of The and clear the operating correctly. of The the of The smeared the printhead and the curled. To resealable of The clean the If this right the servicing the or than printhead cleaning. and troubleshoot
If the and text OK, and the empty, the directly the of The straight. of The the If that HP. If If the then the correctly. There reason to or the serviced, they functioning properly. If other things the the If the to the of the software with the or another software to the The might appear the other of the Troubleshooting and the following and to Clear the such as the and feed light and the turned the first to the the ready If lights or lights reference appear the Troubleshooting and
Chapter and other and connected to the the connected to functioning (AC) and turned correctly the and the Printhead and properly their Press each to and covers closed. The or optional and The information, the The as the or as the the OS X, as the the OS OS Preferences and then the from the information. selected using You too when that or the the the This section the following topics: The unexpectedly to or Something the or incorrect of the text or graphics The unexpectedly the and the connected to functioning (AC) to the and the the the information, and troubleshoot
the software when or selected as the To increase the the information, the the The might the printhead to overheat. the printhead overheats, the to allow to cool. or the The Clean the printhead Complete the printhead cleaning information, Clean the printhead The printhead to cleaned the turned off improperly. the the the the the trays. the the match the of the More than information There the the to there Something the or incorrect the the and the information, the and the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes NOTE: Turn off the HP the located the the light off the or turning off If improperly off the HP the might to the causing with the and
Chapter the the the the of the information, the selected the the location and of USB High (such as those USB to the from the of the Also, recommended that USB that than to the effects of these of the text or graphics the the and the of the of and the overloaded. information, the might off the than the that the selected the match the of the the If the text or graphics off the of the the the the of information, the the and selected the match the the information, the location and of USB High (such as those USB to the from the of the Also, recommended that USB that than to the of these If the the caused the of the to properly. the release known software conflicts, to the or the software and troubleshoot
troubleshooting this section to these incorrectly The The meaningless characters Nothing when to The the The as expected Text or graphics off the of the while incorrectly the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the the of correctly the type the to the of correctly the type the to of the input with the facing and to the that from the input the of incorrectly. If this the the or or that or The type of loaded. If this the the To the the The might caught the troubleshooting
Chapter the from the photo software that with the from software The the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the Turn the the input Select the the the the from the Clear the the freely the from the to the Turn the the light located the If the turned off. the connected to the and Press the to the The turned off. If this the the the input the input information, The of If this the the Select the selected the software and troubleshoot
the the the operation from the TIP: You the as the to that the selected when the of software The the selected If this the the The might to offline or To the the HP the The of the If this the the If the another the the to If nothing to the the to there The with another If this the the might the The the and the from From the and the the to the from the If the the or both of the following: Disconnect the USB from the the and then the USB to the the the and then the the If this the try the troubleshooting
Chapter Clear the Clear the and torn that the information, Clear The If this the the the freely the already to the freely from of the to the other. to force to something. The If this the the the from the to the from the to that the USB securely the USB the back of the the other of the USB USB the connected properly, off the and then If the connected to the through wired, wireless, that the respective active and the turned If the and nothing to the the of the the HP Software, and then The with the If this the the the Turn off the and then the the back and then the to the The and troubleshoot CAUTION: to force the If the forcing to the
The meaningless characters the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the the of the the previously of the Nothing when try to the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the Turn the the input Select the the the the from the Clear the the freely the from the to the Turn the Turn off the and seconds, then them both and try There memory the If this the try the another from the software If this then previously of the that The the light located the If it the off. the connected to the and Press the to the The turned off. If this the the troubleshooting
the input the input information, The of If this the try the Select the selected the software The the selected If this the the the The might to offline or To the the HP the The of the If this the the the the If the another the the to If nothing to the the to there The with another If this the the from the might the The the and the from and troubleshoot TIP: You the as the to that the selected when the of software applications.
Clear the the freely the from the to From the and the the to the from the If the the or both of the following: the USB from the the and then the USB to the the the and then the the If this the the Clear the and torn that the information, Clear The If this the the the already to the freely from of the to the other. try to force to something. CAUTION: to force the If the forcing to the The If this the the the from the to that the USB securely the USB the back of the the other of the USB USB the connected properly, off the and then If the to the through wired, wireless, that the respective active and the turned If the and nothing to the the of the the HP software, and then The with the troubleshooting
Chapter If this the try the the Turn off the and then the cord. the back and then the to the The The the the the finishes the The to the first of first. of the the through the the first the of the The as expected the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the the the the of correctly the the the the the of the To to the software applications, the and then the The the software as as they than the the information about software the that with the software. the the satisfactory, and then the software The correctly software If this the try the and troubleshoot
the the of correctly Text or graphics off the of the the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the the the of the the of correctly with the that selected the that the the input The might correctly the If this the the the of from the input the and then the the of the information, The correctly. the the the the of the To to the software applications, the and then Check the The the software as as they than the the information about software the that with the software. the the satisfactory, and then the software The correctly software If this the the troubleshooting
Chapter the of the the of the trying to fits the To the the the input to the software the and then the graphics the to that the fits within the of the the the graphics the of the The of the than the the input If this the the the of correctly If the of the to off. the of from the input and then the information, The incorrectly. If this the the with with turning off the option. information, selecting the option, and to the of the the relative of the photo and the which this of the cropped. and troubleshoot TIP: software allow to the to the currently selected. Additionally, the of from the
while the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the or the of the the input the Clean the printhead the input or the of the the input the Clean the printhead the software and or the of the The If this the the If the only sheets the input If there of the input the the of and the the input information, The of The too Complete the printhead cleaning information, Clean the printhead The printhead to cleaned the turned off improperly. NOTE: Turn off the HP the located the the light off the or turning off If improperly off the HP the might to the causing with the and The printhead clogged. troubleshooting
Chapter the input If the the input If there of the input the the of and the the input information, The of troubleshooting this section to these or the text or graphics completely The of the of Printouts or Printouts or Printouts or Printouts Printouts or the back of the from the input The Advanced printhead or If of the following try the this section Colors with Colors each other, or they smeared the The might feathering appearance instead of and the following the appear or each other. using HP the the input the type the the the printhead Clean the printhead HP and troubleshoot
HP the the input the type to HP HP recommends that HP HP and tested with HP to easily NOTE: HP the or of Product service or repairs as of supply covered warranty. If purchased HP www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit Non-HP used. If this the the the correctly and that or too thick. with the to facing the with the the the input and If the too to the printhead the might smeared. This the or thick, such as information, The incorrectly, or or too thick. If this the the HP recommends that HP or other type that the the when HP Advanced its resealable cool, ready to the to immediately. finished to the This the from curling. NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. troubleshooting
information, Select The of the input If this the try the the the the information, the The might If this the the the the the to the incorrect. to the to to advanced such as brightness, or tone, to the appearance of the and matches the type of the You might to choose each other. choose higher high-quality photo, and then such as HP Advanced the input information, Select The incorrectly. If this the the the printhead the printhead. and troubleshoot NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes NOTE: On might appear than they when this there nothing with the or further troubleshooting required.
Clean the printhead HP the or graphics completely the following the the text or completely that appears that or HP the the the type Clean the printhead HP the information, the printhead The to If this the the the following and then clean the printhead. the the they completely properly off the properly, the This allows the to properly the printhead. cleaning the printhead, the to the information, Clean the printhead and The printhead to cleaned. If this the try the HP service. to: www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical There with the printhead. troubleshooting
Chapter HP to HP HP recommends that HP HP and tested with HP to easily Non-HP used. If this the the the the the information, the The might If this the the Check the the the type to matches the type of the input the and too the with high such as or The type or incorrectly. If this the the the type HP recommends that HP or other type that the and troubleshoot NOTE: HP the or of Product service or repairs as of supply covered warranty. If purchased HP to: www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes
Clean the printhead HP The of the of the following or the of the when HP Advanced its cool, ready to the to immediately. finished to the This the from curling. NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. information, Select The of the input If this the try the If the the cleaning the printhead. cleaning the printhead, the to the information, Clean the printhead and The printhead to cleaned. If this the the HP service. www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical There with the printhead. troubleshooting
Chapter NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. the type higher the the type HP that HP or other type that the the when HP Advanced its resealable cool, ready to the to immediately. finished to the This the from curling. information, Select The of the input If this the try the higher the and too the with high such as or The too If this the the the If the the software with the or another software to that the light or the of the The of light rotating the Printouts or the following or that the of the the correctly and troubleshoot
the the printhead Clean the printhead HP the correctly the the printhead that the correctly the input information, The correctly. If this the try the the and too the with high such as or the the selected matches the the The the too If this the the the the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes information, the The might If this the the the printhead. the quality. information, the printhead The to troubleshooting
Chapter If this the the Clean the printhead the following and then the printhead. cleaning the printhead, the to the information, Clean the printhead and The printhead to cleaned. If this the the HP HP service. to: www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical There with the printhead. Printouts or the following the as bright and as expected. the the type the Clean the printhead HP the the the type to matches the type of the input the and too the with high such as or The type or incorrectly. If this the the and troubleshoot
the type the Clean the printhead HP recommends that HP or other type that the the when HP Advanced specialty its resealable cool, ready to the to immediately. finished to the This the photo from curling. NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. information, Select The of the input If this the the the the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes information, the The might If this the the If the previous the cleaning the printhead. cleaning the printhead, the to the information, Clean the printhead and The printhead to cleaned. If this the the troubleshooting
Chapter HP HP service. to: www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical There with the printhead. Printouts or the following or NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. TIP: the this section, to to there troubleshooting information, to: www.hp.com/ the higher the the printhead the the the type to matches the type of the input the and too the with high such as or The type or incorrectly. If this the the higher higher If or graphic, and the too or when printed. If photo or graphic resized, or when printed. The of the If this the the and troubleshoot
the the printhead Printouts Printouts or the following appear straight the the correctly type of that the rear or securely the of the and then If or graphic, and the too high, or when printed. If photo or graphic resized, or when printed. The If this the the the printhead. the information, the printhead The to HP recommends that HP or other type that the the when HP Advanced specialty its resealable cool, ready to the to immediately. finished to the This the from curling. NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. information, Select The of the input troubleshooting
the correctly that the correctly the input information, The correctly. If this the the type of type of More than type of the input If this the the that the or securely that the rear securely If the to clear Gently the it The securely installed. the back of the the following there smeared the back of of while the of or of to the To using of the input with or the back of the If there the back of the another of the where the back of the If this the the and troubleshoot
while the from the input the following to the with the first. If the first the trying the the the the correctly the Clean the Service the the the correctly the least thirty the the to then the The the to Turn off the and then the cord. the back and then the to the The If this the the that the correctly the input information, The correctly. If this the try the the the type to matches the type of the input the and too the with high such as or The type or incorrectly. If this the the troubleshooting
Chapter Clean the Clean the the following lint-free cloth, or that or fibers. or bottled might that the The and to cleaned. If this the try the the front of the find. the Service the If completed of the the previous HP service. to: www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical servicing. text the following the text and the rough. NOTE: this there with Therefore, the or printhead necessary. to or the printhead Clean the printhead to If the allow servicing to clear the Black should to hours. If and troubleshoot CAUTION: Trying to clear from the front of the the and clear through the or
or the printhead Clean the printhead to the printhead, this and the servicing allowed to clear when the services or to that the to smooth selecting the or The software offer that when or printed. Also, to might when or printed. If this the the the printhead. the information, the printhead The to If this the the If the previous the cleaning the printhead. cleaning the printhead, the to the information, Clean the printhead and The printhead to cleaned. troubleshooting
The the following the slowly. the HP the and the than Normal or the The to high If this the the the the the information, the The might the printhead to overheat. the printhead overheats, the to allow to cool. If this the the HP HP service. to: www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical There with the Advanced printhead If with might with the printhead. You should the procedures the following sections when to Performing the and cleaning and the of the and troubleshoot NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes
If about the information. This section the following topics: Clean the printhead the printhead Clean the printhead If or incorrect or the printhead might to cleaned. There of cleaning. Each about of and increasing amount of each the of the You should initiate the phase of cleaning the If both of cleaning, the If cleaning and HP To the printhead from the A4, or white the input Press and To the printhead from the A4, or white the input the HP the The appears. Click the Services Click Clean Printhead Follow the with the of the and then NOTE: Cleaning the printheads when necessary. The cleaning might the process. cleaning the printheads, information, Not turning the off properly information, Turn off the and release NOTE: You the from the the the and then Services troubleshooting
Chapter To the printhead from the OS X) Click the HP the Select Select the to clean and then Select Select Clean Printheads and then click Clean To the printhead from the A4, or white the input Click the Services the Clean Printheads from the the Quality section, and then the printhead The the printhead the You might to this when the shows or white through of the of or with To the printhead from the A4, or white the input Press and and release To the from the A4, or white the input the HP the The appears. Click the Services Click the The the printhead, and the or the and troubleshoot NOTE: If HP the the Spotlight the right of the type HP the and then the HP entry. NOTE: You the from the the the and then Services three
To the printhead from the OS X) Click the HP the Select Select the to and then Select Select from the the and then To the printhead from the A4, or white the input Click the Services the from the the Quality section, and then the or only that the and the used. information, specifications from the information, the the to the the the the tight, the the curled. it the of the thin that the completely loaded. If using that only the top of other of the to the easily the NOTE: If HP the the Spotlight the right of the type HP the and then the HP entry.
Chapter correctly the otherwise, off the from the output There to the of the the the to the If the from the and the properly, that the properly the properly the when the the to the the the the tight, the the overloaded with HP performance and efficiency. This section to that the This section the following topic: using phone or to the to the information, the or the OS X) the securely connected to the the switch, or router turned and properly. and troubleshoot
the the that connected to the the the information, specifications the IP To the IP of the from the the information, the or wireless the the IP from the command the IP type the following the MS-DOS If appears, the IP correct. If time-out appears, the IP incorrect. troubleshooting If to the software, that: to the and the The and the turned including protection protection and firewalls, closed or the the as the that using the If the the the and the IP manually the information, the network or wireless If using that the created the match the IP the Click to and then or and Click and then Right-click the and then the Select the TCP/IP the and then NOTE: correcting of the following, the
the IP the and matches the IP the If the IP the IP the to match the the Click OK to the and the boxes. to wired If the Network light the that of the troubleshooting Though recommended that the with IP might (such as with firewall) wireless If the to with the completing the wireless and software installation, or of the following the shown below. wireless troubleshooting Advanced wireless troubleshooting wireless troubleshooting the following the presented. NOTE: If this the first the wireless and using the included software, that the USB connected to the and the the wireless light turned If the light the HP wireless the wireless might turned To wireless, and the Wireless three seconds, and then release the NOTE: If HP Ethernet that Ethernet connected to the Connecting Ethernet off the HP wireless of the wireless Turn off the router and the HP and then them back this router first, and then the HP If to off the router, HP and turning off the and then turning back recover the Wireless Network wireless the Wireless Network To Wireless Network and the and then the and troubleshoot
Then release buttons. If detected, the include that might the Advanced wireless troubleshooting If the the troubleshooting section and to to HP to the wireless the following the presented: connected to that the HP connected to to the firewall software the HP and ready wireless router SSID the wireless of the HP as the only) the HP Network Devices service only) to wireless (WAP) connected to To wired lights the where the Ethernet from the router to Usually there lights, that and another that If lights, to the lights If the lights try reconnecting the Ethernet to the and the router. If lights, there might with the router, the or NOTE: lights. To the Ethernet Preferences the and then Network If the Ethernet correctly, Ethernet appears the of with the IP and other information. If Ethernet appear the there might with the router, the Ethernet or information, the the wireless
Chapter To wireless that wireless turned information, the that with If (SSID), then that wireless connected to that The following connected to Click to Network and then Network and Click Network the and then the while to the Disconnect the from the wireless router. The of should to Not Connected the to the wireless router. The should to Connected. OS Click the the the top of the From the that appears, the turned and which wireless connected to. If to to the who or the router as there might with router or If to the and HP Network www.hp.com/sbso/wireless/tools-setup.html? (This English.) and troubleshoot NOTE: information about Preferences the and then Network If the wireless correctly, appears to the of information, the the
that the HP connected to If connected to the as to the HP the Follow the this section to actively to the the HP the If the HP Ethernet and connected to Ethernet Ethernet the back of the If Ethernet the back, then wireless connectivity disabled. If the HP connected to wireless the Wireless information, the or wireless the printed, the Network and URL: to the (EWS) establish that the and the HP both active to they the the (EWS). information, to the firewall software If the EWS and both the and HP active to the the firewall security software might Network If the Network Ready, the HP actively connected to If the Network the HP connected to the Wireless Network the instructions the of this section) and follow URL The URL shown the assigned to the HP router. You this to to the To the EWS On the normally to the or the type the URL of the HP as shown the Network NOTE: If might to to the EWS. If the EWS, the HP the (such as to to network If the EWS or the HP the to the section firewalls. wireless
Temporarily off firewall security software and then to the EWS If the EWS, the HP If to the EWS and HP with the firewall turned off, to firewall to allow the and HP to with each other the If to the EWS to the HP with the firewall off, the firewall software to the HP the HP and ready If the HP software the HP from to the or offline, from To the HP the following Click to and then or and Click and then If the the and then of the following, the If the HP right-click the and If the HP right-click the and the HP the OS Click Preferences the and then Select the HP and the If appears the that appears, If the HP the that the as to the firewall might If the HP the to the section troubleshooting wireless router SSID If wireless router or Apple Station SSID, HP the the wireless of the HP as the only) If the software the might of the or and If or and troubleshoot
to the HP the of the as the Click to and then or and Click and then the of the the or and connected wirelessly: Right-click the and then or Preferences On the the with The of the that connected wirelessly TCP/IP as the to the Right-click the the of the that connected wirelessly and as the HP Network Devices service only) To the HP Network service currently the On the right-click or and then Double-click Services and Applications and then Services the of services, right HP Network Devices and then the service using the HP the network If to the HP the If the HP the or to this to the firewall might If this there might with or router. the who or the router to wireless (WAP) MAC security which wireless (WAP) with of MAC of that allowed to to the through the WAP. If the WAP the of to the the WAP the to the If the WAP MAC then the MAC to the of MAC the information, the or wireless the and the to the of MAC NOTE: If there than the the HP right-click the the of the that connected wirelessly and as wireless
Chapter Troubleshoot If the following topics and warranty information about HP Software the that and from and the that the with that lights or the light, which should If light other than the light or there information, lights reference that the Rear or locked the that cords and that that the connected securely to both the and to the printhead and that the printhead and firmly their correct, Press each to The they that and covers closed properly. the properly the turned the from the front right of the the the the Match the of the and of the with the that the and the top of the to that snapped completely Press that sticking They should and troubleshoot NOTE: the proceeding.
If sticking and to back the and the If the troubleshooting The If the to the If of the sticking to the the that indicated the and then the the to release from the Press the back The should when the correctly seated. If the the might to the from the Gently the from the the It should the and the If the the off, and then Software the that of the operating that the least the the that the USB If and the the the the CD) to clean of the and the to the CD that the software operating software, that other closed. If the the to the CD-ROM that type, that specifying the If the the CD the CD-ROM inspect the CD You the from the HP www.hp.com/support CAUTION: to the than about inches). NOTE: correcting the Troubleshoot
Chapter troubleshooting If to the software, that: to the and the The and the turned applications, including protection protection and firewalls, closed or the the as the that using the If the the the and the IP manually the information, the or wireless If that the created the match the IP the Click to and then or and Click and then Right-click the and then the Select the TCP/IP the and then the IP the and matches the IP the If the IP the IP the to match the the Click OK to the and the boxes. to wired If the Network or Wireless light the that of the troubleshooting Though recommended that the with IP might (such as with firewall) To the Press and Network The light seconds. the light Press Wireless to the and that the the (SSID) and the and troubleshoot Network the button) three and release Network the Wireless
Clear Occasionally, becomes the following to clear the that with that specifications. information, Select to with that or that the input correctly and too information, Clear the Clear the To clear from the the or the of the or and then the or CAUTION: Trying to clear from the front of the the and clear through the or the with both and then If the there, and using the the top of the and its cover. If the the cover. the or the Clear
Chapter the top cover. If there the the to the right of the or and the through the top of the clearing the covers, the turned off) and the that nothing the path. the trays. information, properly and when the information, that or crumpled. that conforms with specifications. information, Select the the the or the Printhead The printhead appears to or Incompatible Printhead Printhead and printhead Disconnected Cartridge Cartridge Mismatch The The of Incompatible Cartridge(s) to Previously HP Service Capacity Warning and troubleshoot WARNING! reach the when and the the top cover, the should to its the right of the If to the right, off the
Printhead The printhead appears to or the following to the Advanced printhead Incompatible Printhead The printhead this or the following to the Advanced printhead Printhead and advanced printhead This section covers the following topics: Printhead The following printhead Advanced printhead Printhead The following printhead the following to the Advanced printhead Advanced printhead To the printhead that the turned the WARNING! the printhead as of the Printhead
Chapter of the and them of with the the the the printhead straight and troubleshoot
Clean the printhead. There three of the printhead that to cleaned: the both of the the the and the and the the of the Edge and CAUTION: the and the with cleaning and with To clean the printhead Lightly clean, cloth and the from the to the top. the the and the Clean shows the cloth.
Chapter fresh, lightly lint-free cloth to and from the the and the fresh, lightly lint-free cloth to the both of the from the the previously cleaned with cloth proceeding to the and troubleshoot
Clean the the the with cloth proceeding to the the and then the printhead. To the the Lightly clean, cloth with bottled or Clean the the with the cloth from top to as fresh, cloths as necessary. Clean shows the cloth.
the the the the clicks and seated the the Disconnected the following to the Choose HP recommends when becomes The amount of the following enough to and HP recommends to when and troubleshoot NOTE: the the Leaving the incorrectly seated and The to correctly the
HP when becomes the following to the the The amount of the following enough to and HP recommends to when the following to the the the following to the Turn off the the cord, and seconds. Then, the back and the If to this write the the the and then HP to www.hp.com/ If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical The printhead or the and the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes information recycling HP recycling NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes information recycling HP recycling
Chapter Cartridge Choose The following appears to or Cartridge(s) The following the The following appears to or the following to the the NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes information recycling HP recycling Cartridge(s) The following the the the the following to the the Cartridge The following the following to the the HP recycling Mismatch match or type selected the following to the and The Please off. Check or other the following to the Clear the and troubleshoot
There (or Clear the and the the the following to the Clear the The of and the the front of the the following to the Incompatible Cartridge(s) Choose The following this The following this as currently The following this the following to the the HP recycling The following this as currently the following to the the HP recycling currently offline the following to the To the or offline operating of the following: On the and then XP: On the and then and Double-click the to the
Chapter On the there to or If try to To the or offline OS X) Click Preferences and then the to Double-click the to the If selected, If to currently the following to the to The to to the Previously HP The following used: The HP other the of the If satisfactory, cleaning the printhead to that the Follow the the or to information, Clean the printhead NOTE: HP recommends that the of the of If installed, the If satisfactory, the cleaning from the Service Capacity Warning If to or the this upright and its to might change. The nearly the service capacity. If to or the this upright and its to There with the the the and then HP to: and troubleshoot
www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical
lights reference The lights and This section information about the lights, what they and what action to necessary. lights lights and light and light Network lights lights reference with Wireless with
information, the HP www.hp.com/support the troubleshooting information, or and Light Explanation and recommended action lights off. The light The The light and the light The light and the light The off. the Press The ready. action required. The turning or off, or action required. The the to the to the from the and clear the information, Clear the The the top and (such as Press to If the the off, and then The of and The width match the loaded. the the to match the lights
Chapter (continued) Light Explanation and recommended action The light and the light The light and the lights the the other, from to right. lights reference loaded. information, and cover closed completely. covers completely closed. The printhead or the indicated printhead properly If the the printhead.
(continued) Light Explanation and recommended action The light and the lights the other, from to right. The light and or of the lights The printhead the indicated printhead properly If the the printhead. One or of the There the the indicated and then to and the necessary. If the the indicated and might the indicated information, HP and NOTE: and only. to You to the becomes lights
Light Explanation and action The light and or of the lights The light and or of the lights lights reference One or of the faulty, incorrect, or incompatible. the indicated properly and then to and the necessary. If the the indicated One or of the and to and the existing when the becomes NOTE: and only. to
Light Explanation and recommended action The light and the light and or lights One of the following occurred. One or of the and the existing to To using the existing NOTE: and only. to One or of the the existing with HP CAUTION: HP the or of Product or to the of covered warranty. If purchased HP anticounterfeit lights
Chapter Light Explanation and recommended action lights lights reference To the existing You printhead and the the There might to the printhead. the indicated properly If this the indicated with or to using the existing non-recoverable occurred. the cord, and then the back and
HP and This section information HP and the The information to the HP www.hpshopping.com the You purchases through the To or the HP that HP software and the Select or HP uploads, with information, including and The HP that pre-selected. You or items, and then the or purchase the HP or other (options country/ Cartridge information and to appear You www.hp.com/buy/supplies If prompted, choose country/ follow the to and then the This section covers the following topics: HP NOTE: countries/regions. countries information telephone, locating and the to option the top of the www.hp.com/ buy/supplies to information about purchasing HP products country. NOTE: country/region, of these might information, to www.hp.com/support HP USB Network Q6275A USB that allows to the with computers. HP HP Wireless Q6301A, Q6302A wireless to Q6236A, Q6259A non-wireless to wireless HP and
countries/regions. countries information telephone, locating and the to option the top of the www.hp.com/buy/supplies to information about purchasing HP products country. You the the following On the Information of the From the Toolbox bidirectional the to the Cartridge and then Cartridge OS From the HP Utility, Info from the Information and and then Information On the of the replacing. From the information from the or the On the the NOTE: and only. warning to You to prompted to HP To such as HP to www.hp.com HP and HP with the ColorLok with the ColorLok tested to high of and and with than ordinary with the ColorLok of and from
and warranty The information and troubleshoot to If operating correctly and those of the following services to This section the following topics: HP telephone warranty warranty information the the To and warranty information, to the HP www.hp.com/support If prompted, choose country/region, and then HP information technical This offers technical information and other options such HP to with HP chat. software You from HP from the following The easy, to information, the connected to the to information, and the information, options and country/region, and and warranty
HP telephone the warranty from the HP Customer NOTE: HP telephone the following Click the to the process. If or OS X, these operating HPLIP. Please to the HP and This section the following topics: HP Additional warranty options HP Service HP the HP www.hp.com/support the troubleshooting information, or and Software from other might included with the HP If with of those the technical the that NOTE: This information apply to customers information service options HP Service To Customer to the following information to HP. the of the information, the If the the following information ready: and the back of the the operating that such as XP. If the connected to the the operating the connected to such as through USB or network the of the software. (To the of the the or and the About If from the and If follow these the that with the the HP www.hp.com/support HP to HP customers. It the information and and includes the following features: to specialists Software and the HP and warranty
HP options and country/region, and HP The and associated those of this publication. the HP of telephone and information, www.hp.com/support This section the following topics: Telephone the One of North America, and America (including To the of the East, and Africa, to www.hp.com/support phone charges apply. troubleshooting information Proactive and HP that when the HP HP telephone
Telephone the of telephone numbers, www.hp.com/support and warranty
HP while front of the and the HP to the following information: (located the the front of the (located the back or of the that appear when the to these the phone the from HP the HP www.hp.com/support HP or the country/region to learn about Additional warranty options service the HP to www.hp.com/ country/region and then the services and warranty information about the service HP Service this Can or software to about the that this to this (such as thunderstorm, HP HP telephone
instructions to the HP and warranty
warranty warranty
warranty information The HP warranty when the its HP This warranty cover HP that remanufactured, refurbished, or with. the warranty the covered as as the HP and the of warranty reached. The of warranty YYYY/MM found the as indicated: the If HP Customer or to the of purchase, to the service, and the following items The or The The cord, USB and other connected to the the input This section the following topics: the or the the or the or the the of the or the and then the or the the the and warranty
the and of the the Complete the following the To the If the the or the that with the the of the Include the following items the If the please other caused and/or covered the warranty. of service of helpful). of the or other of purchase to establish the warranty coverage and where reached the the
C and specifications, Physical specifications Product features and and memory Network specifications Acoustic ISO Physical specifications height) inches) With inches) to the rear of the include With Product features and Capacity Connectivity USB high Wired yellow, www.hp.com/pageyield/ information HP PCL Font US CG CG Italic, Universe, Universe Italic, Italic, Gothic, Gothic Italic. to month and memory ARM946ES, ETM9 specifications HP PCL GUI
memory MB built-in RAM, MB built-in ROM Service XP Service XP Service OS information, www.hp.com/go/linuxprinting Microsoft Service II or MB RAM, MB free Microsoft Microsoft XP Service II or MB RAM, MB free Microsoft Microsoft Service AMD Athlon or AMD or with EM64T 512MB RAM, MB free Microsoft Microsoft or MB RAM, MB Microsoft OS G3, G4, G5, or Core MB memory, MB free or OS X) or Recommended Microsoft Service III or higher MB RAM, MB free Microsoft or Microsoft XP Service III or higher 512MB RAM, MB Microsoft or Microsoft XP Service AMD Athlon or AMD or with EM64T 512MB RAM, MB free Microsoft or Microsoft or GB RAM, MB Microsoft or OS G3, G4, G5, or Core MB memory, MB free Microsoft or XP); or NOTE: the information about operating and NOTE: SP4, XP Edition SP XP SP Edition, and Edition only and the
C Network specifications Network operating XP (Professional and Editions), XP Professional OS and higher,10.5.x) Microsoft Services with XP with Release Microsoft Services with Microsoft Services Microsoft Services Microsoft Services with Microsoft Services with Microsoft Services with XP with Release Compatible TCP/IP Network HP to remotely and specifications TCP/IP-based (IPX/SPX-based supported) Microsoft or higher, or higher, Firefox or higher, or or higher) the connected directly to with USB features) It the of firewall as the Black to with HP to HP photo with input NOTE: You the without connected to the
specifications to C to F) Recommended operating to C to F) Recommended humidity: to to C to F) relative humidity: to of C F) supply Universal to VAC to Acoustic specifications ISO Sound Sound (BA) Acoustic ISO
information This section the following topics: FCC Notice to users VCCI (Class B) users Notice to users about the and LED information wireless products Declaration of conformity stewardship Third-party FCC information
Notice to users VCCI (Class B) Notice to users about the and and
LED information wireless products This section the following information to wireless products: to Notice to users Notice to users Notice to Union to Notice to Notice to users information
Notice to Union information wireless products
regulatory assigned The SNPRC-0802-01 (HP or SNPRC-0802-02 (HP This should confused with the (HP or Declaration of conformity information
Declaration of conformity
stewardship to products sound recycling incorporated this The of to while functionality and reliability. to easily. and other easy to access, and High to and information, Commitment to the www.hp.com/hpinfo/globalcitizenship/environment/index.html This section the following topics: Plastics sheets Recycling HP recycling of users households the Union This the of to DIN and EN Plastics to international that the to plastics recycling the of life. (MSDS) obtained from the HP www.hp.com/go/msds Recycling HP offers increasing of and recycling countries/regions, and with of the recycling throughout the HP of its products. information recycling of HP products, please www.hp.com/hpinfo/globalcitizenship/environment/recycle/ HP recycling HP to protecting the The HP Recycling countries/regions, and and of charge. information, to the following www.hp.com/hpinfo/globalcitizenship/environment/recycle/ information
of households the Union significantly while which and money without affecting the high performance of this To the ENERGY STAR stewardship
this the Product Sheet or Specifications Qualified products Third-party This section the following topics: SHA2 Copyright Source Software granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright (C) Young rights This SSL written The written as to with SSL. This free and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright terms that the Copyright and as such Copyright the to If this should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the information
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning features or of this software the following "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgement: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The and publically or of this this and another [including the GNU Copyright The rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN Third-party
NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written This includes software written Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written This includes software written Copyright Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ECC cipher originally SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and contributed to the SHA2 FIPS SHA-224/256/384/512 information
Copyright (C) rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Third-party