CP-A100 Network Thank purchasing this This the function that the following features. The and software PC, which to and the The that the This to Network function only. operations or other to the and and WARNING reading them, them reference. NOTE The information this to without The responsibility that appear this The reproduction, or of or of this without written acknowledgment of Microsoft Corporation. other the of their respective owners. using this to this
About this and and Network Option with software and the Network Information Network Security Network SNMP Command the Network
and You or the from PC that connected to the the from the and offers the to the the and the and to the and functions
and and The following to the to PC through the PC with the network software LAN CAT-5 or
the and PC with LAN with existing the Next, please the PC as below. Network This the of XP and to XP as authority. from Network and authority the account, which to Network Network and Network and
and network as TCP/IP and (TCP/IP) IP and PC. Properties (TCP/IP)
[About IP manually The Network included the IP PC should with the IP the PC should with other the including the The as follows. Therefore, specify IP as follows. Select from to with other this IP from to PC. NOTE to the IP The IP the If the and PC the the and PC necessary. the DHCP to IP to the and PC automatically. DHCP and the function to IP from to that DHCP function DHCP IP (Network this IP shows (Network this and
and Option Click Network and to Click and then [LAN to Network (LAN) Network and Properties Click Click
Network (LAN) PC and connected properly If connected, and properly or PC and specify following URL, then URL: http://(Projector IP IP specify If appears, succeeds. Network (LAN) URL: and
with software with software This with the following functions software. and the You the of or the using from PC that connected to the The to specified when the or encountered SNMP This SNMP Network allowing to it from location SNMP software. the to warning to specified PC. You the to functions to the and The that the Command the Network The using RS-232C commands
and the You or the from PC that connected to the NOTE or required. If to the properly. the to You SSL using XP Service or earlier of Microsoft Please specify https:// when the IP of the the You can't the SSL It recommended that It recommended that users Microsoft to XP Service security Q832894 (MS04-004) or the interface displayed correctly. when using earlier of operations the seconds. with software
with software and the or the browser, ID and required. There of IDs, ID and ID. The following chart the and IDs. Item Network Information the and Network N/A and N/A and N/A and N/A warning and N/A and the and N/A and Security N/A and other the and the the Network N/A
and the (continued) to the following or the If the IP of the to the of the and or The displayed. ID and and the factory ID, user ID and Item ID If the the or displayed. with ID Click the operation or item the located the of the with software with ID
with software and the Network Information the Item the DHCP the DHCP IP the IP the Gateway the MAC the ethernet MAC the firmware This information when ID. the firmware This information displayed when ID. this shown when with the ID. that the shown when with the ID. to the
and the Network and Item IP DHCP ON DHCP. DHCP OFF DHCP. IP the IP when DHCP the when DHCP Gateway the when DHCP sysLocation (SNMP) sysContact (SNMP) DNS the DNS Click [Apply] to the the of the The of the to characters. and following used. and the location to to when SNMP. The of the sysLocation to characters. and A-Z used. the information to to when SNMP. The of the sysContact to characters. and A-Z used. with software
with software and the (continued) NOTE The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the If the to existing
and the and Item Network Click to Click when authentication Authentication this Network Click to Click when authentication Authentication this the Click the to Click the when authentication Authentication this SNMP the SNMP Click to SNMP. Trap the of the SNMP Trap IP SMTP the SMTP Click to the function. Click [Apply] to the NOTE The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the with software
with software and the and Item SMTP IP Click [Apply] to the NOTE You whether the correctly Please clicking If the to existing Click to the function. the the the of the IP The allows only IP the DNS the Network The of or to characters. the The of the to characters. the of to You specify [TO] or [CC] each The of the to characters.
and the and Item The cover properly fixed. The cooling The light, and there that become heated. There that the become heated. The or closed properly. Flow The There that the become Cold overcooled. Other Other If this please Transition Detector CHANGE THE LAMP CHANGE THE LAMP displayed. displayed. The switch turned Cold The SNMP from the SNMP Authentication community. to Troubleshooting the further of Other and Transition Detector OPTION the with software
with software and the The Items shown below. Item the to and SNMP Trap Click to SNMP Trap Click to Cold and Authentication Text Click [Apply] to the NOTE The of the FILTER MESSAGE the SERVICE item of the OPTION which the the the The when the or hours based the the FILTER MESSAGE to TURN OFF. OPTION the as threshold of the the hour this threshold that through the the as threshold of the the hour this threshold, the the of the to The of the to characters. Cold and Authentication the of the to The of the text to characters. Cold and Authentication
and the and Item the the the the the Thursday the Thursday the the the the the the the with software
with software and the The and items shown below. Item Click to the the The items shown below. Item Click to (Month/Day) the month and the Click [Apply] to the To and and the following items. Item the to commands. Command the commands to executed. the Source the input switching. the of Click to commands to the Click button to commands from the Click to commands from the NOTE the the and the the shock the and of
and the and the and Item the year/month/day the Click [ON] to daylight and Daylight the following items. the and Month the month daylight the of the month daylight the of the daylight Mon, Wed, hour the hour the and daylight Month the month daylight the of the month the of the Mon, Wed, hour the hour the daylight the with software
with software and the Item Click the [ON] to and SNTP information from the SNTP and the following items. SNTP IP the which to and information from the SNTP Click [Apply] to the NOTE The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the If the to existing To the SNTP function, the The and information from the and when SNTP The internal clocks SNTP recommended to the the as the PC. If IT the SNTP IP The allows only IP the DNS the Network The of or to characters.
and the Security and and other security Item authority the ID and ID authority the ID and ID the the ID. The of the text to characters. the The of the text to characters. the the ID. The of the text to characters. the The of the text to characters. with software
with software and the Item the Authentication the Network Authentication Authentication SNMP the SNMP used. the community The of the text Community to characters. Click [Apply to the NOTE The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the and A-Z used. the Authentication The of the text to characters. the
and the NOTE The match with the the the manually. that please refresh the clicking [Refresh] the Item the on/off. Source Selects the input Selects the On/Off on/off. on/off. on/off. the Brightness the brightness the Selects the Selects the the the Sharpness the sharpness MyMemory the MyMemory MyMemory the MyMemory the input might though reach to The or with software The items shown the below the Select item the and arrow the PC. of the items to the below
with software and the Item Aspect Selects the aspect Scan the the the Phase the phase. the the Selects the NR Selects the reduction Selects the Selects the Format Selects the Format Selects the the lock-Computer1 function on/off. Computer1 the lock-Computer2 function on/off. Computer2 Selects the Computer1 input type. Selects the Computer2 input type. the the the the Whisper Selects the whisper Selects the the Turns the built-in on/off. Audio-Computer1 Assigns the AUDIO-COMPUTER IN1 input Audio-Computer2 Assigns the AUDIO-COMPUTER IN2 input Assigns the AUDIO-COMPONENT input Assigns the AUDIO-S-VIDEO input Assigns the AUDIO-VIDEO input
and the Item Screen Selects the the OSD. the the Selects the Selects the MyScreen MyScreen function on/off. Turns the function on/off. Option Search Turns the search function on/off. the function on/off. the to off the when off detected. Assigns the functions the MY BUTTON1 buttons the included Assigns the the MY BUTTON2 buttons the included the function on/off. front. Remote Top top. Normal the Remote High the high. Caption Selects Closed Caption DISPLAY Selects Closed Caption MODE Selects Closed Caption CHANNEL with software
with software and the and the Item the the the the the the the input On/Off the on/off the on/off the
and the (continued) Network the Item the to NOTE Restarting to to further or the or clicking to The displayed restarting the network the DHCP to ON. clicked, the displayed. with software
with software The to the specified when the that or NOTE to specified. The to the To the function, please the following items through If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the Click to the SMTP Click [Apply] to the NOTE Network the SMTP Click [Network and the following items. Click and each to the item further information. Click [Apply] to the NOTE Click to that the correct. The following to the specified Text <Testing <Testing IP IP MAC MAC
Click the to the Select and each to the item further information. Click [Apply] to the Failure/Warning as follows: title> Text <Failure/Warning <Failure/Warning IP IP MAC MAC with software
with software SNMP The SNMP Network to the information, which or warning from the the The SNMP software the to this function. NOTE It recommended that SNMP SNMP software the to the SNMP. SNMP the following items to SNMP. If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the Click to the SNMP the IP to the SNMP to when Failure/Warning NOTE Network the SNMP Click [Network and the following items. Click [Security the Click [SNMP] and the community the that displayed. NOTE Click [Network and the following items. Network the Community the Trap of Failures/Warnings. Click the and the Failure/Warning item to Click to the SNMP Failures/Warnings. Clear when SNMP Click [Apply] to the
The function to including off. It to NOTE You the following ON/OFF, Source and The off the lowest the that the There of The scheduled as follows to scheduled Priority to those with the when than the and and to the and scheduled with software
with software from If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the and the to the please Click to the (month/day) Click [Apply] to the Click to the and to the To the Click when to There three of the specified operation specified every the specified operation the specified of the the operation the specified and NOTE the seconds when least ON the function used, the connected to the and the outlet and the switch turned The function when the switch turned off, [O] or the tripped. The lights or when the the
The If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the and each to the item further information. Click [Apply] to the NOTE Network the Daylight or SNTP The the built clock the clock when the and correctly. the following the instructions the battery. clock the The internal clocks SNTP recommended to with software
with software The that the PC. You from the or to the the instructions. To the the item the NETWORK information, please the of the item of the NETWORK NETWORK NOTE It to the to the The displayed using function from the to the item
the following items from when used. If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the Click the to the Click the the [Authentication] when authentication required, otherwise clear the Click the [Apply] to the the authentication the following required. Click [Security the Select [Network and the authentication Click the [Apply] to the NOTE The Authentication the Network Network and The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the with software
with software Command the Network You and the the RS-232C commands. The following assigned the TCP TCP NOTE that the function. Command (TCP Command the following items from when used. If the IP of the to the of the the ID and and Click the Click to Network to TCP Click [Authentication] when authentication required, otherwise clear the Click to Network to TCP Click [Authentication] when authentication required, otherwise clear the Click [Apply] to the
Command the Network the authentication the following required. Click [Security the Click [Network and the authentication NOTE. Click [Apply] to the NOTE The Authentication the Network Network and The activated restarting the the the You the clicking [Network the with software
with software Command the Network (continued) Command Format Command the TCP You the RS-232C commands without The the as the RS-232C commands. the following back the of authentication when authentication <Reply the of authentication Reply TCP The following formatting to the header and ID of the RS-232C commands. RS-232C command RS-232C commands Fixed) RS-232C commands RS-232C commands that with bytes) This the to the of the from the header to the ID from to (This attached to the ID
Command the Network Reply The ID (the as the ID the attached to the RS-232C commands <ACK reply> Reply <NAK reply> Reply reply> Reply reply> Reply reply> Reply <Authentication reply> Authentication Reply ID ID with software ID ID ID ID
with software Command the Network (continued) Break The TCP disconnected there seconds established. Authentication The commands without authentication when authentication The type authentication with MD5 algorithm. the LAN, authentication this and the Authentication and this with the MD5 and this front of the commands to Following the Authentication to and the the the from the the and the Authentication and becomes a572f60cpassword. this a572f60cpassword with MD5 It this front of the commands and the the correct, the and the authentication NOTE authentication when the the of the or commands, the