EPSON
EPSON II+
IMPORTANT NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY Corporation or warranties, or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to COPYRIGHT NOTICE rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or other- without the written of Corporation. with to the of information contained While every the of this publication, Corporation or from the of the information this publication and to without TRADEMARKS of Corporation. of Inc. of graphic of IBM and AT and XT of International Microsoft, MS-DOS, and GW-BASIC of Microsoft Copyright Corporation
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the Communications helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington DC If the interference caused the or its To further isolate the WARNING This to comply with the Class computing to of of FCC input/output fied to with the Class attached to this with peripherals to interference to and TV reception. The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS the peripheral and their input/output If the interference it caused the peripheral or its I/O These usually shielded I/O the shielded from peripheral the or
II+ high- performance that offers of First choose of the II+ then the and to with to the tion that the The II+ these One 1.2MB high-density One 1.2MB and 40MB internal Both include 640KB of memory. You II+ to increase its capacity: another (360KB, 720KB, 1.2MB, or 1.44MB) or The II+ with both interface and These interfaces or or choose. You further the of II+ optional to which The II+ option which option cards. (One the and interfaces.) You choose the type of to with II+. and with the II+: or and RGB (red, and CGA graphics or EGA graphics RGB and CGA or EGA or and CGA and EGA EGA and EGA Introduction
You memory option to increase the amount of internal memory II+, and math (which option the board). You the IBM Computer, PC XT, and PC AT the II+. with from to to which peripherals and. option The II+ with the MS-DOS@ operating and the GW-BASIC If MS-DOS another that the the II+. to to MS-DOS however, of the You purchased other software; software products the IBM PC, PC XT, and PC AT II+. to software information the software. Additionally, the II+ and with the operating information. to this This to and II+. It to and optional You to everything this sections option or accessory Follow the instructions Chapter to and Chapter procedures. Chapter and and shows to them. to and option If to Chapter troubleshooting to the when optional the II+ specifications, and C of this to the whenever
The section of this the II+. You these the first and the of II+.
II+ follow the this chapter- to these the back cover. Unpacking from their to inspect each If or Once II+ and should this and the following items: The and cord. The with that the MS-DOS operating and the commands to operating both of which the MS-DOS commands operation. the commands; to of the commands. This the MS-DOS and the GW-BASIC reference that of You these the first and to This MS-DOS commands to information or advanced MS-DOS operations. MS-DOS and GW-BASIC to these items, bought and with the this and to With information.
to They the protection to or Removing the the the This the factory to the read/write heads. to Turn the that covers the the (If optional with button, the button to release the the sheet and whenever the to another of the If to or such as when the to from the Choosing Location choose Whether or the office, to location where properly. Choose location that the following: or easily the of including its Soft and electricity, which and the Soft to freely the as as of around the to allow You to from humidity, and sunlight or other of heat. High operation, cool, cant to and which and
To charges, to grounded outlets. You outlet the the and and other The outlet the of the II+ reduces the of outlets interference. from that field. right to the to the of shows typical
If or to to the the front and back of the The front the the front To the and switches, each cover the of the front This releases the cover and gently to the switches. POWER switch. this switch to the II+ or off. The top that high- (1.2MB) lock/release latch. To this To release light. light that the accessed. To or off the when this light
optional You another (1.44MB, 1.2MB, 720KB, or 360KB) and/or these II+ with least 1.2MB light. light that the accessed. To turn off the when this light light. the light the The light the CPU and RESET Press this to the operat- and the the RESET button to the CPU SPEED switch. this switch to the to the to and to the right to MONITOR SELECT switch. this switch to the using or to the right the The back the back to the input/output shows where switch Option
WARNING: peripherals the the off the switch or peripheral. switch. this switch 115V USA and the switch to the right to 230V other countries (as necessary). AC OUTLET You (and other of the instead of The switch the or peripheral connected to this AC INLET the the the switch off when the with interface, such as or Allows to with interface, such as another or Option The II+ to to option cards. Option allow to peripherals or performance. One option the and interfaces as as the If II+ another option You to or the card(s) purchased You the other to such as memory Connecting the Cord the the AC the of the back as shown To shock, to this the the other the the
the type of to instructions or follow the below. to If to Chapter instructions to the cover and option top of or the II+ It to the the of the and If necessary, the to the with permanently the of the to or color/graphics the back of the as shown If the screws, them with screw- Connecting the Connecting The to to the
The type match the the If of RGB or RCA Table to and match. type or graphics (TTL or graphics or RGB graphics graphics RCA-type or to the switches the to match Connecting the
the first the the and then If the type of the the back of the II+ the switch the front of the the type of the switch to the or to the right Connecting the Follow these to the the cover the the front of the Press to release the cover; then the cover. the other of the the as shown force the to the the the
You the of the the the bot- To the the and each as shown You the to or them the
Connecting The II+ both and interfaces. You easily or that type of follow the instructions below. offers of products. information. interface The II+ interface and DB-25S interfaces. To to the If which Once follow these to to the interface the the to the the switches both the and the off. the of the to the the back of the as shown If the screws, them with screwdriver. Connecting the to the
the other of the to the as shown To the the each of the and them the each of the the interface If (or another peripheral such as with interface, to the (RS-232C) the back of the The II-+ DB-9P (or that the to the To follow the You to the properly. If the redirect to the instead of the the MS-DOS SETMODE (or the MODE command) to these MS-DOS instructions, Connecting the
The II+ character The II+ character that assigns graphics and international characters to of the ASCII to these characters characters instead. the IBM character (the character the II+ as and others the graphic characters when information. Turning On the ready to the and II+ the following Follow these to or yourself: the or off with the to of the the top to and option If there reading Chapter troubleshooting, or to optional math off the the cord, and the cover. from the when the switch off or while light This or whole least seconds switch the off switch Turning the off and the top of or to or of its the of
Turning the switch ready to It to the and peripheral the the the the back of the Then the grounded Turn the the that appear as If or other peripheral turn You with or without the top the empty. To the the switch the front of the as shown The the front lights and the cooling the seconds, the to internal If the clearly, the to the brightness and characters the clear and bright. If the and Initial If this the first II+ used, to the the reference to This that least once. You to Turning the
configuration-by to the or the tion the back of this instructions. Initial the its RAM memory) KB 0K Then the following displays: or and when ready This the operating from the top The II+ operating (DOS) to function. It with MS-DOS If to another operating To operating the to and Chapter to MS-DOS (or other operating to the only of the and the MS-DOS to to If to operating to Chapter and to MS-DOS or other operating instructions to If properly and to MS-DOS, the appear. Instead, the operating when the The and and then the This the assigned as C.
This chapter covers basic II+ and and To the 1.2MB with the and the write-protect notch to the that the read/write from Then the as shown the the the the This the and the read/write heads the to the the II+
To the the and the the its protective and properly, such as If optional with the the as 1.2MB (with the facing the the to To the the to release and of the WARNING: or off the while the light You Also, to off the the II+ functions when shows the II+ and the
the command or operation. F1 F12 functions within Prints the the function. Break The and as when them. the function the light the of the when the function abled, the light off. Selecting The II+ or At the the You the to that scrolling. operation. Terminates operation.
To the the CPU SPEED switch the front the the light and the light the You the to operating or to the operating and the to commands, the and the the temporary memory (RAM), as MS-DOS, Ctrl and C to operation and to the MS-DOS If this the WARNING: the to CPU switch to. and whenever the If the while such
There three to each than the them the If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and and the the the right of the The and then MS-DOS reloads. (MS-DOS the or from the If this the try the Press the RESET the front This when the to commands. If this the the third from the Turn off the and peripheral and then off the II+ using the switch the front of the seconds and then switch the back Turning the turn off the and then from the Turn off and first, then off the the switch the front
The allow to and and when II+ least and/or This chapter and Choose and Protect Work The round of coated with and protective record, both The the as these tracks. read/write head the the the read/write head right the the This allows the read/write head to the when and and It sealed protective of and the as and capacity. magnetically, and as record, and and Chapter
Choosing the II+ or of the following of 360KB (You 160KB or 180KB These or sectors track, and to 360KB of information. (With sectors track, 320KB.) KB each bytes. 1.2MB These sectors track, and to 1.2MB of information. MB each bytes. 720KB double-sided, 720KB These sectors track, and to 720KB of information. 1.44MB S-inch, double-sided, high-density, 1.44MB These sectors track, and to 1.44MB of information. If than of these types, to of the and the they These apply to the type of other computers. and of the S&inch or Additionally, there using that the as the and the and type from and write to 360KB 160KB, 180KB, 320KB, or 360KB 1.2MB 160KB, 180KB, 320KB, or 360KB, and 1.2MB WARNING: If write to 360KB (or 160KB, 180KB, or 320KB) while 1.2MB to or write to 360KB S&inch, doubledensity, 360KB 5%inch, high-density, 1.2MB Table J/&inch 3%inch
type from and write to 720KB 720KB 1.44MB 720KB, 1.44MB If of the (360KB, 1.2MB, 720KB, and 1.44MB), from to another the COPY command) as as the type each You and type of You the DISKCOPY to from to another the the type. If of and to from to another of the type, to MS-DOS to You this the MS-DOS DRIVER.SYS MS-DOS instructions. You and type of MS-DOS or other software instructions to and To and to them properly. these to from and of or scratch the and the read/write heads from that magnetically.) There of or office, such as telephones, and They and humidity. the or or heat. The the of or winter Table
The its protective On the the properly. they their protective and them anything top of and they or They properly the or to clean when gently, and the top of to the top of another; too from freely It to write to only or to write that already or off the while the light This light that the copying to or from If this process, off the If these off the to the when the light This light that the currently copying to or from the If this process, to the The air-tight to from If to to another of the the reference to the read/write heads from the recording the section of this instructions. 3%inch
Protecting There to and write-protect You to them with operating Formatting the and to to only or that to to MS-DOS (or other operating instructions to It to of and Copy that such as the that with the II+, and the from Copy (preferably every to them and them from MS-DOS to of MS-DOS and operating To of other MS-DOS the DISKCOPY or the DU Utility) If of and to as information this chapter and MS-DOS Write-protecting You write-protect to its from write-protected, from the or If to write-protected displays. To write-protect notch shown with write-protect with to the write-protect S%inch the 5%inch when them. To write
On 3Sinch the write-protect switch the lower-right the back, shown To write-protect this the switch the of the there where the switch to To write to 3%inch the switch the of the the covered. notch switch notch Write-protected
usually the to least physical Normally, MS-DOS and and C the typical to two-drive to MS-DOS from A, software from the and to You MS-DOS from software that the operating including COMMAND.COM. If only MS-DOS the as This operations that normally to from to another, MS-DOS from the first the to the memory. Then MS-DOS to another and from memory to the the copying to the this easy to which which. One to to the and the the other right. You write-protect information with MS-DOS, MS-DOS The optional the II+ of bytes-about characters. This to reduces the of and of the when You of the and to as (to While the to back the MS-DOS BACKUP to back
Although of only the to of other internal the follow- things to the reference to and then the Format to the the to the MS-DOS operating the MS-DOS FDISK. Format the MS-DOS with the MS-DOS SELECT. Copy the MS-DOS to the SELECT instructions the the tics section of this instructions to the MS-DOS to MS-DOS If to operating other than MS-DOS, to that operating to the and the to
Option that II+ to another or The II+ option to cards. The and interface and If II+ another The that the fifth You option from as as other function cards, which allow to without using option informa- tion. This chapter to and the cover, and and option the To option to the from II+. WARNING: the cover of the II+ while If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back shown the top cover screws the back and four screws the each the screws and them to They when them Option Cards the cover, off the switches the and each the and then the Chapter
Turn the around the front to the of the cover and straight from the back of the as shown The cover fits tightly, first, firmly. and screws back the cover
You the of the cover from the of the them outward slightly, as shown the back of the cover inches from the back the cover off. the cover Option Card shows the option the II+. the and interface and to the and option and the other three- through option cards. shows both of cards. the the cover
Option option and option
the which option as as the fits the the (which The to the numbered. Also, other If such the instructions that with which to Option the to the first and follow the instructions closely. which option to If the (such as to the option cover the back of that the screw from the top of the option cover and to the option to the the cover and the option option cover
Unpack the option and switches or necessary. memory usually DIP switches that to the option instructions.) If the option to of the the II+ board, memory or A, the to of the the board, the If to top of its with the facing the the the the top corners and the top of the the and the the of the the the as shown the the the the of the plate the of the the notch the back of the option
Once the the the to If the smoothly, force the and straight. the plate the of the to the back of the with the screw. Option Card To option follow the to the screw holding the and the straight and of the Then the preferably with the and its the of the option with the cover and screw. If the post-installation below), to back. the (or option follow these to the cover: I. With the front of the facing the cover the the outward slightly and the cover the the the of the cover the of the the cover straight back the front with the the switch fits properly through the the front To the cover, the screws the back and the to its and the top, that where Then the to the the and other peripherals to the switch the off. Then the to the back of the and to
Post-installation option (and the cover and the and to the the reference to the information. to the that the the section of this tions. You to commands the MS-DOS instructions. option and the should the option options with their and others the the reference that with the II+. These memory and and the section of this instructions.
You should serious as and II+. anything of the ordinary to this chapter. Usually, such nothing than repeating software or the You the to If the recommended about servicing the WARNING: If to off the reason, least seconds back You the II+ off and The To If the when the switch, follow these to to the light the front If and then off the seconds, then the back If the light turn off the switch. to that the securely connected to both the AC the back and the Then the back If the the the outlet using the and to the The Appear If the appears the follow these to the to that the the If off the seconds, then turn the back to the appears. Chapter Troubleshooting
the the to the brightness and then off the switches the and the that the securely connected to the outlet and that the properly connected to both the and the Turn both switches back Turn off the switches both the and the Then the outlet the using the and to the outlet The Not If the to something from the board, try the following: seconds. operations to than oth- spreadsheet to spreadsheet than to Also, BASIC that of to or hours. of the the and the accordingly If the follow the the Computer. If with the following the Copy the and the that caused the the (If copying the of the sectors to with the COPY command.) If the the the another to as
the right type of The type shown the Choosing the II+ and and the write-protected? There write-protect the notch the of the the switch, the directory to what the information to or to directory.) Although should normally write-protect temporary the These write-protect the If with when first to to properly. and to MS-DOS If repartitioned or or of the If and function properly, autho- service the air-tight that the recording Software If with software the following and The software that following the operating the (the top to the software and the to the instructions. If this the (as Chapter the Computer), the and the To properly, the to the CPU with the switch the front Selecting Chapter 3%inch the or (5%inch) or the write-protect switch
to If correctly right the and properly connected to the computer. The to If the the DIP switch The DIP switches properly with the software Option Card If option and the following: the option correctly? follow the and the option instructions? DIP switches or the option option instructions. the A, If the to the peripheral to the or option the back the operating to the section this MS-DOS or other software instructions.
This to the the II+ optional that the It the option and the when If to yourself, when follow the this There that The II+ to the: board Memory and shows where each of these located the A-1 A-1. Location of Memory
WARNING: The these the factory of them the option If The first, then the and locations each separately. the instructions already the cover from the instructions removing the cover, the cover, and and option cards, Chapter where the placed: and the A) or and the B). A-2 shows both To from to the other, or to off the and to the other to the or of the Memory Card The the memory the following Amount of RAM memory). If memory that to of the memory, to the to of the memory the memory to memory instructions to this A-2 A-2. @B
EPROM You the EPROM of EPROM. to the the option shows the the the memory 640KB 512KB 128KB) 256KB 384KB) To the memory to the from the first: the screw from the the memory as shown A-3. A-1. Memory Select EPROM Select EPROM A-3. memory screw Function
the of the to catch the such as towel, with the facing A-4 shows the locations of the three to Table to them as the the memory the and with the screw. The the the following of EPROM. If necessary, the of or the EPROM. when Please of access. If necessary, the of or the optional when Please A-4 A-4. Memory
Math clock If or math to the clock The the of the easy to should to the or the should the to the the CMOS RAM, and the to the A-2 shows the functions the the board. EPROM EPROM option option option option To the the memory from the as to the while this the A-5 shows the locations of J1-J5 the board. to A-2 to them as the the memory its and with the screw. A-5 Table A-2. clock of CPU Function
The the the and the You normally the and the as the (LPT1 and COM1). or and to the to the the the built-in becomes secondary (JPT2 and COM2). Table A-3 shows the the that the A-3. Function built-in as built-in as secondary with IBM built-in A-6 A-5. board
Table A-4 shows the the that the A-4. Function built-in as built-in as secondary built-in To the to the from the the from the as shown A-6. straight and then to the screw from the the back of the as shown A-7. A-7 A-6. Disconnecting from
A-7. screw the from the it straight and with the facing A-8 shows where the located. them and then the three to A-8 A-8. as
CPU and Memory CPU or clock- switch-selectable memory ROM Math Interfaces II+ Specifications and tected or and 640KB RAM memory to 15.5MB with 32KB, to 64KB, ROM (optional) Supports to of four (360KB), (720KB), high-density (1.2MB), or high-density (1.44MB); Supports to (including 10MB, 20MB, 30MB, and 40MB); option RS-232C asynchronous, DB-9P DB-25S
Interfaces (continued) input/output Option and interface and options tion: three with and with RAM Optional Optional Optional Optional B-2 clock, and CMOS RAM Switching type, fan-cooled, VAC, VDC, VDC, VDC, VDC; Three using three half-height mounts) 5%inch, half-height double-sided, high-density, 1.2MB 5%inch, half-height double-sided, high-density, 1.2MB 51/G-inch, half-height 360KB 31%inch, half-height high-density, 1.44MB capacity half-height double-sided, 720KB
Optional QWERTY tion Function Three (normal/shift/alternate), to 90F to 35C) to Physical Characteristics (CPU Only) Width, inches Depth, inches inches pounds B-3 or 51/&inch, half-height or height three to 140F to 60C) to and 40MB VAC output
TTL or High-persistence, P-39 phosphor etched to reduce (12-inch Color/graphics RGB (13-inch graphics Enhanced graphics Enhanced graphics (13-inch B-4 Supports or 80-character character option Supports or RGB or character (low-resolution 80-character (high- (high-resolution graphics), four option High-contrast etched to reduce Supports and or graphics, and chrome) graphics, switch-selectable; option Supports and chrome, or text (80-character text (80-character graphics, B/W; graphics, color/graphics, option Enhanced 80-character (high-resolution high
ASCII American Information characters, such as numbers, and graphic ASCII character of transmitted ASCII computers, and of which character to another, without the of or or or The of The of the or of charge. To or operating or of that character, Character that the or the Includes numbers, and graphic CMOS Complementary chips. of or instructions. or of C
Command instruction the to to function. The of of typical consists of CPU with nected to and when Ctrl and another the that instructs to function. CPU Processing Unit. The of that tions, the of and input and operations. Cursor The highlighted that shows the and as and Information or to The and the to its internal and its DIP switches switches of such as CPU, or option DIP switch functions and with information about DIP Directory of the or of The both and C-2
The physical that allows the to from and write to the front of the which permanently the the front of coated with and to permanently. DOS The that the input and type of that allows to as as the the II+ capacity of 360KB or 720KB. of related of information records, or together Text of and of and to and instructions. Format To (or that informa- tion. Formatting and sectors and locations Graphics and other nonalphanumeric GW-BASIC Microsofts of the Instruction to easy to and The to permanently. It and than C-3
physical of such as or CPU. High-density type of that allows to to 1.2MB or 1.44MB of Input/output Interface physical or software to or (KB) to memory or One bytes. LED Light that when electricity through the lights the front of the II+. The II+ (MB) to memory or One bytes. Memory The where Memory and (ROM) or temporary (RAM). of CPU that allows to telephone and The of that the and displays informa- tion. C-4
that displays such as or as to that (as to to the and MS-DOS operating from Microsoft. DOS, of that allow to its operations. The operating the and input and output-for MS-DOS. Option the II+ to such as memory, or The type of interface that of Interface, To sections operating (such as or to that the its operation. physical input/output where peripheral. that instructions and what to and to PROM Read-Only Memory. PROM ROM that C-5
Access Memory. The of memory that both and write to. The temporarily RAM. RAM when off the To from to another. when text the reads the from the and displays the Read/write head The physical that reads and records the of To operating or operating clears RAM. RGB RGB displays high-resolution ROM Memory. of memory that and temporary ROM its when off the RS-232C widely-used, type of interface. You easily to the II+. Sector section of that which the The to its The type of interface that Interface, Software The that to the and tions C-6
that the operating Tracks resembling the record, which to the areas. There each of double-sided, and each of or double-sided, high-density To To from write-protect the notch the of the write-protect switch or its C-7 write-protected, (5%inch) or the
C-8
This section the the first and to
This section of to assembled, and to the of and To and of the reference the purchased, these and of the displays The this when first the and each to the Format this to or the installation. Format this to the tests. This only, that without these whenever or optional or that the defective. You these the from to another and the internal battery. this the to another location. The reference these MS-DOS commands: EXE2BIN Converts to HDCACHE HDSIT LINK Introduction performance of sectors cache the
ROMBIOS the ROM BIOS SYSTAT the These commands easy to The ROMBIOS the ROM BIOS type ROMBIOS and to this: ROM BIOS The SYSTAT displays the information supply when the type SYSTAT and to the MS-DOS information the of EXE2BIN, HDCACHE, HDSIT, and LINK. Starting the To the follow these Turn off the and seconds. the reference A, and the of the Turn the the the and then the The Whenever or the the built-in the This the RAM memory), board, and the operation. If the the the and the the the to the the reference to the of the and to C.
The OPERATION MENU the successfully, the the purchased, these and displays typical OPERATION MENU this: OPERATION MENU Format Format to DOS selection To of the from to and Option Format included the MENU only. This option the without exiting from the To the other the reference from the OPERATION MENU. Then the from the MS-DOS Option the of the following If this selection the OPERATION MENU: to DOS this when and the MS-DOS
If this selection: and this when and the selecting this option, the reference from and the normally. To from to the from A. This each item the appears the OPERATION MENU. and MS-DOS Commands choice the OPERATION MENU to MS-DOS command: OPERATION MENU Choice MS-DOS Command SETUP Format HDFMTALL Format FORMAT DIAGSYS HDSIT You these MS-DOS commands, with the of DIAGSYS, to or to directory another You then them as MS-DOS commands. To these commands, the COPY MS-DOS You the commands directly from the reference without C, and to follow these the reference A. to the C) type: HDSIT Press To the DIAGSYS, the with the reference A. If to this other the
This chapter to the to to the of the You from the OPERATION MENU, or the MS-DOS SETUP command. You when the first You to or optional or clock and to the or the information with CMOS RAM, which backed battery. the searches CMOS RAM to the information. If there the information CMOS RAM and the to the the To the from the OPERATION MENU, and then To the from the MS-DOS type SETUP and the appears: and Once highlight the option to option the displays of choices. the to the through the options this Chapter
You of the following To the without the to the or ESC. This to the To the writes the to CMOS RAM and the the the option from the The displays of the the the CMOS RAM. Below the this If incorrect, The appears and the If or to the to the OPERATION MENU or the MS-DOS without re-booting the Press to highlight the option without and the correct, AND SAVE and The writes the CMOS RAM, and then the the If the displays the and the Amount of Memory the Memory option to the amount of memory the or optional memory board. The amount of memory MS-DOS 640KB. MS-DOS cations and other operating memory You memory to RAM temporary using the VDISK.SYS MS-DOS information VDISK.SYS. to highlight SAVE SETTINGS and then without EXIT AND SAVE to highlight the option EXIT
If memory option board the memory, that of memory-either the option or the built-in memory board. To reduce the amount of memory, the option (of this and the built-in memory board. You instructions the To the amount of memory, follow these On the to the to Memory and This appears the Press and to the to the to change: or the the option, this appears the of the T to option, memory Press to the amounts of memory. You the amount of memory to 256KB, 512KB, or 640KB. the the option, this appears the of the or tl option, memory Press to increase or to the amount of memory. You the amount of memory of 64KB within the from to 15,360KB. memory correct, the to SAVE SETTINGS You this option, memory Press to the memory and to the KB SAVE SETTINGS
of the option the or with The CMOS RAM the amount of memory the that the switch the front or the DIP switch the correctly the type of instructions. To the type, follow these On the Another appears to the If To the type, This displays the Choose the type to the of and that If choose of the type of to which If RGB Color/graph If and graphics options. (If the to DIP switch the which the CMOS RAM.) to the to and
If such as with input, selecting Color/graph If and Color/graph If other of and the with Press and to the the option when to You software that of the The together with the which the to mathematical quickly. this option to the the If the this option to the from the this software from trying to the commands. Follow these On the You this Press to the The from to each the and to the to other to to the option and or SAVE SETTINGS to the to and
the option or or existing and with another type. Follow these On the You this: Press to the to the to To the to or and You this KB MB MB Press to the to the type, and to selection. To to the of without the type, or SC To the of to the the type of installed. Then the to C or D. to increase or to the shown the the correct, the and to the to other SAVE SETTINGS to the to and
the Clock If clock, automatically of the and This of clock backed while the turned off. The MS-DOS TIME and DATE commands, as as software the and the clock, they to the and the clock option to the and permanently. to the clock to seasonal such as daylight years. that though MS-DOS and the clock 24-hour to the To the clock, follow these On the clock and The and appear this: To the the to and You I:: the the shown the using each the the the correct, If the and the to the to
To the the to and You the the shown the using the month and the the the the correct, If the and the both the and correct, to to the to other
This chapter to or installation. You the MS-DOS HDFMTALL. Formatting the this with the to the Then, the Format option the OPERATION MENU. This offers formatting options. would option Conditional (Normal). formatting, to and the operating You as as four If MS-DOS, to MS-DOS FDISK to tion and SELECT to this operating You to serious with the completely reformatting the the Non- to formatting necessary. If this and the option These this chapter. Formatting and Checking option Format from the OPERATION MENU, of formatting and Chapter Formatting HARD DISK FORMAT MENU (Normal) selection
The first options Normally option (Normal). This option that the and them that they used. Option that as and then allows to the of tracks. The other options option to the and the this option writes to the as as reads that To without option with of tracks, without the the Other with the already formatting the this that If the shows that the as already then the (Normal) option to the If the matches the of tracks, they the (to the tracks) formatting the If the the that the the option to those manually. option from the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU, the the of If than then each this (C/D)? Press C or D, and then If the option immediately. Format (Normal) this option to the tracks that they used. To the and then
The to the to as from the of the the the of the the currently the first Format Scanning tracks... the the displays information about the of the with tracks, the this: Scanning finished. Count of Count of with other Count of The then displays about the of ceeding with WARNING! ALL DATA WILL BE DESTROYED IN ALL PARTITIONS OF HARD DISK, NOT JUST IN MS-DOS PARTITION! to formatting (Y/N)? If there with other and that to the and The then once to You this and DOUBLE CHECK THAT YOU HAVE BACKUP DISKETTE COPIES OF ALL YOUR FILES. to and (Y/N)? and If formatting these Format Press ENTER to to the
If with Format started. formatting and of these: Format finished. tracks... head Format completed. Press ENTER to to the and At this to to the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU. If there with other and this Scanning Warning: This or unformatted. Press ENTER to to the Press This that the or that If this it to If to the this the following: If the the (Option and the Track Format below.) the (Option to tracks. which appears this chapter.) the Conditional should
Format this option to when to the of formatting The and formatting the which identified. With the the of formatting To the and then You first the option to the interleave factor from the of three. this the with You this interleave of (Y/N)? To the and To the and You this factor the recommended and The screen allows to the of tracks. The this: Track Head Head Head Head Head highlighted to track with track, C track, track,
of the the or empty. the that track or correction the To track, follow these Press A. You this the of the containing the track, and You this head the head the track, and The and head XXXX and to the of the To this operation, without You this Table unchanged. If or head of the of appears and the to the entry, appears the and another command. If the to the incorrect track, and C to the to the from the the track. Once editing, the the once the correct, F. The displays about the of proceeding with formatting, and the exactly the as this option to and to that
WARNING: If this the that the this reason, think that track causing first option to the This operates of writing, reading, and information every of the that already as tracks. To the and then You these Read/Save/Write/Read/Restore/Read tracks. each checked, the XXXX counts to the the displays the of the including of that write, with track, this appears: finished. Count of Count of with write, Count of write, detected. Press ENTER to to the If the track that the summary would with write, The then this: Head Head Head Head Confirm to the the Track as tracks. to the as (Y/N)? Tracks =:=====IE=:=II::==13E::=IL:=
To the as and You then of the as they You these tracks... head Press ENTER to to the Press to to the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU. The slightly than the the previous section. This option and to the of this that detected. To the and then You these tracks... each track checked, the displayed. The counts to as the checked. the the displays summary of the of the This summary these counts: Tracks with read, tracks. If this read, detected. If found, the displays of the that to the the the reports this Press ENTER to to the the information displayed, then
This chapter Normally, the MS-DOS FORMAT command. and to (which option Format from the OPERATION MENU. This option included with the only; without exiting This 360KB of the type of If to 1.2MB the MS-DOS FORMAT command to high-density Also, to 360KB that 360KB The Format the formatting the the directory and option from the OPERATION MENU, this and Format A: and ENTER when ready then the to and You this Head: You the of each as the the the these Format Format another You another or to the OPERATION MENU. Chapter (Y/N)
If 1.2MB and this warning WARNING! This testing KB Press to to the of the FORMAT command, to the MS-DOS
Performing This chapter to the of the and peripheral of You these option the OPERATION MENU. or optional or whether correctly. You should these from to another, and the internal battery. To with the reference A. Then option from the OPERATION MENU. If this other You these the each with reference Memory and CRT graphics and CRT and Math interface) (RS-232C and the that when testing these Chapter
the the the The of the switch or The of the internal The peripheral that connected to the these items checked, of the testing. This includes the that the The something this: The following DEVICE LIST Memory graphics and CRT and interface) (RS-232C and the DEVICE LIST (Y/N)? If the correctly and then If from this or to the and Once the DEVICE LIST, only those items. If that to another to the and
the DEVICE LIST If from the DEVICE LIST, that to the and to this the DEVICE LIST (Y/N)? followed You DEVICE LIST selection To to the and then The displays of other that currently included the DEVICE LIST. You to this: Additional DEVICE LIST and CRT Math the of the item to
the of the item to and You as as necessary. the DEVICE LIST both and the that currently selected. You the with the switch the front or DIP switch the To from the and The the DEVICE LIST and the the of the item to the of the item to and You as as necessary. the DEVICE LIST correct, and then The displays the DEVICE LIST If the correct, and You ready to Selecting From the DEVICE LIST, the to the of the then the to the You this of to selection You specify that the or of the from to
testing of only; once To the once, and The then displays of the To the and You this (Y/N)? Press and to terminate the or and to the of You this the of to the then The the from If the that and and If to the the You this of the (Y/N)? To without the and and and the correctly. Then and If the ready, the following and correctly. correctly and Y, or to Correct the and and to or and to the the displays this Printout finished. Press ENTER to to the
The of the following It to the DEVICE LIST, or If and terminating the the that caused the The of this chapter the the internal and the optional The displays the of each the of the and these to A. this option to the of each the board, including: The CPU The ROM The clock, CMOS RAM, and The integrated The the CPU and that the CPU instruction including protected-mode operation, functioning correctly. If or of the and and or service. Attempting to board warranty Memory this option to the memory including memory. The the internal to the amount of memory, and reads the CMOS RAM to the amount of memory If incorrect, to the amount CMOS RAM and the the memory
this the writes memory and then reads back. The written and of 64KB. each memory count displays each without the the KB 0K If or of the and and or service. Attempting to memory warranty Memory 640KB, which normally to MS-DOS, the protected of the CPU this option to the operation and the of the The first the this the lights the flash. the operation of the the that the matches the You this KEYBOARD SELECT MENU US ASCII Spanish selection the of then You the and United French
the displays the the the the acter displays the If the character the and the match, there with each The of the and shown the right of the On the optional the of these indicated the of the character the location. You these the KEYBOARD CHECK Press followed ENTER to Press followed ENTER and match. If the function correctly and match the characters displayed, and then If the function, the characters match the and then Then the from the DEVICE LIST, and that selected the You of the international the MS-DOS If incorrect, and of the and or them and or service. and CRT this option to the of and This includes that allow to related to the To this the switch
You the from this MONOCHROME ADAPTER AND CRT CHECK MENU Character selection If of these tests, the and or them Then or service. To the and then The the RAM memory) the writing to memory, then reading back and to the written The the of the Attribute To the of the and then of appear showing of the intensity, high intensity, and the information that appears and then to the the (Y/N)? Press and then the correct. Attribute
If the correct, the and If they incorrect, and Character To character and then The character that included the internal character to this the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters match the and If with the characters the and then to the To the of and This displays and white. First the to the white Then to this You this to the of the the The and located
This service only. If this option, to the To the the and choose this option, the and CRT Although each supply the to from to the Press to to the Graphics and CRT this option to the operation of graphics and This includes that allow to related to the To this the switch You the from this COLOR GRAPHICS ADAPTER AND CRT CHECK MENU selection graphics Attribute Character character graphics 640X200 graphics Light
If of these tests, the and or them Then or service. graphics To the graphics and then The the RAM memory) the writing to memory, and then reading back and to the written The the of the Attribute To the of the graphics and Several appear showing of the and the information and to the the (Y/N)? Press and then the correct. If the correct, the If they incorrect, and to Character To character and The that included the internal character to the following
the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters match the and then If with the characters the and to the character To character and then The character that included the internal character the characters to this the character to the the (Y/N)? If the characters match the and If with the characters the and to the
graphics To graphics and then The displays three brown, and red-against background. These four If they correct, and then The displays this the white, and and the background red. These If these correct, and then to the If incorrectly, first the of tor, and that both of the firmly. If and to the graphics To graphics and The displays three background, as shown below. If the clear and and then If clear, first the of and then that both of the firmly. If and to the
Screen To the of and The RAM the graphics This the first with to the and then each turn. You this Once this to the The to sequentially. the appears, the If correct, and If with incorrect and to the Light To the function of light connected to the graphics and then This that light connected to the graphics accurately. this these the (Y/N)? to light to to the
If light attached, and To the and You this PLACE LIGHT PEN ON CENTER OF WHITE BLOCK Touch the of the white the with the light the light correctly positioned, the to another of the three tests, the The light connected properly The light malfunctioning You the within seconds. This displays each and indicating the The the following the specified below: Black White To this and Press to each On the this the (Y/N)? If the correct, and to the If incorrect, first the of and then that both of the firmly. If and to the This service only. If this option, to the Light Light Light Light Light White (high intensity)
To the the and choose this option, the and CRT Although each supply the to from to the and this option to the performance of the This includes that allow to related to these tests, to the that write the the To 1.2MB 1.2MB or 360KB to the of the only 1.2MB 360KB only 360KB The Format option the OPERATION MENU 360KB of the type of Therefore, to 1.2MB the MS-DOS FORMAT to high-density Also, to 360KB that 360KB You the from this FLOPPY DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU selection
the the of If than this each which (A/B)? Press or and then If the and and the serviced This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head from the to the track. The track 360KB and 1.2MB option from the to this The displays the of each track it with 360KB the first track The counts (from or to The each head, the count If the This to the that the operation each instead of Select option from the to this This the of the selected to and write from The writes to and reads from each the the This the the selected Select option from the to this
If to the and the You these this If A, to this to to the the A, then and The displays the as each tested. with 1.2MB the first This the of the specified Select option from the to this You to this: The should than and than The the seconds then displays this: The The to and the the seconds. To the the to the If to without or this and or properly. Press ENTER to to the This the of to that or only 1.2MB or 720KB
Select option from the to this the the selected type; the 360KB these 360KB DISK CHANGE allowed with this type of Press ENTER to to the the of the selected. the 1.2MB or 720KB the from Release the and the You the the and the lock. If then the reappears. the malfunctioning, or or the within To the the and then choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the Math this option to the of the math To the math option from the DEVICE LIST. tests, the the CMOS RAM to that If the or the CMOS RAM with the option, and the If the the then of the with which the and (3Y2) this
Interface) this option to the of the To the loop-back the that the of the loop-back that to the option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-back Then and to the The the writing and reading and information, and reports that that instead of loop-back this option to the of To the the loop-back the the that the of the This to the Check. to the of the Interface) (RS-232C) this option to the functions of the cations (RS-232C) To the loop-back the RS-232C that the of the loop-back that to the
option from the DEVICE LIST, these loop-back to to this when attached, or to to the the loop-back Then and to the the the to that they to from high to and this of the The back which the to the this these RS232C back rates tested turn, and the informs of the of the If the become ready correctly, timeout If match the and the reports the transmitted and the of the The back which the to At the of the these RS232C back with Once match the and the reports the and the of the NONE
this option to the of tions (RS-232C) To the loop-back the that the of the This to the the to the of the (RS-232C) this option to The operation of The of with the character The of to graphics and of the graphics option from the DEVICE LIST, this (Y/N)? that to the and that turned with and Press and then to or and to to the the the that the responding correctly. This whether the off-line or whether interface If the repeating of ASCII characters and to the The this: The text includes the characters commonly that or graphic characters. If characters than the to
with software. The to the command (ESCK) with and IBM If this correctly, the MS-DOS GRAPHICS to of graphics the characters its To the off-line. and this option to the performance of the If and service the option from the DEVICE LIST, this HARD DISK DRIVE(S) AND CONTROLLER CHECK MENU Head and correction Read, selection from this the the of If than then each this which (C/D)? Press C or and then
This the of the read/write heads to of the This action read/write head this each head each of the from the Select option from the to this The displays the of each with the first The counts to The the read/write heads the once. If the reappears. This the of the to and write The writes to and reads from each sector of the of the each head. This the of the selected This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the You count the If the to the If of the and Then the (option the HARD DISK FORMAT MENU) to the of the
If this shows other with the follow these the the option Format the OPERATION MENU. the MS-DOS with FDISK and with SELECT. MS-DOS Head This whether each head of the selected correctly. If both heads without the to the option from the to this and correction This the of the to read/write and to the accordingly. This the of the selected This and MS-DOS. Therefore, created MS-DOS Select option from the to this You these The the highest physical this to this to to the Press and then to with the If the reappears. the malfunctioning. this back and the serviced immediately. (The
Read, This reads and from of the each and both heads. Select option from the to this The displays the of each with the first The counts to At the of the of the of the with tracks, READ ERROR TRACKS Press when the To the the and then choose this option, the and Although each supply the to from to the The first Press and then to with the BAD TRACKS GOOD TRACKS Press ENTER to to the The the highest physical this to this to to the
This chapter the when to the option to to the This the read/write heads of each from the and them securely If the heads and the shock or the heads the which the At the least, amount of To the heads, option from the OPERATION MENU. You of information that the heads the or the off and Next the the heads and the You the off and it to the location. You the heads the MS-DOS HDSIT command. Chapter the
This the and that appear Key3~,a~ KEYBOARDERROR KEYBOARD IS NON-STANDARD, OR KEYBOARD IS DEFECTIVE KEYBOARD LOCKING ERROR and CRT VIDEO SIGNAL ERROR ATTRIBUTE ERROR CHARACTER SET ERROR graphics and CRT ATTRIBUTE ERROR CHARACTER SET ERROR 40-COLUMN CHARACTER SET ERROR COLOR GRAPHICS ERROR GRAPHICS MODE ERROR SCREEN PAGING ERROR LIGHT PEN ERROR COLOR VIDEO ERROR A-1 and Table A-1. and CPU ERROR ROM CHECKSUM ERROR TIMER COUNTER REGISTER ERROR TIMER COUNTER ERROR DMA CONTROLLER REGISTER ERROR DMA REFRESH ERROR DMA PAGE REGISTER ERROR TIMEOUT ERROR SELF DIAGNOSTIC ERROR WRITE COMMAND ERROR INTERRUPT CONTROLLER ERROR CMOS SHUTDOWN BYTE ERROR CMOS BATTERY ERROR CMOS CHECKSUM ERROR INSTRUCTION ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR PROTECT MODE ERROR MEMORY/PARITY ERROR ERROR V-RAM ERROR V-RAM ERROR
and FLOPPY DISK CONTROLLER ERROR SEQUENTIAL SEEK ERROR RANDOM SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK REMOVE ERROR DISK CHANGE CHECK INSERT ERROR Math NOT INSTALLED COPROCESSOR INITIALIZE ERROR COPROCESSOR INVALID OPERATION MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ST FIELD ERROR COPROCESSOR COMPARISON ERROR COPROCESSOR ZERO DIVIDE MASK ERROR COPROCESSOR ADDITION ERROR COPROCESSOR SUBTRACTION ERROR COPROCESSOR MULTIPLICATION ERROR COPROCESSOR PRECISION ERROR ERROR PIN (RS-232C) TIMEOUT ERROR VERIFY ERROR ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH TlMEOUT= ERROR VERIFY ERROR and SEEK ERROR WRITE ERROR READ ERROR HEAD ERROR ERROR DETECTION ERROR ERROR CORRECTION ERROR ERROR PIN A-2 Table and ALWAYS LOW ALWAYS HIGH
This the to to this and the with to the the type of You this type when the type EL Z? B-1 of Heads Table B-1.
B-2
The built-in memory (ROM) of of These the every the The the internal such as ROM, RAM, and the the this If found, and If the serious, the further and The the the inoperable. If the serious, the displays and to further You this F1 the and and then F1 to the and to when repairs. the the the This about this only the light the the the The first its internal such as the ROM. If malfunction found, the with further information. If this as as If the found, from to and This the following C-1 C
where from to that the LSI which the found. service this information to and the If I/O or this ROM where the of the of the I/O ROM. Clock and CMOS RAM the completed successfully, the the and CMOS RAM. If the information the RAM match the of these options options The information the CMOS RAM corrected. the the to the tion information. If the clock this displays: If the memory this 164-Memory RAM The to the RAM both the board and option cards. this this displays: KB 0K where the amount of memory which malfunction found. This increases continuously 64KB to the amount of RAM the board. If the the C-2 SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) SETUP DIAGNOSTICS) SETUP DIAGNOSTICS)
first 64KB displays and the with further information. If there RAM of these 202-Memory 203-Memory If I/O or of these Parity Parity The displays the of the causing the and The the and such as of of the to release. If there the the and the this displays: this the the that the of the If another found, of these or or Card The the or that the and appear found the the and the The 401-CRT 501-CRT C-3
Optional RAM If memory RAM) the then that RAM malfunction. The its searching the read/write heads malfunction. If found, this If this that the A. If this appears the the repaired. and The the and If malfunction found the this and If found the of these displays: where or and the of the C and C-4
to the II+ the Cord Connecting Connecting the Connecting the Choosing Location Connecting the Turning On
EPSON