Scanning, and
the The To as shown below. To the Unlock To the the Unlock to the Dont to the Touch The easy to the creative features of Press the with the of too or the light
The displays the that the Press or to or options. Press to to the Press to The the from the used. If to Clear to clear the To the of inactivity. Touch the screen to The light the of the flashes when the or If the light flashes the You the following the The to wired The connected to wireless ADF the The photo The Red-Eye the or whether Correct or off the Touch
Charging USB Devices You charge MP3 or other to the user-supplied USB thats to with with with USB Devices that than the of the of information. Turn to the USB the front of while charging to charge You the USB to from to If to the memory instead the Information instructions). the
Loading trays. The A4, or 10-inch You to of or A4 the the to sheets. The photo or 7-inch photo You to sheets. the Then back the and the and them Then with the or face-down. or face-down, with the top the back of the To the and the to Loading
the the the front to the Loading the fits the
To the the and them Then with the or face-down. the the Then the front to the fits the the as Loading
the output and the and instructions and the Information offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Loading inches S042181 S042174 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches) S042182 S042175 inches) S041405 Sheet count
inches S041809 S042038 Double-sided inches) S041062 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality Iron-on Cool inches S041808 S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S042183 S041667 inches S041982 inches) S041331 inches) S041141 S041649 S041271 inches) S041341 inches S041467 S041257 S042180 inches) S041568 inches) S041067 A4 inches) S041106 inches) S041153 count
Scanning, or or or the below) or the the You or or to (or A4) the to or and white the cover and face-down the with the top the back corner. If or 6-inch to the them least inch If the of or off, the or photo inch from the of the the cover the original(s). Scanning, or inch inch
the You to (or A4) sheets or the the and then the outward. the then them to the the originals top first. The ADF appears the the the too tightly. the
Copying or Once originals the or the and or black-and-white Copying Bright White or Press the necessary, and Copy You this Press or to the of the to the then the and OK or B&W and white) the the or necessary. To and and Copy The should With and the should To both of the 2-Sided To the Reduce/Enlarge then choose (to Custom (to (to the to or of the the (If type of the Copying or
the choose Text or Text or graphics. To the Quality then choose Quality or To clear previously Clear information about Information selecting OK Press to copying. To copying, Restoring, or Copying You or 6-inch, 7-inch, 10-inch, or photo You with or without to and white, and or the them least inch 6-inch or 7-inch the photo or 10-inch or photo the face-down. Press the necessary, and Copy You this Press then Copy/Restore To Restoration to as On If Restoring, or Copying
this OK to to the of OK To than or to the to To the and the to Display/Crop To the or To the the arrow buttons. To the OK OK If the or to the the of and Press OK to To of the the and and Copy To clear Clear To the and choose the of loaded. options the choose.) Copying or
To the type, and choose the the loaded: this type Choose this To the then choose On to the the to the of the or to around the To the amount of when and choose or then OK necessary. white the If to black-and-white of photo, and choose B&W selecting OK ready to To copying, with options to dusty, or with and sharpness. the Information Restoring, or Copying
or or selecting from the to information and including the FAX only), the Information Connecting to the phone from the to the LINE the back of the If connecting the to DSL DSL the or to the or as below. DSL the necessary To telephone or of the to the telephone or and the other to the EXT. the back of the or
the other and the or the the the If the other the as or the or to the EXT. to the to incoming properly. Its to the to to the of which the the and Communication and then to You should header that their origin. If the of the and retained. the Information instructions the and Press the necessary, and Press or and Press or and Select You the the to the header information You to characters or and other information. Press OK to to the
Select from the the to to below). You to dashes. the to type the international Press OK to to the the to and Characters To the To repeatedly to switch lowercase, or numbers. Press Symb. to these characters: To the or or character: Function or the or right. or character (backspace).
You as below. To or to the FAX only), the Information original(s) Press the necessary, and Press then the to the to Then OK To the used, Select or B&W If the and white, and white Press OK to summary of Press to and (To If with the and If the this the first scanned. If to the Press then OK to If to another If the and the To immediately,
and the that matches the of the and and Scan If the incoming than the loaded, the reduced to or the Reduction select. If of the and the to To automatically, light to the the The light when To the the To the of which the the and to Manually to turn off this To manually, the (and the light). Then follow these telephone the off the You this Select and the button. the received, this the phone the or
From Memory Card The from memory or from such as USB You directly from PictBridge the Information instructions. Memory Card the the as shown. SD TM SDHC TM TM Memory TM Memory TM Memory TM (M2)* Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM Memory PRO-HG TM TM TM TM TM Memory Memory TM Card TM Card H, M, and M+ CompactFlash TM From Memory Card
the these JPEG with the to of to (If there than the of to the the memory light flashes, then the or turn off the while the light flashing, or the to and Card follow these to the the memory light flashing. If the connected to with USB of the following the memory or turning off the Click the or the and USB Macintosh: the from the the straight of its From Memory Card Memory light
USB You from connected to the such as USB or CD the of You to from the they to the using other than the memory from the USB or the USB the USB the front of (such as CD) necessary. If there the and OK the section to and USB its light flashing. Card You the USB to from to If to the memory instead the Information instructions). USB
Selecting and photo Press the necessary, and Select and and OK Press or to through and to If Correct: appears the the Correct to with To than or to the of of that To the photo, the Display/Crop and instructions. to the Press or to other the of and selecting OK You the Press and Choose the of loaded. options the choose. To clear previously Clear From Memory Card
Select then choose the the type of loaded: this type Choose this Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool selecting OK If and to reduction or other features. selecting OK the turned This brightness, and to sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subjects (without If includes with such as to off this to the effects. ready to To To switch the from photo to the Display/Crop when the Information to learn about other when from memory Selecting and
You to and and with Coloring or or Bright White or Press the necessary. Press or and Coloring of the following: Select or the and photo or face-down the the back corner. Press OK Select Memory Card memory and OK Press or to the to then OK Select the and type:
If necessary, and to the or Detection (to the amount of the Press OK To clear previously Clear ready to To and Graph You the or whenever or Press the necessary. Press or and You this Press or and Thin or Select option that matches to OK To than or to the to ready to To and Graph
You or with the background. or memory or USB Press the necessary, then or and Press or and of the (with or without the the Press OK You of stationery with the background. Press or to through and the to stationery. To the Press OK to OK To than or to the to ready to To
From This section the or or instructions two-sided instructions and to learn about CD the Information software and connected the to or as the sheet or Network Its to to software. instructions. You photo cards, and the ArcSoft Creations software included with To started, the Creations or Applications or the and You this From Select EPSON Click to software
Select then the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the On the the basic choose the the using the type of (choose or Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced Information To the and sharpness of To reduce or red-eye Red-Eye If to reduce or or the and as necessary. the Advanced information about or Information Click OK to From Click Select or
Click OK or to This appears and shows the of With the section below OS operating OS or the and Select as the Click to the necessary. Select EPSON Click to With
Select the choose with option. If the isnt shown the the of this (If from Preview, the shown below.) Choose from the then the following Choose other options from the the Information To reduce or choose from the and Red-Eye From Select Copy and Application Select Select or Grayscale Select higher or
Click To the the Select then option to or necessary. or Select the OS and or Select from the Select the following choose option the Click OK to the Select Select Select or With
Select from the You this Choose from the and the following as necessary: to Advanced information about the Click the Advanced to information advanced Choose other options from the the Information Click From Select type Select or Grayscale higher or Select
To the the (or the and the or Select the Selecting the Correct Select the or or software. This the what of the coverage accordingly. this Select this Bright White Quality Self-adhesive Iron-on Cool Double-sided Envelope Paper/Bright White Selecting the Correct
Two-sided The both of the automatically. You the with or or Bright White Follow the instructions the below Click the the software. Select as the If and that smears or through the to reduce the and increase the From Select
OS Follow the instructions OS or OS and the below Select from the Click Select If indicating that the EPSON Utility3 the Applications OK the and Option Information and OK Then and the If and that smears or through the to reduce the and increase the Two-sided
Scanning or You the included Scan software to and and them as Scanning below. You from and the to memory or to or USB-connected Then editable/searchable the included NewSoft OCR software. information these topics, the Information Scanning You from Scan. Scan directly from and to instructions, the Information the cover and the the back corner, as shown the cover the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications If from Then the choose or and necessary). Scanning or
Scan Office the first You the using the the right corner. Office text and the and graphics and Professional of You to with the Click Scan and the location, and (such as PDF) Click OK The and its or Click to the Scanning
Scanning You and PDF or another With the to the of the following to Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications Select Office the right. Select the or ADF as the Source Select the of the originals and their the Select the based the or the to or to text (OCR): Click the to and the first the back top of the other and them the If (or around the to the the necessary. Click Scan and the location, and (such as PDF) Then OK The and its icon(s) or the select, Scan containing of the or each of information, the Information Scanning or Select Office
All-in-One Follow the to and the head, and To the head, necessary, the Information Checking the Head If or them, the head clogged. Follow these to the head or the Press the necessary, and Select then Press the that to there the cleaning If there the head clean. Select If there or the Head Cleaning Then to the head. All-in-One
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning clean necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first or the Press the necessary, and Select then Head Cleaning Press Cleaning about finished, the off the cleaning or Select Then to and that the head clean. Select when If cleaning the head four turned and least hours to Then If to least once month to All-in-One
Checking the Cartridge know when or its or You or when the other and or copying. To from the anytime, follow these Press the necessary, and Select You this: with to the necessary. Press OK to appear when to when This optionally offers and other from To offers or from the instructions Information Checking the Cartridge
Purchasing Cartridges You purchase and SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase and High-capacity Standard-capacity High-capacity Black Light Light that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the all-in-one with and of the from the first the within months of the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. All-in-One
Cartridges You immediately the ones. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the cartridge(s) obtained or the the head If or and Turn the If or expended, the which to and OK (You If expended, follow the below. the the closed when the the the and straight of the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with of the reach of Cartridges
the from the the the the from the of the other or or the the and it clicks the If warning that the the and the securely. All-in-One
the the to the of Press the necessary, and Press or to the topics. You the basic troubleshooting or the Information Checking Software Updates Periodically, to free to software. Information and Download the Software or (U.S.) or With the the You or or EPSON and
and the below You often the the If the the to the from and Copying the whiter, or Dont the the type of matches the and type the when copying when or when with software scanned, or the If cropped, the the back of the If the cropped, from the slightly. If feed correctly the the corners of the or than or If the ADF cover and to the to the without the ADF cover first. the ADF and
If when the following: the and as shown, including torn To the back the to the cover the Then the as shown, including torn the cover and the You to other locations such as the the and the the Information information. and
the and the LINE the connected to telephone that the telephone phone to If the the and Select then Communication Turn off the V.34 and ECM Correction If the connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone DSL the If when phone or to the EXT. If connected, the of to to than the of the Quality the quality, and If light or or they too to the head cleaning. If to the head. the Information instructions. The and If copying, the the Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended), or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the
Where to Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product the back of the and the of purchase (such as and of purchase and of the Then U.S.: AM PM through AM PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Other Software Technical ArcSoft Creations www.arcsoft.com/support NewSoft Phone: www.newsoftinc.com Where to
Notices Instructions and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily If using the the from the off the using the On and the On light flashing the or off to the the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the the that its It properly or or the its or otherwise from the the locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the least inches from the the near or heating or sunlight. or cover the or through the Notices
products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the the section while the the white the the those that covered the operating instructions. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other This with Health and following. LCD only cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. hand the or immediately Leaving the head and the from Notices
If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the Telephone Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the telephone There of shock from telephone to the of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. America, Inc., Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and the warranty as measured from the of purchase. The warranty years, purchase with within of purchase, and otherwise. of California or to the warranty rights. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If Notices
authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. warranties include both and Notices
allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C381A Notices
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the ACTA. On the back that other information, the FCC and the (REN) this You this information to telephone The information associated with the services the to REN: 0.1B type: RJ-11C The REN to the of that to telephone and of those when telephone called. areas, the of the of connected to should To of the of that to to to the REN products July the REN this of the that the US: BKMFA01BC381A The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the This service the telephone to to Should this to the telephone the service temporarily. If they that temporary of service advanced isnt the telephone as as You of right to with the FCC. The telephone its operations or that the functioning of If they to opportunity to telephone service. This to repaired. If with this please America, Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: The telephone that this from the the corrected or that the malfunctioning. Notices
and to this to the and telephone comply with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. telephone and with this It to to that instructions The Telephone Consumer Protection of it to or other including to such clearly the top or of each or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or to this information follow the instructions According to the FCCs advisory, that AC the AC to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this C381A If about what or This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the (IES) interface interface tous This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted each to and of the copyright when using While countries copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright and service of Corporation. and service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Notices Copyright Notice
CPD-27515 Printed XXXXXX