that the and correctly, the and the to to the user or to The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the others and the of to property. indications Notations Used This This information that, possibly death or to incorrect Warning This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect information indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
who the Protect to and users Enhanced security Common to restricts the You this to people without and The recommended shortest with the WXGA *The this with and with the XGA, to the Therefore, approximately Short easily the to to with its B5 (D) (W) (H)) and lightweight *EB-1735W/1725/1723:Approx. EB-1730W/1720:Approx. Compact and lightweight The A/V easy to and You and A/V which easily and closing the clear Ease of turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool foot to You easily height with hand. With that LCD the the aspect, whiteboards and other Projection WXGA (EB-1735W/1730W only) used.
without from the USB using USB to You (USB "EPSON Software to You effective of using the and and EB-1735W/1725/1723 and USB such as or Without computers, JPEG Operation without wireless LAN and as connecting the to already constructed the optional wired LAN the that to From and You and from the to the or another You the follows. This allows to and as You from to four from and third With EMP NS the and connected the USB to The the following three with function the the to and the "Network with "Network the
the closing when using the to the and the sound (A/V C A/V Function and Functions the foot to and the front foot. Foot and the of the such as when the from the foot to and this to with operation and the through this to the of the If collects the internal of the service life. Clean the regularly. the and this cover wireless to the wireless LAN the the LAN (EB-1735W/1725/ only) cover that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while Function Light ON: USB connected Light ON: PC operation Indicates USB OFF: USB connected Light ON: (EB-1735W/1725/ USB only) the to and the A/V A/V
and Functions Rear Function this cover when the cover to the input from Function Security the Security You about the The with the Security from the Remote from C input Screw to the Screw the
and Functions and USBs, and the memory and with the PC of Function USB A) (EB-1735W/1725/ only) USB and the the this to with to the wireless function. USB B) the to (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) from the (EB-1735W/ with the PC function of the of connected the to only) from other from and input input
and Functions Screw to the wireless LAN cover. Function the wireless LAN C Screw the optional mount when the from Function fixing mount to the to and Rear foot
and Functions If of or selection and to the it the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the Function If when or displayed, these the PC function however, these the Corrects the following the items and through and buttons shows to with they and the which The of the and whether they flashing or the of the Function displayed, to the previous If when the function. functions which items and displayed, these buttons the or the If while and buttons the or off. connected to the and to the input that C [Source Search] button and the button
and Functions the or off. Function Remote when specifying or ID. buttons to from the input the and or off. [A/V to from the input C [Computer] The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] If of the tracking, synchronization, and to the or or from as to the next/previous when using the wireless function, or input (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) the without the of that the and the
and Functions the items. the the assigned item Press to assign item from selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch Function or displayed, selects items and Function "Brightness assigned as the to from the input Press to the ID. [ID] or selection and to the displayed, and the the function. If when displayed, to the Acts as when the wireless function. connected to the and to the input that [Search] to the (EB-1735W/ only) [EasyMP] using EB-1730W/1720, this function the pressed. Acts as right when using the wireless function. Press to the Decreases the Increases the buttons light-emitting Remote shows to with they and the which Each the pressed, the when
This chapter useful functions and and the security Functions the ID................................................... the ID the Remote Restrictions the when the Projected the (Source Search)................15 Directly from the Remote Incoming and Summary of Correction Procedure Correction Correcting Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Functions Projection................. (Selecting the Iris..........................................................18 (A/V the the Aspect Ratio...............................................20 the aspect EB-1725/1723/1720).........................................................21 EB-1735W/1730W)...........................................................22 Function of the the Remote to the the and Sound Temporarily the aspect the aspect Selecting the Projection Quality
connected, playback this operation. Procedure connected and the input from the You the buttons to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly projected. the the the Automatically Incoming and the (Source Search) The following showing the of currently displaying or when operation about seconds, the connected to projecting. If found. You the input where the when the that the or of connected, the [Source Search] the input when the [Source You the as input with Search] The input where input EB-1735W/1725/1723 to EasyMP.
the Projected You directly to the the following buttons the Directly from the Remote this function (EB-1735W/1725/ to the using EB-1730W/ the only) pressed. Remote to from the input to from the input to from the input
Select "Customized" to "R,G,B,C,M,Y" from the Application Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The of the the selected. Selecting the Quality (Selecting Remote Procedure from the to bright This the brightest turning If about and tones Application the the the and the If the while the the to the such as bright The and brought input) using bright using white bright Text tone. Theatre The using the from the TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports that to the this tint, when Blackboard
Functions Enhancing or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the to the of the displayed and the Iris Press the and Iris" from the the the the Procedure Remote Procedure The each Select "On". the A/V or off. C Press the to the Iris only when the Theatre or Customized.
Functions Enhancing from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the screen the to function activated the You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V using the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. Remote Procedure A/V To the You that the off about the A/V closed and of the Each the or off. to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to playback the while used. cleared.
Functions Projection the aspect EB-1725/1723/1720 that recorded or the aspect ratio when connected that the aspect ration when The and the of aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio EB-1735W/1730W Procedure Normal Through Remote the the aspect displayed the and the aspect If the while the aspect the to the aspect from the The aspect ratio "Aspect" the
Functions Enhancing Projection Projection input from input the aspect as follows. the aspect EB-1725/1723/1720) input to the aspect of aspect of to the This when to to the the aspect of the input input input from the Normal Normal input when aspect. This of the or everything, or "Normal" from the the of the
Functions Enhancing Projection input from input the aspect as follows. EB-1735W/1730W offer WXGA (aspect ratio the aspect to the aspect EB-1735W/1730W) Projection input to the the aspect of the input input input from the Normal input to the aspect of input input aspect as that the the input the
Functions Projection input Projection input the of the input If the the to the of the This of the clear Through of the or everything, or "Normal" from the the of the
Functions Projection the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Function the to and left/right. with the You choose from three of from the the Procedure the the appears or
Functions Enhancing the to the of the that to Remote This when to to them such as and of the Procedure the to and left/right. with the
Functions Remote C Each the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the button. holding the Press the to The ratio appears the The selected to to the function currently If selected when to the temporarily Press the
Functions Enhancing Projection to It to the function of both the and the further the function to used. the operating the USB of and the USB the "USB the to of the with USB If the "Wireless the wireless to the the Remote to the XP Professional/Vista Edition/ with the EB-1735W/1725/1723. Macintosh:OS8.6-9.2/10.0-10.5 To USB B) USB To USB
Functions Projection the operation of the buttons The wireless function while the If the to the While displayed While the function While function While While following used. While sound reversed. Once the the operated as follows. clicks the Right Double-click: Press with to and left/right. the the the or This slideshow. and To previous To Release the to While holding the the location. the with to and left/right. the the
ID the and the the to the with matching ID. This You ID the within of to While the ID "OFF" the the of the ID The ID the of the ID the You ID the within of to While the ID when to each switch off the Restrictions the when On Remote On Remote Remote On ID: of to Remote ID: ID: Remote ID: Remote ID: ID: Remote ID: ID: the ID the the ID The ID mismatched the and The ID matched the and
Restrictions the when the ID the each switch the the ID the Remote the ID Procedure the the ID and On/Off shown the top right the the of the the [ID] of the Procedure the the and ID" from the the the the to match the ID of the While holding the [ID] to to operations the reads Choose the ID to and the Once this the that operated the C Press the to the
the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correcting Correction and that the of from each the brightness and tone of each with the and tone match completely correction. match closely. You correcting from Each selected, the of the selected Select the to corrected or correcting to or to displayed. Press the and from the the Procedure and to and the ID the To to ID the the following to the ID and the ID Summary of Correction Procedure the correction and corrections the the and the and C Correct the brightness with "Brightness Correct.". to the brightest from to the from the the displayed to to the brightness from to and each of these the following You the to them match closely You from to white You correction when from You the brightness to them Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". Correct the Correcting Correcting
Correcting the and the and the correction and corrections the the the Correcting Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". corrections finished, the to the to corrections finished.
"Network Protect" to "On" Network Protect (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) the prohibited. The with of anti-theft security You people the the The the following security You who the without Anti-Theft Security Functions the The displayed. about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure Protect) the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that displayed when the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, displayed. the the the as further the the theft whenever the it disconnected from If the to the the of the Protect" to "On", the following the prohibited. the supply connected to the the Background", and "A/V On Protect" "On", the from the
Security Functions Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the If the incorrectly, The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect". Press the button. Turn "Network Protect". (EB-1735W/1725/1723 Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the button. only) and then the The displayed as the fourth the If the shown using the buttons. The The the displayed, the this to own While holding the four Select and then the displayed. the
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the buttons the the locked. off. Restricting Operation the displayed, the the the the This or shows when to and or when to operation. The operated the While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure the from the the and Procedure outlet and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the the the If to the operation and input the The locked. as and the thirty the following
Security Functions Select or The buttons to the C when the displayed. chose. about seconds, and Press and the the From the from the You release the of the following the released.
This chapter to the and its Info Only)................................................ the of Network (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only)..................47 Notes operating the network Soft operations................................................................48 Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN Others
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following screen shots. each of Functions image/EasyMP (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the from the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. You choosing of the following(This item selected selected as the R, G, B, C, M, You the and of each (red), C individually. (This item displayed "Customized" selected as the from the (This item "Customized" selected as the from the Red, You the of each individually. from the when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness (This item "Theatre" or "Customized" selected as the from the To optimally to match the to On; otherwise to Iris
of Functions You the to their To items to their Function
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such as when of the to the connected or to "Normal" or You whether or the to the when the input Function You the and right when of the that of the IP each the This with amount of On to to (With input this.) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You input from input You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected You the aspect ratio Aspect
of Functions You the to their To items to their Function
of Functions EB-1730W/1720 EB-1735W/1725/1723 Turn "On" to when selected from the "Projection" You the Function You this to operation of the You the of the Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness the input EasyMP, input to input You the each (EB-1735W/1725/ only) to or the light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the
of Functions item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items You the item assigned from the with the the the assigned Brightness Info, or to the Function the displayed that the without other While the To the the the or the displayed, and correction You the to their To items to their
of Functions EB-1730W/1720 EB-1735W/1725/1723 You whether or to the when the input the when You whether or (On/Off) the (the when the displayed. Background*: You the when to or A/V You the A/V as or the when input, and You related to the Function Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" You the that displayed as background and displayed A/V You from the following to the the
of Functions Cover to "On", this off the the closed. to to "On", the the off within of to to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when to "On", this when input and operations High to "On" when the of back the to automatically. Direct On: You whether or (On/Off) to Direct On. "On" the of purchase. Function You SNMP to and the of the the or using the "EMP software with You and while the when this to On". this (EB-1735W/1725/ only) You from to white to and each of these "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y): You the the of each Brightness Correct.: Corrects the the of each Correct." and Correct". You the and brightness of each when and to "USB when the and connected USB and to 21L" when the to operated the "USB B" to 21L". to "On", the 21L software. 21L the ID within of to that ID ID (EB-1735W/1725/ USB only) Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to You and from the to their To items to their You the displays. "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) the of connected to the the and the This function You easily text using to such as LAN", "Security", "Wired LAN", "Others", and The following items. Function Network
of Functions this the following software displayed. The items that input of Soft operations to the "Complete and of or or to Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes operating the the to input. Press the to the to the to the and then the to the holding the the and the buttons. the and input. the or the the section this selected, and the the and this selected, and to the network without the the and the the
of Functions to when and the to characters. that allows to and the the to when the software. the to the when connected to to characters. Function You to characters. to "On", to the when to the to Normally this should to "ON". "Connecting to Network and Projecting" from from the
of Functions Wireless LAN Function WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security WPS EMP NS to the the to the to when wireless to "Advanced when to to the wireless LAN strength. the wireless LAN Wireless LAN You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether or to DHCP. DHCP You input from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway
of Functions To the SSID from the this to SSID Function the MAC MAC To the IP from the this to IP
of Functions Security EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which "TKIP TKIP PSK (Pre-Shared to the which to This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA this WPA includes authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating the wireless LAN and strongly recommended that security. Select of the This the encrypted the and the match. and without This the without user authentication, LEAP which ID and and EAP-TTLS. to WEP which encrypted with (WEP following security of security WPA/WPA2 WEP EAP security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function
of Functions CA EAP-TLS Authentication and CA to the of and CA If EAP, to the that match the authentication with follow the from the of to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS ID, EAP-TTLS ID, ID, PEAP/EAP-GTC ID, LEAP ID,
of Functions WEP selected ASCII: The of the encrypted WEP with text the with the the which the and then to "ASCII". You the input the WEP encrypted HEX: Format Function You the WEP encoding. WEP If the of characters than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters You the WEP the characters following instructions from the the which the The type of character and the that to the "WEP than the character length, characters that the encrypted. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "HEX": to and to F, characters "HEX": to and to F, characters Encryption" and "Format" Selects the WEP ID ID Encrypted Encrypted Encrypted Encrypted
of Functions WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You Pre-Shared (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. Shared and the pressed, the and as Function Function EAP-TLS selected PSK (Encryption You authentication characters. You to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and displayed as EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. EasyMP Function Information the displayed. You to/Issued by/
of Functions Wired LAN You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP Function If this to "On" You whether or (On/Off) to DHCP. DHCP You input from to each of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the To the IP from displayed the this to IP the MAC MAC
of Functions this or the information the of the "Reading Function (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only)" You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function You whether or (On/Off) to function You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the to the specified "Destination notifying that or occurred. You items from the items. You the or to about the selected or warning the You input the the SMTP The You input to Notification
of Functions Others the connected to this to "On" to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should to (where from to You to the SNMP You input from to each field of the the following IP used. Function SNMP IP SNMP IP AMX Discovery
of Functions of the Function the the appears. To of the
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) EasyMP(EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) You the input the currently projected. Source reaches the the characters displayed You the operating hours Function You the of the to the "Source". You the of the This information about that occurred the This information service required. This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and
of Functions The following items to their items You items to their and You clear the hours and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................64 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the displays to the You the the the the Press the The displayed. Procedure and displayed as shown the Press the to below. If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the flashing. the this Projection Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service and or the the and Service If the the the the from the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or using of or "High to "On". High (overheating) If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). If the Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the the and cracked. the following Clean the of or "High to "On".
Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Iris or to the Flashing Warning or flashing o (This abnormality. However, the too high automatically.) that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or High Warning or with If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as If the indicated this the the from the and or the the and Service If the operating properly, though the showing to the
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The to the and sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. displayed relating to appear the (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. The "Not supported." displayed. Interference or appear The displayed. or of The whole appears purplish or white, appearing the match, this performance, that the the and the and LCD appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? of the the correct? Press the to the the the A/V the A/V closed? the to the the connected the correct? input such as completely the completely when from when the to only. or with built-in LCD when projecting from the to the LCD and the Projection [Press the to the If to the to "Operation" to "On"?
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed. to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed. or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the output externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended within the recommended the the
to appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the If the from to or the off and the to the the to the the the correct? when from Interference or appear Press the the or the the to using and from the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Displays" the selected? the and "Tracking correctly? when when the to the the connected projected? Press the the to the The truncated or or the aspect Only when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the from the correctly?
If activated the of the only about of the the To the the off the the when from connected to the input the following to the the connected the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? the input match the from the connected when right the from the the correctly? from connected to or input the Saturation" and "Tint" from the Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? that the securely connected. the correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Brightness" the correctly? the "Contrast" from the "Contrast" the correctly? the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Brightness" "Brightness the brightness and correctly? the from the the correctly? when from appear the nearly the become and the becomes this the with the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the the the from the The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the that the cover securely the switched off? Press the to the the the turn and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to the from the "Remote receiver" the the selected?
sound heard or the sound Other using EB-1735W/1725/1723, the to from the internal the to the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the the from the input and then the the connected correctly? the to (EB- 1735W/1725/1723 only) the location where strong light the receiver. the to from "Remote the "Remote receiver" The operating the about the too from the the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? sunlight or light from the receiver? The the the of the to and the [ID] the If the switch the off and then the ID and the ID matched? the correctly or the with necessary. the from the "Remote receiver" the the selected? to the and the or the correctly? the from the the
To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? the (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) If the or the the and the to Service function of to the the "Network correctly. that or functioning correctly. to the abnormality and the to function correctly the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to Appendices (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) the using the PIN with LAN Access WPS Protected Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and EB-1725/1723/1720................... Projection EB-1735W/1730W.................... (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) Connecting USB Devices.................................................. USB Devices.................................................... Connecting and USB Devices the Remote the to the the operating the to the (USB EB-1735W/1725/1723 only)........ Connecting Connecting the first From the Connecting with USB and Optional and Optional
Specifications................................................... Specifications Software (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only)................................98 Reading Function ESC/VP21 Commands Command USB USB Appearance....................................................... Index.................................................................. (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only)..............................101 Network About of EB-1725/1723/1720 RGB).................................................. EB-1735W/1730W RGB).................................................. Supported Supported
from (Rear from front of the The the following four to the of the location. its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and injury. the mount and the or and Installation the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling projection) the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to Attention You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" from the seconds. optional mount when the from
of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the or the immediately when the displayed. If collects the the internal You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the "The overheating. nothing the Clean the and the when the following and clean or the displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the the and the If the of the or it or ready. You other the AA or that the becoming this them with the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the Instructions Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should continually high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the the displayed when displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and it to the cover. the there If the of which the ceiling, should that the and should to the of the cover, that the the gently. Warning The when the from to the It about hour the turned off the cover. If the burns or other the cooled sufficiently the to cool enough. Procedure the off the and the
"PUSH", and once the screws. Press the the the the the clicks that fits the location the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further the the
the cover. the off as Please regulations or If the or the correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the recycling. of with The records the turned and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the The though the The turned It to the when: cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the ether, of the Polyurethane Procedure the off the and the the cover and straight to the
the to connected to it used. this to to and from the Wireless USB ELPAP04 when the to wirelessly and Wireless LAN ELPAP03 Optional and of optional and as of: Please purchase these products as and when The following The following optional and of to without and the country of purchase. or the the and to this Service of to the from Optional this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 as ELPAF19 as ELPLP48 of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 this when to LAN Ethernet ELPAP02B when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 to ELPKC19 when the mount ELPMB23
the Select from the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, Aspect, or the function If selected when currently the the to the as to the of the The recorded and selection displayed. the the or
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the or connected while the approximately seconds. Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
From "Wireless LAN" WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) SSID and security when the the and the This recommended when the that assigned to the from the to the and the to the the This recommended SSID and security this to the with the when the and together. There WPS. mounted the PIN The following displayed. "Network from the Press the the and then Procedure the follow the to using the PIN when the "PIN below. The Network displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) C Press the the when prompted the the Procedure Select Press the or the button. This the Press the the when prompted the The displayed. It to the Wireless LAN Then, the displayed.
WPS Protected with LAN Access (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) the "PIN already the and the using the PIN Select from Select "PIN Procedure This the of the the and the Press the to the The PIN displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) displayed. Press the or the C The WPS from the to the the PIN the "PIN and then Select from It to the Wireless LAN The displayed. This the of the the and the Press the to the
To the the following to the reference. Projection EB-1725/1723/1720 and Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection to to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of the from the of the to the of the of
and Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) Projection EB-1735W/1730W to to to to to to to to to to Projection to to to to to to to to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of to to to to to to to to Screen to to to to the from the of the to the of the of
Devices such as and USB should If USB the correctly. connecting and the AC with the connected to the directly. Connecting and USB Devices (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) connected to the that the and and USB and USB that USB played back "PC Operations" PC finishing projecting, the following to USB from the Removing USB Devices The following to USB to the USB with, or specified with as Connecting USB Devices Turn off the or USB from the USB A). Procedure USB than length. If the PC function correctly. To USB A) To USB USB
the directly to the and USB Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) from the This function USB USB from USB to the to the displayed. connected. If software such as "EPSON USB "EPSON when the USB from the "EPSON USB software, and To from the to from the from the and If the the then "Connecting the first to the USB Turn the Connecting Procedure the A/V "From the Turn the the the to the (supplied).
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. C projected. Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", Connecting the first automatically. and "EPSON USB Applications that of DirectX functions the USB There to the Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", To the If it automatically, "EPSON "EPSON USB If reason nothing projected, "EPSON USB Hardware" The displayed correctly. Disconnecting to the and then to authority, displayed the the If the USB Select and to the software. this and Service If to installation, Click
Connecting with USB and (USB EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) It while projected. Please From the
Reading Function (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) The IP the where the The of the where the occurred the function to "On" and warning the the following and of the Subject: EPSON occurred. The of the The following shows the that the each To with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" High (Overheating) related that the the the or input to the High Warning High-speed cooling Iris Iris or appears the of the with occurred
Connector USB B) USB If the terminates abnormally, the ON to the the and the input, the the and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the B) Command Item PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF You the USB (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) as USB SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (EB-1735W/1725/ only) EasyMP (CR) to the of each command and MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V ON/ OFF A/V selection
ESC/VP21 Commands To the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB to and the section of Download the USB (USB-COM from the to Procedure 21L" to "On" "USB B" to C 21L" to "On" from the 21L" from the the EB-1735W/1725/1723 the downloaded USB the instructions displayed the
that the and connected to the This section easy of "Network and the following operations. Network (EB-1735W/1725/1723 only) "EMP NS only Software Meeting&Presentation of and connecting the to and using and such as function, There the to The EMP NS the EPSON and from the "EMP NS Turn the and then the the "Accessories" "Network allowing the OS to of the connected On the and then The its IP or The displayed. Procedure "Network function Therefore, the function of the OS without to from the the "Network software. the that to and shown the of the C Once the OS of the the displayed, the to the highest If of displayed and the the "Network from to LAN Compatible OS
displayed information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA to URL the JBMIA. About displayed "Product information EB-1735W EB-1730W EB-1725 EB-1723 EB-1720 Non-compatible commands Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT and Command Connector INPT input INPT input INPT input INPT
Units: RGB) of Supported Supported EB-1725/1723/1720 VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA Normal Aspect Refresh WXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" when other than those input, that the functions supported. the VGA
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh Units: Aspect Refresh TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM)
of Units: RGB) EB-1735W/1730W Through Normal XGA VGAEGA VGA SVGA Aspect Refresh WXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13" MAC16" when other than those input, that the projected. supported. when selected as the from the the VGA
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh Through Normal HDTV Units: HDTV Through Normal TV(NTSC) Aspect Refresh TV(PAL,SECAM)
EB-1720 EB-1725/1723 EB-1730W EB-1735W Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including Polysilicon TFT active ELPLP48 UHE to to AC to to to to to to
Specifications EB-1720 EB-1725/1723 EB-1730W EB-1735W Product Connectors input USB B) USB A) USB B) USB B) USB A) USB B) USB USB A) USB A) input DIN input RCA input This USB2.0.USB to that USB. Dedicated to the wireless LAN or optional wired LAN USB (wireless/wired LAN If the of than and to to of TM DNX this
Specifications The software with the or the optional that the following EMP NS EMP USB and Wireless with EB-1735W/1725/1723. Software USB EMP EMP EMP NS XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP4/XP/ SP1 SE XP Edition/ Professional) SP1 or SP1 SP6/2000 SP4/ or SP4/ XP/XP SP1/XP Recommended: OS or OS or XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP4/XP/ SP1 OS Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Recommended: III or or Recommended: II or or MMX Recommended: or or Recommended: MB or MB or Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory PC G3 or Recommended: Core or III or or CPU than XGA of than MB or MB or MB or MB or or than SVGA Office 2000/XP/2003/2007 or than XGA of than
Specifications interference to and reception, which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to This tested and found to comply with the interference installation. This turning the off and the user to to or reception. there that interference the outlet from that to and and, and installation. If this the or Increase the the and receiver. to reasonable protection the interference or of the following FCC United States or the which the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located connected to interfaces. or If this than interface established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this the FCC or Declaration of this The of non-shielded interface to this and interference which the the the WARNING authority to the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the interference received, including interference that (1)this interference, and this Each to the responsibility that the operation. following :H268C/H269C/H270C/H271C of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX AMX Discovery This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or aspect ratio of HDTV URL Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV which the and to to that of and C to connected to IP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the to SSID connecting with counterpart wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA This the IP the SNMP. SNMP Trap IP type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio type of with of that IBM computers. XGA of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the to The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of to that of three and which the and to This (router) to Gateway of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the and interference Synchronization This that the of the from the IP of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to sound Normal that which to this and