Touch Chess Congratulations purchase of Touch Chess! purchased both chess trainer and whos ready gameand who as the If the You the once pulled If there or to batteries, the as follows: screw- the battery-compartment screws the back of Touch Chess. Then the from the top. three fresh AG13 batteries, to follow the each that the ity or of the correct. Right the the the board with the their The LCD This the first of the and ready to chess. the The the of the Touch Chess the piecesthe the of the board. White first. The and Think of as processregis- the from and then the to of the to the the of the the or to hear and the or flash. If hear and the flash, then that anywhere. If and to the from to the of the to to hear know Touch Chess with its automatically. the its from and to its to the the shows the and the each
Touch Chess with features that learn to and chessand to of Touch four the chess board and tion The four shown the and as follows: THREAT AREA If the Threat Warning the of this the threatening the board. COLOR AREA Press this to the of the to SCORE AREA Press the of this to the of the to the Pressing the to the The the following Pawns1, Knights3, Bishops3, and CLOCK AREA Touch Chess normally shows the each Press the of this to instead the Press to to Function There than there function each The shows the function of the The top its ondary function. the features to through the to of these the the Functions OFF KEY This the off, If Touch Chess cally off of the ON to the MODE/ON KEY this to Touch Chess. to the secondary function of the other "Secondary You as clear or to of the OPTIONS, SETUP, LEVEL, and RATING. UNDO KEY This back or Press this repeatedly to back back the MOVE to replay the or HINT KEY Press this to hints from Touch Chess It and flashes recommended Touch Chess with features! To the the the the the top first MODE and then the the To the hint the MOVE If the hint or replay or shown instead of MOVE KEY Press this to switch with MOVE to replay the UNDO LEVEL KEY this to the of information, of Press LEVEL to the the NEXT+ or SETUP- to the the LEVEL to option to the displayed, the OPTIONS shows: this Touch Chess selective search It the Press NEXT to FAST or off. the OPTIONS to the to choose that to and Press the NEXT to or off. Secondary Functions the features to through the secondary To of these features, first the MODE and then the indicated the top You MODE to secondary function. OPTIONS KEY Pressing the OPTIONS repeatedly To or option, the +NEXT the Select of of Select of Great Select of If cant the Chess the to the to and then the MOVE of with the Black the the Black and the Select Computer; Computer.
this option turned the selected shown turned this option the of search of Touch Chess "thinking and clock These displayed while the thinking its higher this option to clear the Pressing the SETUP with the board cleared of You White and Black the board to Select sound sound sound, the off with this to shut-off altogether. -SETUP KEY Press this to that reaches back to other than (The to the You this to SETUP section START KEY this to RATING KEY Touch Chess rates this to to rating the showing played with hints or backs. to While rating with the O the first of the OPTIONS shows: If the the RATING to OPTIONS to If the the RATING to OPTIONS third to If the the RATING to to to rating the Black to the Black (to Touch Chess first) the MOVE first as White. the White and Black switch immediately! the Touch Chess the three-time repetition of or there and of these the of chess that If wish, the and the reached, the Game-Ending Touch Chess announce and three It when Touch Chess, to win, or to the MODE and then START appears the that O appears the the rated. appears, lastly when appears the that of threat- with (This to the players when they of Generally, the higher the select, the Touch Chess and the think its The first four and and approximately and seconds tively. (one-half search. through about about seconds through about seconds The amount of the the of the and whether or the FAST option Touch Chess as to as to, or its search. the MATE OPTIONS), or to of the MOVE while the and the thinking and the found If would to the automatically, the MODE then OPTIONS the option showing. the +NEXT to the of players to Press MODE to the OPTIONS the MOVE and the You the MOVE Doing the of players back to Touch Chess easy to learn the that chess champions At the of choose to learn of to the gameused chess Press then to and then the +NEXT or SETUP to the of the to learn. Then the MODE to to If the sound. To learn the HINT the back with its the the another to If the appear, You the that The of the Closed
Scotch Petroff French McCutcheon French Declined The and of these famous chess. Touch Chess allows to wantor inventto Press MODE then OPTIONS the reads +NEXT to the of players to Press MODE then both the to reached. the +NEXT to the of players to Press MODE and the this Great At the of the of of the MODE then OPTIONS to and then the +NEXT or -SETUP to with the the of the the first played. Press the MODE to to three. You the winning The the the On the right, the shows the amount of the great-game If the great-game sound and the this half. If the to the flash. with with The players, locations, and of the below, with of each Lawrence; rights This known as "The Both players the 19th-century and of the ingenious of both of his and his the his force the right to the Black to its J. his The as of the White's of the the history of the With his reply, Black actually knight and threatens think that would enough! follows with and that forces shower of blows. This known as the Morphy Count Isouard, While the the unof- from New Orleans offhand this the the of played that Morphy with of his and the and knight). These Morphy Black with another Morphy hits the with of to Victory of the of chess. the first official this as to his from castling Then his that the his knight. the of the At first of White's and Black wasn't with Black can't the rookwith his or eventually mated If these of this O. World Champion chess his "Chess") and of the players of the Bishop's and to Black appears to the to the allowing Black to his forced to march to the of the board, unhealthy monarch when the board, where mated. It's to that such White's of the board, and Black allowed White's when hasn't castled, to This of off as French which White the his and castling, this his and effectively White's of that's often namethe White's of the bomber of the chessboard. White's of with the o This Dutch features famous of the to American of the champion his activated
while the English champion Thomas his off the back and too slowly. White already threatening all-out followed Nxf6++. Then to the the the board to the the White breathes his A. This as Counter Black too his while White his aggressively. White's the of the board as as the This the White's two-move Rf3 and and typical This then that allows to his other the White of his forces the while the Black and to the They to S. Another this the and writer whom the who with O-O-O!, his knight. finishes with that forces The World Champion the old-fashioned Knights' and his protection first Rxf6!, can't refused and forces With offers which can't immediately of Black forced to the and follows the The the championship three the 20th-century who become champion. The White's long-term weakness, the they White cleverly to the and through the with his pawn-push This chance to his action. the to win. the mated the White the Where Black his and and J. P. Knights' Black his castling and of White's his knight with Nf3+. Then allows White to his that White's surrounded. the White's his knight forced from its allowing Victor Twentieth-century perfected It typical to top-level players the fact, the of this of the the and his players would ingeniously, to his fortifications. World Champion crushes with because of the of from to the castling and prying the h-file to the Boris the championship from the match that this this English that becomes that once White and of his early as that Black his forces while White's coordinated. often such White through with the this It clears the White's active forces. of the of repeatedly to White these offers, which would of the off the board. White's becomes the to the of this threat, White to his of the Black White his to or whatever Black to New years winning the onship, played this of the his famous to his quickly. Then another to force the Black from the that, the and of the Bobby's forces to his from the White the of his and Bf6 the first of this the the with This head" and Black to the which the the The with announces his to the from castling his own enough the least the to through with his Black to off with Bxf3, knight with and then his to the to his other the another that crushes hope of the Black White winning the Black If then White and Computers to or other If this should pointed to the ACL the of the At when the the board or or or of the from to knight. Press MODE then the SETUP repeatedly the the the empty. Press MODE to the
or Press MODE then the -SETUP the to the -SETUP or +NEXT to choose the Press the MODE to This another that allows to that or newspapers, or that yourself. It allows to to or that Touch Chess to the Search Normally, to from to such first, MODE then OPTIONS (clear board) displayed. Then the -SETUP that board cleared. The appear. ready to the the Press the which the White should stand.Then the which the Black should repeatedly the the (You cant the SETUP both the White and Black placed.) Next, another the or to and the the -SETUP or +NEXT to the to the type. Press each that this type. You the the appears the right Follow this the the or completely Finally, MODE to or to Touch Chess the that Touch Chess which to While the of the to the COLOR AREA of Chess The players The with the white first to the With the of castling below), the of from to another which or the when castling and the another to as of the The immediately from the chess- board the the whereby the the the the of the with another or the The when there the from This known as Checkmate. The when the of the whose to and the This known as and Turn the each selected shown You learn the of The to the or which The to the or which Castling (below.) The Bishop to the which The the of L, or and then or and then The On first (below.) The as as Castling(below) of both the and which counts as (of the and as below: the already the already there the and the the or the which the or the which to to and which with the which the The of white below: the to the of the board. It immediately promoted, as of the Bishop, or whichever its chooses. the nearly chosen as the tion Through the process, there than the the Chess Castle as as If the To this and Bishops and early the of
rough such as or and the of and (4C and Clean slightly cloth. cleaners with EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., warrants to the that its products free from or mechanical of ONE YEAR from the of purchase. If such within the warranty EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., or the free of charge of the shipped and insured to the tory shown right. The warranty covers and cover that or that from alterations, wear and tear, or of the of the top warranties. This warranty cover of repairs or attempted of the factory. including of merchantability and to ONE YEAR from the of purchase. or from breach of or excluded. allow the of and allow of or the and these instances apply. Battery Information Touch Chess AG-13 and that the and matches the the terycompartment. of the type and from the the right to technical without the of The only authorized service the United States Inc. SW U.S.A. www.ExcaliburElectronics.com the packed, preferably the and and insured. the and including telephone the If warranty and mated service, write to the specifying the and the PLEASEDO NOTSEND YOUR TOUCH CHESS WITHOUTRECEIVING AN ESTIMATE FOR SERVICING. WE CANNOTSTORE YOUR UNIT.