XCALIBUR LECTRONICS Touch
C ongratulations purchase of Touch the of with anywhere. Touch offers of and nearly Please through this thoroughly and instruction. this reference. C ONTENTS Touch ATTERY NSTALLATION The located the back of the screwdriver, each cover. fresh, AAA batteries, to match the polarity and as shown the of the the covers and screw OTE batteries, the properly, the RESET To battery life, this off inactive.
EY UNCTIONS On/Con Press to turn the to selecting to the and seconds to the when the function Load/Save Press to the as shown below: Touch of the and to The appear the of the to the If another using the this the You to three Press to the as shown below: Touch of the and to Undo/New Press to entry. Press and seconds to to the selection Press to numbers. The ash. Press to to Press to the the selected Press to the following On Con Sound On the to of the Press to this function or off. this function the when the ON/CONFIRM once. This function and On Press to this function or off. this function
incorrect ash, off and appear the of the Con Press to the There Sound On Press to the sound or off. Press to the The located the back of the BOUT OKU The of the to the that each each and each three three the through once. OW TO LAY OUCH OKU Touch consists of RANDOM (GI) and PRESET (GII). RANDOM the randomly. the PRESET there advanced players; players. batteries, the RESET The GI (RANDOM), GII (PRESET) and the sound Press to the GI and the randomly. and the RANDOM displayed. The when the to count. Touch GII to PRESET the PAGE and the the The of the ash. the to with the the respective the of the selected CONFIRM to The the of the of the once and the to input You the consecutively to through through If input incorrect circled-X and hear sounds. You off this function selecting and You to to that and input to the function The allowed to The to count from to completed
the ON/CONFIRM The winning and the appear the of the The as shown the following The the of the the The the of The third to the following Then the to Touch to records. You records the DDITIONAL EATURES Touch includes features. The the back of If this of the the touching the seconds. If and to the the hint The function to with or without knowing whether incorrect. If input incorrect when the function know the incorrect ash. This function If advanced and to know incorrect, this function off. the At the of each to the and who the top CORING computed the following: correctly. Completing three-by-three correctly. Completing correctly. IPS the following and If of the following If the hint If incorrectly input the when its to and to the with Press the to
ready to another the to to C ARE ANDLING rough such as or and the of 39F and 100F (4C and 38C). Clean using slightly cloth. cleaners with the ATTERY NFORMATION Touch 2-AAA and or rechargeable that the polarity and matches the the of the type. from the Computers to or other If this should to the RESET.
This with of the FCC Operation to the this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. OTE This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., warrants to the that its products free from or mechanical of DAYS from the of purchase. If such within the warranty EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC., or the free of charge of the shipped and insured to the factory below. The warranty covers and that or that from alterations, wear and tear, or of the This warranty of repairs or attempted of the factory. warranties, including of merchantability and hereby to DAYS from the of purchase. or from breach of or excluded. allow the of LIMITED 90-DAY WARRANTY warranties and allow of or the and these instances apply. The authorized service the United States the packed, preferably the and and insured. Include the and including telephone the If warranty and fee service, write to the specifying the and the OTE Please without first servicing from EXCALIBUR ELECTRONICS, INC. 90-DAY LIMITED WARRANTY Inc. SW U.S.A. www.ExcaliburElectronics.com
OTES
OTES
OTES
XCALIBUR LECTRONICS SW Please www.ExcaliburElectronics.com Touch ODEL