INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN
the clearance of as Should of the the of the properly. At the of operations, to This information the of safety.You MUST or the the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION cover (D) (B) Manufacturers should strictly to. to tions. food NOT once frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the This should when The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the it turned to allow the Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to instructions. Then cover (E). re-tighten the screws. If the to the of the the screws fixing (D), the as shown the and the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the from If the the perfectly to the that the that the to the the with of the or this heat- of the operation, This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs Service Force and should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance therefore only authorized cooling and recharging This its when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with The located to or boilers. sunlight. catches to the and that or of autho- This only, specifically the of
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS A, B, C, as shown the Technical Specification Positioning the The fresh food food food the and as shown the (A) the of the and the of the the with the screws supplied. Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light cover (C) (A) Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Defrosting the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws the (B) (A). together the and the the and the and the as indicated the supplied.
touches the housing (A) stated the of the section (where to with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION included with the (C) and cover (D) the and the the the with screws the of the to that of hinges. the of the The to thaw, and and the Should the food food the affected the first or of then the thermostat to the the products the the least hours the DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE REFROZEN. food thermostat with and OFF (O) The the and the The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the the the Press the covers the and the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. cooling plate Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the Apply covers (B) cover and as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the burns. of food and The four-star fresh foods. If of food to hours to of fresh It to the thermostat food to the of the and from the and as this the food cooling shelves. when fresh food. food. The fresh food
such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective or the food, To the performance, food or the food food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely defrosted cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking Instructions built-in The with the right or the following instructions of the as the polythene and top of the meat or To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the the the and the the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling bottles: these should and should the bottle the Normal Sounds the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food To allow the clearances Recess shown Height Unscrew the and the and them the or to the from the Furthermore, that the with the following
WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 Service Force obtained from the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive of the front half-shelves The of the that the shelves as the rear ones. shelves the from the off with the following The wires the coloured the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of it should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the To of food of the the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves and Earth as follows: If the of the wires with the the terminals the of the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the The moulded the incorporates
If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without the of To the from should the neither foods which HINTS AND TIPS Food IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Should and The following should If should cooked and Once should Can without and and Dishes: Cream: Shellfish: arrive the straight The of insulated food food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and the food and as as that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. It to the from the supply; the therefore easily which the To this, to instructions the which choose to the This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning should and Can there crystals within them. Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh of Meat: Whether the or of the indicated the The the of The months the of of the foods and pre-treating the to of heat, or to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located +18C to 43C correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Food which to (when cool) should the to the and that the of the the cool obstructed. food to cool to the or frosting the airtight them the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following defrosting of and reduce the of Thaw food the This the there the from closing properly. or the too as the and the to switch to the
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS TOTAL POWER ABSORBED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning STAR RATING GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY and with from Unscrew the light cover and then it outward pressing as shown the Unscrew the Service Force foods and clean the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the the and where located. This based with EN The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
to the throughly replacing. with the this operation necessary to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS of newspaper and food from the and (O) or the from the the thermostat to the OFF the the of the the and the of the low-sided beneath the to the Clean and thoroughly. defrosting (once or as follows: service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the least hour, the previously food the the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased this of the the the food the thermostat and their life. The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another Slough UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Working? www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. Check the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the High Street Customer Slough SL1 1DZ CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or www.electrolux.co.uk concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to this recorded of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and the intact and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built Water the customers should that the as the If, the there Service Force the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the please Customer or the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to this recorded of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built Water the should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this throughly to the replacing. that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS as follows: defrosting (once or Clean and thoroughly. beneath the to the of the low-sided the the the the of the the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the food from the and of newspaper and and to these hours which service this Service Force or become the property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the of the the thermostat to functioning the to the or the the food the least Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased their life. the thermostat and the food defrosting the the this of The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another UK
POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY STAR RATING and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force foods and clean the the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the This based with EN the and where located. The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
Food HINTS AND TIPS neither foods which should the To the from the of without should the food If there the of foods, the closed. If the within IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning food uncovered. that food its and and to that food the as as the food and clean, to and food from and to around each food together too to allow food the immediately. food straight The of insulated arrive the Shellfish: Cream: Dishes: and and Can without Once should If should cooked and The following should Should and It to the from the supply; the therefore easily which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning heat, or the to of of the foods and months the of of The The the the indicated the Whether the or of of Meat: dishes. Should cooked and then as cooked Should cooked and as fresh within them. Can there crystals should and to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located +18C to 43C correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C them the airtight frosting the the or food to cool to obstructed. the and that the of the the the to Food which to (when cool) should building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following to the to switch the and the or the too as the Thaw food the This of foods and reduce the of from closing properly. there the
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The of the that the of the front half-shelves shelves as the ones. shelves easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off To of food of the the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves the of If the of the with the the terminals as follows: and Earth or coloured and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and should eaten as as or thrown food which allowed to thaw food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which Instructions built-in The with the right or the following instructions of the as the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while instructions, the type of or food: follow the of or microwave thawing the the their should directly ready-cooked directly or the Meat only this these should thoroughly cleaned and the hints: To correctly, airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as meat or polythene and top of the Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the the the and the the the Defrosted cooked food trays. The with or trays To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to Normal Sounds or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds or to the shelves. when the through the the bottle the bottles: these should and should and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring To allow the clearances Recess shown Unscrew the and the and them the the from the or to Furthermore, that the with the following
housing (A) touches the stated the of the section (where to or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION using of the to that of the with screws the the and the the (C) and cover (D) included with the hinges. the of the The to thaw, and and the Should the food food the affected the first or of then the thermostat to the the products the the least hours the DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE REFROZEN. food thermostat with and OFF (O) The the and the The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the the Press the covers the and the the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the Apply covers (B) cover and as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the burns. of food and The four-star fresh foods. If of food to hours to of fresh It to the thermostat food to the of the and from the and as this the food cooling shelves. when fresh food. food. The fresh food
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the A, B, C, as shown the the The fresh food food Fresh food Technical Specification Positioning the and as shown the (A) the of the and the of the the with the screws supplied. Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light cover (C) (A) Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the and with from the of the the the and with the screws the (B) (A). together the and the the and the and the as indicated the supplied.
At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should of the the clearance of as required. This information the of safety.You MUST or using the the that the with the that the owner It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION food NOT once or the (D) (B) it the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. Manufacturers should strictly to. to tions. frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. This heavy. should when The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to instructions. (D), the as shown the and If the to the of the the screws fixing the screws. Then cover (E). Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the from of the operation, of the or this heat- the with that the to the that the the perfectly to the If the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs Service Force and should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance therefore authorized cooling and recharging This its when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with The located to or boilers. sunlight. of autho- catches to children the and that or trapped This only, specifically the of
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN