INSTRUCTION BOOK ERH
the washer the and positioning the whole the other the washer (P) from the the and mount the other screws the the with the 19.Mount the the and the screws and mount them the the three (N) the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the and the third screw the contained the the with the the with punch. 21.Unscrew the them the this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow from the should to leaving the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from Printed catches to children the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
the with the It the following The to the reasons. to the Warning! which as shown the the with the there the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws. Rear spacers to right and to the where the height and the Measure from the At the the with the operation the right with the Proceed as follows to the fixing to walls) fixing to the positioning screws Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of to the as follows: the that the following Disconnect from the electricity supply. The accessory containing: cross-slotted screwdriver screwdriver wrench the the and the of the located the that the and the the the of as the previously the screws. the and the screws. the of screws the and the walls: the (I), the and mount the other the (E) its three fixing screws; the other and mount them where the screw cover (L) the the the of the (I). the the and mount the other the (D). the towards the and the of the located the that the and the the the of with the screws as the the screwing them the previously. the with the of the screws previously and screws. walls: (F) from the aeration (D) the indicated the arrow 11.Mount the (E) the other and mount the other 12.Mount the aeration (D) the of the and mount the other the three screws of the (M); Mount the the other Mount the Once the to that the off the (A); the the and mount the other the releasing from the top (G). 16.Unscrew the (A) and mount the other
WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this Service Force obtained from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of relative to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and modifications; EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the Technical Positioning Shelf Rear Spacers to the Starting fresh food food and Earth with the following The wires the coloured as follows: If the of the wires with the the terminals the of and Cleaning cleaning cleaning food shelves Positioning the shelves of the and the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the
with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Thermostat light light C switch light It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the SN +10C to 32C Positioning approximately hours the The light (F) the Turn the thermostat (G) to to reached food the the The light (D) to that the Allow the to hours installation. the first switched the light the to the of food. If the light (A) that the within the reached where food Thermostat light A. light outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C the thermostat (E) the top of the The within the To switch section off the the thermostat to Turn the thermostat the To the as follows: fresh food the the B. switch switch. The light to that the section The light to that the function Turn the thermostat clockwise to E. thermostat D. light C. light the of the screwing the foot, or the of the or the The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the first the that the thermostat to of the turning of this coin.The the thermostat to food G. thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to The light to that the section F. light of the arrow freed and the the from the back, the with that to the shelves To them as follows: Shelf
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Height If of food to and from and food To the performance from this to stated the of the section (where the cooling shelves. should: of to first the or the least hours the food. food the such as these factors to and the necessary. to high GROSS CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. the turning of this to higher To the thermostat coin. hours the to the allow further hour to of food. fresh food STAR RATING NET CAPACITY the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the possibly burn. Once the food completely (which to the indicated the rating cooling If the food the the that slightly to hours) the switch; the food directly with the the light (C) of the as these the the food to the of food to the This shortened, the to food (the yellow light first the or of the switch hours (C) If the operation, the switch should about hours fresh food. the and where located. This based with EN that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the that the closed.
such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective or the food, To the performance, food or the food food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely defrosted cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS To correctly, useful hints: polythene and the the meat Poultry): top of the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the ready-cooked directly should directly the their thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: bottles: these should and should the bottle the the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased or to the from the The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another Slough UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please The of the that shelves as shelves The purchase and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves Customer CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or thermostat or of the located the The with the of the High Street to this recorded SL1 1DZ The and the the (A) closed, the both the the the to +5C warmer than the Thanks to the food type. the as the to clean the
and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to to the frosting the airtight them the arrive the straight The of insulated food food the immediately. round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and food or To the performance from Food the thermostat the or turned to the relative to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the If there the of foods, the closed. If the within Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and of Meat: Can Joints: Should cooked and then should the food there crystals within them. Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and without its The following Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. there the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the the of as as the food and food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. the the thermostat to If to allow the to that the fast function operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continuously The food and than food, reduces the the and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight of food recently the and/or frequently defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the frost and built The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. Please that of purchase service Water the
Defrosting the where The the located the back of the The every the the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning this operation. using the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this operation throughly to the replacing. the the already the the the To overflowing the of the the back of the which outward the of the Unscrew the screw from the light cover and then from Service Force the and with the light cover its and the screw. plastics this this reason cleaned with with chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning as follows: defrosting (once or the to the OFF food from the and of newspaper and of the low-sided the and the the the of the beneath the to the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity Clean and thoroughly. the of the the to the hour, the food the least the foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to
The every the located the back of the The the the where Defrosting the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the to the throughly replacing. with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to using the this operation. outward the of the Unscrew the screw from the light cover and then from Service Force the and with the light cover its and the screw. cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning of newspaper and food from the and beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the to the OFF defrosting (once or as follows: Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity the least hour, the food the the to the of the Clean and thoroughly. the foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the and that the of the If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Food To the performance from food or thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring food the immediately. food straight The of insulated arrive the them the airtight frosting the the food to cool to the Thaw food the This of foods and reduce the of the the to Food which to (when cool) should the thermostat the or turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the it the The the or section too high The light to the food uncovered. that food its and and to that food the clean, to and food from and to around each food together too to allow the food and as as the of to the the and the or the too as to switch from closing properly. there the fresh and as cooked should Dishes: should without its The following Shellfish: Should and Ice-cream: Once should there crystals within them. should the food Joints: Should cooked and then of Meat: Can If should cooked and Breads Can without Should cooked and as If there the of foods, the closed. If the within the the thermostat to If to allow the to that the function operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continuously The airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or reduces the food and than food, Partially food which or of within hours. that the and that its the indicated the the of food recently the and/or defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the frost and built of The the and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months customers should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and Cleaning). to operating sounds. Please that of purchase service Water the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS The of the that shelves as shelves the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase To of food of the shelves To this as shown the Positioning the shelves please Customer or the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer thermostat or of the located the The with the of the to this recorded High Street SL1 1DZ Slough The and the usually the (A) closed, the both the the the to +5C warmer than the to the food type. the as the to clean the
from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and should eaten as as or thrown food which allowed to thaw food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while instructions, particularly the type of or food: follow the of or thawing the the their should directly ready-cooked directly cleaned and the these should thoroughly or the Meat this top of the meat Poultry): polythene and the the hints: To correctly, airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as and to these hours which service this Service Force or become the Companys property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: Defrosted cooked food trays. The with or To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to the bottle the bottles: these should and should Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased the from the or to The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another UK
Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS If of food to and from and food To the performance from this to stated the of the section (where the cooling shelves. should: of to first the or the least hours the food the such as these factors to and the necessary. to high POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED GROSS CAPACITY the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. the turning of this to higher To turn the thermostat hours the to the allow further hour to of fresh food. fresh food NET CAPACITY STAR RATING the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the possibly burn. Once the food completely (which to the indicated the rating cooling If the food the the that slightly to hours) the switch; the food directly with the the yellow light (C) of the as these the the food to the of food to the This shortened, the to food (the yellow light first the or of the switch hours (C) If the already operation, the fast-freeze switch should about hours food. This based with EN the and where it located. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed.
OPERATION to of the with and of thoroughly. or as the which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION light switch light C light Thermostat It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the SN +10C to 32C Positioning A. light light Thermostat where food within the reached If the light (A) that the the of food. the to the first switched the light Allow the to hours to that the the the The light (D) to reached food Turn the thermostat (G) to The light (F) the approximately hours the outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C C. light D. light E. thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to function The light to that the section The light to that the switch. B. switch fresh food the the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the thermostat to To switch section off the the The within the the thermostat (E) the top of the the of the screwing the foot, or the of the or the The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the F. light section The light to that the Turn the thermostat clockwise to G. thermostat the thermostat to food turning of this coin.The internal of the turn the thermostat to first the that of the arrow freed and the the from the back, the with shelf that it to the shelves To them as follows: Shelf
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to home. off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Technical Positioning Shelf Rear Spacers to the Starting fresh food food the of If own the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth and Cleaning cleaning cleaning food shelves Positioning the shelves of the and or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning! to the reasons. The to the the following the with the It spacers which as shown the the with the there the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws. Rear spacers screws fixing to the positioning fixing to walls) Proceed as follows to the the the right with the the with Measure from the At the where the height and the to right and to the Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of to the as follows: the that the following from the electricity supply. The accessory containing: cross-slotted screwdriver screwdriver wrench the and the screws. and the the of screws the previously the screws. of as illustrated the the the and the that the of the located the the the and the the (I), the and mount the other the (E) its three fixing screws; the other and mount them where the screw cover (L) the the the of the (I). the the and mount the other the (D). walls: Tighten the screws previously and the with the of screws. previously. the screwing them the of with the screws as illustrated the the the and the that the of the located the the the and the (F) from the aeration (D) the indicated the arrow 11.Mount the (E) the other and mount the other 12.Mount the aeration (D) the of the and mount the other the three screws of the (M); Mount the the other Mount the that Once the to the off the (A); the the and mount the other the releasing from the top (G). 16.Unscrew the (A) and mount the other
the three (N) the the screws and mount them the 19.Mount the the and the with the screws the the and mount the other the washer (P) from the positioning the whole the other the washer the and reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION 21.Unscrew the them the the with punch. the with the the that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the the and the third screw the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and only should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from Printed catches to the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERH