INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN
necessary, the clearance of Should the of the the of the properly. At the of operations, to This information the of safety.You MUST or the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION cover (D) (B) the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the from the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. Then cover (E). re-tighten the screws. If the to the of the the screws fixing (D), the as shown the and carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the that the to the heating the with of the or this the perfectly to the that the of the operation, If the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS A, B, C, as shown the Technical Specification Positioning the The fresh food food Fresh food and as shown the and (A) the of the the of the with the screws supplied. Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning the cleaning the light cover (C) (A) Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Defrosting the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws the (B) (A). together the and the the and the and the as indicated the supplied.
touches the housing (A) with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION included with the the and the the the with screws the of the to that of (C) and (D) hinges. of food and The four-star fresh foods. The Switch thermostat with and OFF (O) The the and the The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the the Position Position the Press the covers the and hours to of fresh food cooling shelves. If of food to It to the thermostat food to the of the switch least hours food to and from the and when fresh the stated the of the section (where as this the to food. fresh food cooling plate Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the Apply covers (B) cover and the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the switch mounted to the thermostat should when the below 16C, the To that the efficiently switched this of caused the switch 16C to the operation). should the switch off Switch DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE REFROZEN.
the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. or to the from the first or of then the thermostat to the the products the the least hours the the indicated the food Instructions built-in The with the right or the following instructions of the as the such as or plastic, which the through them. the shelves with protective cover or the food, To the performance, food or the To correctly, useful hints: food as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. immediately from the burns. Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the the the and the the the bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly meat wrap polythene and top of the food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the To allow the clearances Recess shown Height Unscrew the and the and them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the Defrosted cooked food Furthermore, that the with the following
WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 Service Force obtained from the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive of the front half-shelves The of the that the shelves as the ones. shelves the from the off with the following The wires the coloured the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the To of food of the the of the the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves Brown and Earth as follows: If the of the wires with the the terminals the of the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the The moulded the incorporates
If there the of foods, the closed. If the within without The following should the food should the of To the from should the foods which HINTS AND TIPS Food It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning should and Can there Should cooked and then as cooked Should cooked and as fresh Should and If should cooked and Once should Can without of Meat: and within them. and Dishes: Joints: Cream: Shellfish: dishes. the straight The of insulated food it food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and the food and as as that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. which the To this, to instructions the which choose to the This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning Whether the or of the indicated the The the of The months the of of the foods and pre-treating and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, or to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located +18C to 43C correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to cool to the or frosting the airtight them the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following there obstructions the from closing properly. or the too as the and the to switch to the
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS TOTAL POWER ABSORBED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning STAR RATING GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the the and where located. This based with EN the light cover its and the screw. Once or year the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning
the least hour, the previously food the the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Clean and thoroughly. The the located the back of the The the the where it Defrosting that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS this of defrosting the the the food defrosting, the thermostat and their life. the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: to the throughly replacing. with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased of newspaper and food from the and the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the defrosting (once or as follows: The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another the the of the the and the of the low-sided beneath the to the UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. customers should that the as the food the the of approximately hours normally the If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please the thermostat the to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following service Please that purchase or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The The High Street Customer Slough SL1 1DZ CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT www.electrolux.co.uk concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the blocked. and the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built Water the to this recorded This to the within the 6C or the thermostat to the prolonged of and lower, the this
of approximately hours normally the food the the should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working? telephone routed to the Service Force covering the thermostat the to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built Water the to this recorded This to the within the 6C or the thermostat to the prolonged of and lower, the this
Defrosting the where The the located the back of the The the Clean and thoroughly. the of the the thermostat to functioning the to the or the the food the least that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS which already the the the To overflowing the the the and of the the back of the their life. the thermostat and the food defrosting the the this of and to these hours which charged. service this Service Force or become the Companys property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this throughly to the replacing. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased as follows: defrosting (once or or the from the the thermostat to the OFF (O) food from the and sheets of newspaper and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another beneath the to the of the low-sided the and the the the of the UK
POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY STAR RATING and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the This based with EN the and where located. the light cover its and the screw. Once or the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning
Food HINTS AND TIPS foods which should the To the from the of should should the food without The following If there the of foods, the closed. If the within It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning food uncovered. that food its and and to that food the it as as the food and clean, to and Cleaning. food from and to around each food together too to allow food the immediately. food straight The of insulated the dishes. Shellfish: Cream: Joints: Dishes: and within them. and of Meat: Can without Once should If should cooked and Should and quickly. Should cooked and then as cooked Should cooked and as fresh Can there should and which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning heat, or the to of obstructed. the cool and that the of the of the and pre-treating months the of of The The the the indicated the Whether the or of to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or colder, then the The should located +18C to 43C correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C them the airtight frosting the the or food to cool to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the the to Food which to (when cool) should building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following to the to switch the and the or the too as from closing properly. there the
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The of the that the of the front half-shelves shelves as the ones. shelves it easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off To of food of the the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: and Earth or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
food the indicated the opertion the least hours the the products the then the thermostat to the first or of the from the or to trays. The with or To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to Instructions built-in The with the right or the following instructions of the as the than absolutely necessary. Finally, the or from the Ice immediately burns. the frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or Fresh food hints: To correctly, food or the To the performance, cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the the the and the the the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and should eaten as as or thrown food which to thaw polythene and top of the meat or the Meat this these should thoroughly cleaned and the airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as the bottle the bottles: these should and should To allow the clearances Recess shown Unscrew the and the and them the Defrosted cooked food instructions, the type of or food: follow the of or microwave thawing the the their should directly ready-cooked directly Normal Sounds or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds or to the shelves. when the through the and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring Furthermore, that the with the following
housing (A) touches the or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION (C) and cover (D) of the to that of the with screws the the and the the included with the hinges. of food and The four-star fresh foods. The Switch thermostat with and OFF (O) The the and the The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the the Press the covers the and the hours to of fresh food cooling shelves. If of food to It to the thermostat food to the of the switch least hours food to and from the and when fresh food. the stated the of the section (where as this the to food. fresh food cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the Apply covers (B) cover and the of the food the to thaw, and the Should the food affected the and the switch mounted to the thermostat should when the below 16C, the To that the efficiently switched this of caused leaving the switch 16C to the operation). should the switch off Switch DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE REFROZEN.
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the A, B, C, as shown the the The fresh food food Fresh food Technical Specification Positioning and as shown the and (A) the of the the of the with the screws supplied. Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning the cleaning the light (C) (A) Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the and with from the of the the the and with the screws the (B) (A). together the and the the and the and the as indicated the supplied.
At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of This information the of safety.You MUST or the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION cover (D) (B) the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. (D), the as shown the and If the to the of the the screws fixing re-tighten the screws. Then cover (E). carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the of the operation, If the that the the perfectly to the of the or this heating the with that the to the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to children the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN