INSTRUCTION BOOK ERU
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the This heavy. should when It to the or to this to that the the supply the supply from the or its service to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of they this the This only, specifically the of only. food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Ice burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
of Appliances The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the CONTENTS Instructions the Information the The Thawing food Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning the cleaning the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specification Positioning Building-in instructions
OPERATION using the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate the The thermostat as the the the following factors: often the food of the prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling plate Turning the to the defrosting to To fresh foods to the of the thermostat operation, turn the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to warmer At the first or of the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the operating food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of wrapping or the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the
Fresh food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the shelves The of the that the shelves as of the front half-shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves height.To these as follows: the the of the arrows off, then as required. Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling or to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
HINTS AND TIPS Food To the from neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating the to of heat, or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the food to to the or Food which to (when cool) should the to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without The following should Cream: Once should and If should cooked and and Can without Shellfish: Should and quickly. Dishes: should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the with and of and thoroughly. To of the once the the and the with cleaner. the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the the to cleaning Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light from Service Force the light cover its and the screw.
Defrosting The the The the located the back of the the where S.I.011 To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the and the which already the to the throughly replacing. the frost with Whenever the thickness of the frost defrosting should Proceed as follows: food, layers of newspaper and cool the from the or the thermostat to the O the the top of the the the as shown the completed, the thoroughly and the Turn the thermostat back to the or the the the previously food the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the rear to the using cleaner. the plinth then the the the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the leaving the to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the contacting Service Force the following Symptom to the The light The the or section too high The Water the If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working? the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN the and where located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily
to this should or WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
carrying the from the the (A) of the from the rear Right the right (B) of the from the To the the as follows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. To the of the as shown the
of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
Building-in instructions Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. hand Right the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front to the or right.
The cover (B) to assembled the the recess. Screw and the with screws (I) through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the of
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=890 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the leaving height of plinth to the The plinth of from the