C EU FREEZER
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance Warning light (red) fresh food food Normal operating sound Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Service Force Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please Installation This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the ance Child allow children to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the as they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply.
the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE (recommended foods) food Compartment fresh food At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to trapped
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. switch light (yellow) Mains-on light the the The light light to that the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the usually the although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. To the thermostat to the higher numbers; to warmer the to the numbers. Warning light (red) Thermostat the allow hours the to further turning of this coin. Warning light (red) If the lights it that the within the reached where food the first switched the light the to the of food. fresh food hour to of fresh food. the switch to the hours to fresh food, the yellow light
This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as this the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the OFF the yellow light Distribute the food the other that the top further operation. top fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the fast food. To the performance from this that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the to the the shortest increase of the food shorten its To items the the to of the It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the frequently or than absolutely necessary. the immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. If there the of food, the the whole of the If the loaded, the food affected the of otherwise, recommended to the food within food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food the of causing the within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and Dishes: should and of Meat: there within them. Joints: should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked Ice the of to allow the to and the To release the the its length. to from the Normal operating sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with food. and using the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
DEFROSTING The become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this when the empty. To defrosting as follows: food, layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the O the and the the location to as the to the defrosting completed, the thoroughly. the Turn the thermostat to and and the the least hours the the previously food the to release the when the food the of the food defrosting shorten their life. to off frost from the as the PR001
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. cleaning the with NOT products. Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to D358 CONDENSER COMPRESSOR
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the to The the too high The The continuously frost and built If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the the thermostat turned to the to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean? to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something Not Working and the and purchase to hand. Please that to of purchase service customers should that the the heading Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING (*)This based with EN153 the and where located). INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, located where the below 10C (50F) or 32C (90F), operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the NP006 D200
carrying the operations below, the from the Carry as follows: Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and the the Unscrew the foot the of the and the the and the to the the and the the with the already the screwed amount of force the screws. It therefore to the screw this operation. of the operation, that the the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Household Appliances