INSTRUCTION BOOKLET EU UK
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance Warning light fresh food food Normal Sound Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Something Not Malfunctions Service and Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Appliance to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the ance situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once carbonated or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. the top of the to the of the cavity of the through with the cold. housed within this cavity. If should these the this reason top of the Bottles and the as they burst when the
Manufacturers recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Compartment food Compartment fresh food C
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. light Thermostat light (yellow) Starting the the The activated turning the thermostat the -16C the light this shows that the The switched off turning to The the thermostat with and OFF -16C -24C Turn the thermostat to the intermediate (-18C) usually the although the affected by: often the How food of the the these factors to and necessary. C Warning light (red) To the thermostat to the higher numbers; to higher the to the numbers. the allow hours the to further Warning light (red) If the light lights that the within the reached where food (warmer than -12C). the first switched the warning light the to the of food.
fresh food hour to of fresh food. the fast-freeze than hours to fresh food, the yellow light This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as this the the top products to the the as to that obstructed. You should than of fresh food Once the food completely (which to hours) the function manually the switch The light If the function manually, the switch off the function hours. The light the food the other that the top further operation. top fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. To the performance from this strongly that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the to the the shortest increase of the food its It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the or than necessary. the immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". If there the of food, the the whole of the If the loaded, the food affected the of otherwise, recommended to the food within To the as follows: the to then upwards The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Defrosted cooked food
The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the to free that to the or pointed HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the shopping to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with clean towel food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the quality. The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated. bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
DEFROSTING The become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty. To defrosting as follows: layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the the and the the location to as the to the defrosting completed, the thoroughly. the Turn the thermostat to (-18C) and, the least hours the the food the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as the the of causing the within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals within them. should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked PR001
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. products. cleaning the outer with NOT products. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to D358 CONDENSER COMPRESSOR
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Appliance the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the to The the too high The The continuously frost and built If the there Appliance customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Malfunctions If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the light the flash. The to function using Appliance repaired the SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If further information the the and of the or to please Appliance telephoning: Symptom there the there the household lights. the the thermostat turned to the to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean? defrosting to operating sounds.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING (*)This based with EN153 the and where located). INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, located where the below 10C (50F) or 32C (90F), this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using NP006 D200
carrying the operations below, the from the To this through the following Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and it the the Unscrew the foot the of the and the the and the hinge to the hand Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the positioning the the the screws of when It therefore to the screw this operation. of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If own the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Appliance This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Household Appliances