INSTRUCTION BOOKLET EU UK
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance Starting Warning light (red) fresh food food Normal Sound Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the ance Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the as they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the
Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children trapped DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Compartment fresh food/ food Compartment food MAX
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. light (yellow) Warning light (red) Starting the the The activated turning the thermostat the the light this shows that the The switched off turning to The the thermostat with and OFF Turn the thermostat to the intermediate usually the although the affected by: How often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. light Thermostat To the thermostat to higher the the allow hours the to further Warning light (red) If the warning light lights that the within the reached where food (warmer than -12C). the first switched the warning light the to the of food. MAX
fresh food hour to of fresh food. the fast-freeze hours to fresh food, the light This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top amount of food, the top the top products to the the as to that obstructed. You should than of fresh food Once the food completely (which to hours) the fast function the The light Distribute the food the other that the top further operation. top fresh and thoroughly cleaned foodstuffs. allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. To the performance from this strongly that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the to the the shortest increase of the food its It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. the immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". If there the of food, the the whole of the If the loaded, the food affected the of otherwise, recommended to the food within To the as follows: the to then upwards The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food
The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the to free that to the or pointed HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the quality. The of each should enough to that and and once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
DEFROSTING The become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this when the empty. To defrosting as follows: food, of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the the and the the seating the of the as shown the and to the defrosting completed, the thoroughly. the Turn the thermostat to and, the least hours the the previously food the of the food their life. to off frost from the as the the of causing the within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and quickly. Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals within them. Joints: should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked D068
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. products. Once or year the and the the of the with or cleaner. You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or the to The the too high The The continuously frost and built If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the the thermostat turned to the to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean? to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING (*)This based with EN153 the and where located). INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning The should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. The of both According to the the top and the of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with D163
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
BUILDING IN Instructions building-in the of the of housing of housing of housing It that the with the following follow indications the the the housing (A) touches the PR D526 D022 Press the covers the and the the and the the of to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and (D) Apply covers (B) as indicated. D132 D727 D013 C
A, B, C, as shown the (A) the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) C PR266 PR166 C PR33/2 the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly. cover (D) (B) PR167 PR168 PR167/1
Household Appliances ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE