INSTRUCTION BOOK EU Household Appliances
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION should strictly to. to tions. food NOT once Ice burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply the back of the which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when the Defrost Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs Service Force and should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with The located to or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. of autho- catches to children the and that or This only, specifically the of
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Specifications Instructions Building of the Appliance Starting fresh food food Something Not Service and Customer and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning the Service Force Conditions
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE MAX C C fresh foods Compartment food
MAX OPERATION C (C) (A) the of food to to food (the light hour to of If the already operation, the fast-freeze the fast-freeze switch (A) hours the the food to first the or of switch should activated about hours the top of the as this the fresh food. This shortened, as shown the (B) fresh food. C with and of the to of light switch C light (Red) Thermostat light PR33 the (B) (A). the and with together the and the the and the the and with the from the of the the and the as indicated the screws supplied. the the The light (D) the reaches the the light (C) light light to that the or as the thoroughly. Starting PR167 PR168 At the of operations, to the of the properly. necessary, the clearance of as required. Should of the Once the food completely (which the that the The food to fresh and of the that the top to hours) the switch; the Distribute the food the other allow fresh food to food which further operation. light (B) off. closed. already quality. D670 the thermostat to the first the that the the thermostat the top of the (E). and Turn the thermostat the turning of this coin. the thermostat to The within the to higher the thermostat to To such as high To the as follows: The internal of the food PR167/1 of the operation, that the of If the the with the or this heating the perfectly to the that the to the cover (D) (B)
the Press the covers the and of to first the or the the indicated the Finally, the or least hours the than necessary. food. food Apply covers (B) and D724 the of the food the the Should the food to and as this or items from the Water ices, immediately from the affected the and the the frost/freezer burns. burn. Warning A, B, C, as shown the D726 or food, to used, uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food the food items the or should eaten as as cooked from this food which allowed to thaw cooked and then cooking the the with the screws and the of (A) the of the and as shown the supplied. PR266 C the tray(s) to the to and them of the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. PR166 To release the the or to the from the
and that the of the the cool abstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds Instructions built-in Recess Food which to (when cool) should the to the there the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the frosting the airtight them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and straight The of insulated food arrive the food the immediately. To the performance from food or Food D567 The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Height If there the of Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and within should the of Meat: Can Should cooked and then food without its The following there crystals within them. foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. the of the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight food together too to allow to around each that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the food uncovered. PR01 housing top of the (A) touches the that the with the following The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating Partially food and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of the The the of D022 of the to that of the with screws the the and the the (C) and cover (D) included with the hinges. C D727
EARTHED. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE this The should should or to this ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 Service Force obtained from the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting the from the off with the following The wires the the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided food from the wrap sheets of newspaper and or the from the the thermostat to the OFF GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE and Earth the of as follows: with the the If own the of the the of the Clean and thoroughly. D068 AMP BROWN CORD CLAMP BLUE the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and D207 hours the previously the least food the of the food their life. the to the or the thermostat to the operating the to the the which with the L or red. which with the N or coloured the to the the The moulded the incorporates
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the which located the of the indicated the rating Positioning Once or year the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity the outer with NOT products. cleaning each The following shows which to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following +18C to 38C ST SN +10C to 32C COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS TOTAL POWER ABSORBED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom STAR RATING GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY the and where located. This based with EN the thermostat the turned to the to If to allow the to there the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the there the the The the too high The to the of food recently the and/or the thermostat to that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the that the closed. frost and built The continously defrosting the and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating The the following Clear and of the and telephone The purchase service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SLI IDZ Slough Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased to this recorded please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another Slough UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The the following The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: High Street Customer Slough SLI IDZ CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT please Customer or telephone as follows:- concerning or further information products, Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or neglect, the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased to this recorded please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another Slough UK
POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom This based with EN the and where located. AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING the thermostat the turned to the relative to If to allow the to there checking the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the there the the The the too high The to the of food recently the and/or the thermostat to that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the that the closed. frost and built The continously defrosting the and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
cleaning ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND to from the electricity supply, the foods and the the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the which located the of the indicated the rating Positioning cleaning NOT products. the outer with the and electricity and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of Once or the each The following shows which to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. and instructions please to the instructions the following +18C to 38C ST SN +10C to 32C CONDENSER COMPRESSOR D273/1
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. with the this necessary to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting it easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided food from the sheets of newspaper and or the from the the thermostat to the OFF If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW the of the Clean and thoroughly. D068 or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 hours the the least food the of the food their life. the to the or the thermostat to the operating The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the heat, such as or the to of abstructed. the cool and that the of the Instructions built-in Recess Food food or To the performance from food the immediately. arrive the food straight The of insulated the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and them the airtight frosting the to the the and the or the too as to switch from closing properly. there the the the to Food which to (when cool) should D567 The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Height food uncovered. food, reduces the food and than that food its and and to that food the to around each food together too to allow airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or the of fresh and as cooked dishes. should Dishes: should Shellfish: Should and foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should there crystals within them. food without its The following Joints: Should cooked and then of Meat: Can within should the If should cooked and Breads Can without Should cooked and as If there the of PR01 housing top of the (A) touches the necessary that the with the following the which or of within hours. that the the indicated the and that its Partially food of The the and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months D022 of the to that of the with screws the the and the the (C) and cover (D) included with the hinges. C D727
Press the covers the and the of to first the or the the indicated the Finally, the or least hours the than necessary. food. food D724 Apply covers (B) cover and the of the food the the Should the food to and as this or items from the from the Water ices, immediately affected the and the the frost/freezer burns. burn. Warning D726 A, B, C, as shown the or food, to used, uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food the food items the or should eaten as as cooked from this food which allowed to thaw cooked and then cooking C PR266 and as shown the (A) the of the and the of the the with the screws supplied. the tray(s) to the to and them of the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. PR166 To release the the or to the from the
OPERATION MAX C cover (C) (A) light Thermostat C light (Red) switch light to of the with and of C fresh food. (B) as shown the fresh food. This shortened, switch should activated about hours the top of the as this the first the or of the fast-freeze switch (A) hours the the food to hour to of If the already operation, the to food (the light the of food to PR33 the (B) (A). the and with together the and the the and the the and with the from the outer of the the and the as indicated the screws supplied. thoroughly. or as the light to that the the light (C) light the reaches the the the The light (D) PR167 PR168 At the of operations, to the of the properly. necessary, the clearance of as Should of the food The internal of the To the as follows: such as high to To the thermostat to higher The within the Turn the thermostat the turning of this coin. the thermostat to and the thermostat the top of the (E). first the that the the the thermostat to D670 already closed. light (B) off. further operation. allow fresh food to touch food which Distribute the food the other to hours) the switch; the that the top The food to fresh and of the the process, that the Once the food completely (which PR167/1 of the operation, that the of If the the with the or this heating the perfectly to the that the to the cover (D) (B)
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE MAX C C fresh foods Compartment food
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the of the Appliance Starting fresh food food Technical Specifications Instructions Building and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning the Service and Customer Something Not Service Force Conditions
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or using the should strictly to. to tions. food NOT once frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to leaving the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs Service Force and should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with The located to or boilers. sunlight. ances. cooling and recharging This its therefore only authorized technicians. of autho- catches to the and that or This only, specifically the of
INSTRUCTION BOOK EU Household Appliances