INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances
Unscrew the (E). the (D). from the electricity supply. of Gently the its back with the top from the inch- the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the and (E) the the and then the the from (G), the the with punch. the with the Unscrew the the the (D). the (F) from the (D) and the fixing the from the the screws which the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. Service Force to this Child to when instructions. this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If PR228 Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. allow to with the or with the from of autho- the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with or boilers. sunlight. Printed catches to children the and that or trapped or the specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Technical Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance Operation fresh food food easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off Cold and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW Service and Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE MAX ON SUPER ALARM Positioning the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions This to outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these sunlight and from to or or It should located atmosphere, of or then the 10C (50F) and 38C (100F). correctly. easily the supply; the therefore It to the from C beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least (4) with restricted DO NOT There should of of The back of the to the the the NP006 Rear the with the there spacers which as shown the foot, or the of the the of the screwing the D200 screw head, then re-tighten the screws. the screws and the the D594 C fresh foods food
OPERATION Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the the The light (D) light to that the Thermostat light with and of the to of switch C light light POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to although the affected by: The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: often the food the first switched the light the to the of food. or as the thoroughly. within the reached where the food If the light it that the A. light This based with EN the and where located. STAR RATING the turning of this to higher To the thermostat coin. hours the to the allow further these factors to and the necessary. fresh food of the The light to that the function fresh food the C. the The operation light continuously, to that the E. Thermostat B. light D. light hour to of fresh food. first the or of to food (the yellow light (B) lights the switch first the that the thermostat to that fits the highest lowest
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or the or the food, to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then Once the food completely (which to hours) the to the the light (B) off. This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as these the If the already operation, the should activated about hours fresh food. This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the property. service this Service Force hours which and to these ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of wrapping or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. Defrosted cooked food or to the from the of to first the or the least hours the food. the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. Warning This relates to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of increases the of which food the this the of the or breakdown. It the top Cold the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the burns. immediately from the possibly burn. Slough UK
and that the of the the obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Food which to (when cool) should the to the food to cool to the or the too as to switch the and the to the frosting the airtight them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and straight The of insulated food arrive the food the immediately. To the performance from food or Food the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase If there the of Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and within should the of Meat: Can Should cooked and then food without its The following there crystals within them. foods, the closed. If the Once should Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. there the from closing properly. the of food together too to allow to around each that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the food from and clean, to and food uncovered. concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that its the indicated the that the within which or of the The the of to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning to the The The the too high the blown. there the the necessary. the within the operating of 10C to 32C. household lights. there the to allow the to If to the thermostat turned to the the thermostat (E) to the OFF or the from the with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to using the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the outer with NOT products. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning The continously frost and built that the closed. the that obstructed. closing. that nothing the from the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided food from the it of newspaper and hours fast the previously the least food the the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Clean and thoroughly. performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. the and clean. defrosting charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the of the food defrosting, their life. foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the Please that of purchase service D068
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the thermostat turned to the to If to allow the to there the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. there the the The the too high The to the the thermostat (E) to the OFF or the from the with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to using the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the with NOT products. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the that the closed. frost and built The continously beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided hours the previously the least food the food from the it of newspaper and the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Clean and thoroughly. performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. defrosting the and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force of the food their life. foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the Please that of purchase service D068
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the cool and that the of the the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Food food or To the performance from food the immediately. arrive the food straight The of insulated the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and them the airtight frosting the to the the and the or the too as to switch the food to cool to the the to Food which to (when cool) should the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase food uncovered. clean, to and Cleaning. food from and food, reduces the food and than that food its and and to that food the to around each food together too to allow the of from closing properly. there the quickly. fresh and as cooked dishes. should Dishes: should Shellfish: Should and foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should there crystals within them. food without its The following Should cooked and then of Meat: Can within should the If should cooked and Breads Can without Should cooked and as If there the of concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the which or of within hours. that the the indicated the and that its Partially food airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or of The the to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the or the to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then Once the food completely (which to hours) the to the the yellow light (B) off. This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as these the If the already operation, the fast-freeze should activated about hours fresh food. service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. The food to and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food or to the from the of to first the or the least hours the food. the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. Warning please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another increases the of which food the this the of the or breakdown. It the top Cold the of the food the to thaw, and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. Ice immediately from the possibly burn. UK
OPERATION Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS light using light switch C to of the with and of light Thermostat light to that the the the The light (D) POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY A. light thoroughly. or as the If the light that the where the food within the reached the of food. the to the first switched the light food the To the as follows: the thermostat the top of the The within the Turn the thermostat the although the affected by: the thermostat to first the that This based with EN the and where located. STAR RATING D. light B. light E. Thermostat that the The operation light continuously, to the C. fresh food the function The light to that the of the fresh food necessary. the these factors to and further the allow hours the to To the thermostat to higher the turning of this lowest highest that fits the the thermostat to using first the that the switch first the or of to food (the light (B) lights fresh food. hour to of
IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE MAX ON SUPER ALARM It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. 10C (50F) and 38C (100F). or warmer, then the It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or 10C (50F). If these outhouse, where the below This to correctly. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning C NP006 the the There should of of The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). D200 the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using spacers which as shown the the with the there Rear spacers D594 the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. C fresh foods food
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. of the Appliance fresh food food Technical Positioning Rear Spacers easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off Cold and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW Conditions Service and Customer or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
top from the inch- Gently the its back with the of from the electricity supply. the (D). Unscrew the (E). the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the the screws which the fixing the from the and the the (F) from the (D) the (D). Unscrew the the the with the the with punch. the the from (G), the and then the the and (E) the the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. should strictly to. to burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to leaving the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. Service Force to this Child to when instructions. PR228 that the to the If the the of the operation, with perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the This should serviced authorised and only should used. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow to with the or with the from of autho- the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with or boilers. sunlight. Printed catches to the and that or trapped or the specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances