INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C
from the electricity supply. inches) of top from the Gently the its back with the cool items, including food, food reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the the the the and the Unscrew the the the with the the the with punch. which should then the the the and then screw the the from (G), the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This should when It to the specifications or to this the as stated the turned to allow from the should to leaving the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. this heating the the of the or perfectly to the that of the operation, with the the that the to the If carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to children the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS The the The indicated the the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers Operation fresh food food easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Service and Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions OPERATION Positioning SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C which located the the of the indicated the rating where the to the This should location The following shows which each easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from the the The light (C) light to that the light light C light with and of the to of Thermostat using +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least correctly. It should located atmosphere, of below 10C (50F). If these or warmer, then the sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to the such as the thermostat to coin.The internal of the turning of this food The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: fresh food the turn the to S. first the that the thermostat to that fits the or as the thoroughly. B.Thermostat A. Rear spacers the the with restricted to the touch DO NOT There should of of The back of the using foot, or the of the the of the screwing the to higher To the thermostat the it to fresh food high The light to that the function The light continuously, to that the highest lowest D. light C. Operation light E. light they that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) the the to The containing the back of the spacers to the to S hours to food (the light first the or of (D) lights hour to of fresh food. If the already operation, the fast-freeze should activated about hours fresh food. the first switched the light the to the of food. within the reached where the food If the light (E) lights that the
food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking of the as these the the food to the top of food to the This shortened, the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the N the light (D) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. or to the from the Defrosted cooked food the Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. Warning This based with EN the and where located. round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds the of the food the to thaw, and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns.
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or food and than food, food, once reduces the of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which and to these the the indicated the and that its that the within hours. which or of quality. Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to to the following If should to another country within then with to of or plastic. or from or the of light or Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the food, bottles or of the as they with to the the to food which already as the or fresh food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of or knife, without them thoroughly and the them with food. with and that food the and and to that food its It that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. This relates to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country of and and The of each should enough to that The foods to fresh and of the Ireland Slough UK
THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the thermostat (B) to the OFF or the from the with the this operation to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to using the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity cleaning the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland sheets of newspaper and food from the and beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Clean and thoroughly. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, You MUST that the switched OFF. please the the heading Something Not Working. Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase hours the previously the least food the foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street to this recorded SL1 1DZ
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or within to the food without its The following should the of causing the of the food their life. Attention! to the The the too high the there the the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the household lights. there the to the thermostat turned to the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked The The continously frost and built that the closed. the that obstructed. to allow the to If the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. the and clean. closing. that nothing the from defrosting charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the Please that of purchase service
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom within to the food without its The following should the of causing the of the food their life. Attention! the thermostat turned to the to there the household lights. operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. there the the The the too high to the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to that obstructed. the Check that the closed. frost and built The continously The customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. defrosting that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service
cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with the ELECTRICITY supply. or cleaning DISCONNECT the from MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS cleaning of the and electricity of the performance cleaners that the outer casing of this chemicals that the plastics this this reason it cleaned with with Defrosting as follows: defrosting (once or year) this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this or the from the the thermostat (B) to the OFF the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland You MUST that the switched OFF. with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the Clean and thoroughly. the of the the thermostat to functioning the to the or food from the and of newspaper and of the low-sided the and the the the of the beneath the to the please the the heading Something Not Working. Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the leaving the food the the least hours fast the please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street Slough to this recorded SL1 1DZ
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS food and than food, food, once reduces the of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased food, bottles or of the as they with to the the to food which already as the or fresh food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of or knife, without them thoroughly using the and them with food. with and It that food its that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another and and The of each should enough to that The foods to fresh and of the quality. Slough UK Ireland
further operation. Distribute the food the other that the top N the light (D) off. to hours) the switch to the Once the food completely (which This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as these the cooking cooked from this the or the food items or food, to used, then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS food closed. the process, that the already allow fresh food to food which The food to fresh and of the food. least hours the first the or the of to Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while the instructions, the type of or food: follow the of or thawing the their should directly ready-cooked directly POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY Warning than necessary. Finally, the or the indicated the burn. from the possibly Water ices, immediately the Defrosted cooked food the from the or to trays. The with or To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to This based with EN the and where located. burns. items from the as this or affected the and the the Should the food the of the food the to thaw, and Normal Sounds or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds or to the shelves. when the through the and thermostat the and hear when the thermostat the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring
which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning OPERATION It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning the the The light (C) light to that the light Operation light C light with and of the to of Thermostat outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to the such as the thermostat to coin.The internal of the turning of this food The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: fresh food the the to S. first the that the thermostat to that fits the or as the thoroughly. B.Thermostat A. the of the screwing the foot, or the of the The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the Rear spacers to higher To the thermostat turn the to fresh food high The light to that the function The light continuously, to that the highest lowest D. light C. light E. light spacers to the back of the The containing the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they the to S hours to food (the light first the or of (D) lights hour to of fresh food. If the already operation, the fast-freeze should activated about hours fresh food. the first switched the light the to the of food. within the reached where the food If the light (E) lights that the
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. fresh food food Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Service and the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
items, including food, food Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of Disconnect from the electricity supply. reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the from (G), the and then screw the the the which should then the the with punch. Cover the with the the Unscrew the the the and the the the the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. that the to the If the the of the operation, with perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C