C FREEZER EU
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance Warning light (red) fresh food food Ice Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Something Service and Customer Conditions Service Force Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in instructions Building the the plinth
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force to this ance should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the tion instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibly, which nevertheless and of the ance, that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the ance situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to.Refer to tions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of autho- the and that or catches to
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Compartment food Compartment fresh food Thermometer OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. Thermostat ON/OFF light Warning light light fast-freezing
Starting the the The activated/deactivated pressing the ON/OFF button.When the light this shows that the The within the the thermostat the of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the tion. first the that the thermostat to turning of this coin. The internal of the cally the thermostat to food However, the such as high and to To the thermostat to higher the Warning light (red) If the warning light lights it that the within the reached where the food the first switched the warning light the to the of food. fresh food hour to of fresh food. the switch hours to fresh food, the light This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as this the amount of food, the top Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the the light off. Distribute the food the other that the top further operation. top quality, fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. To the performance from this strongly that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the to the the shortest increase of the food its It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the or than necessary. the Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". If there the of food, the the whole of the If the loaded, the food affected the of tion; otherwise, recommended to the food within
food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with and the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that and and Ice the with to the top of each and the To release the the its length. to from the food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
DEFROSTING The become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thick- of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty. To defrosting as follows: food, it layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the the the three defrosting completed, the that collected the and the thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to and, the least hours the the previously food the of the food their life. to off frost from the as age the the of causing the within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and quickly. Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals within them. should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELEC- TRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POW- DERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PROD- UCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERI- OR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. products. cleaning The with clean to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to S.I.013
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the to the The the too high The The continuously frost and built If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the the thermostat turned to the correct. relative to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something and the and chase to hand. Please that to of purchase service should that the the heading Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN153. the and where located. INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, should located from heat tors, boilers, sunlight performance obtained with +10C and +32C. building-in and reversibility, necessary, to the instructions the following
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the coloured with the following and Earth Brown If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or the to the the which with the L or red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 This with the following E.E.C. Directive: AMP BROWN
BUILDING-IN INSTRUCTIONS carrying the from the the from the with the (A) of the from the To the the as Apply the to the of the the they click. N.B. The to assembled the the with the DO002 DO001
To the of the as shown the of the tion, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the covering and the The of the to the electricity should positioned, that the the recess. height. DO013 S.I.005
To mount the as shown the
Screw the covering
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth heights greater than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the DO008
Household Appliances