INSTRUCTION BOOK EUC
the (D). from the electricity supply. three fixing screws; the (E) its from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION reassemble the the of the (where them the the the the and then the the from (G), reassemble the the of the arrow and reassemble the (E) the the cover (F) of the (D) using the screws the (E) and reassemble the of the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow from the should to the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If the the with punch. Cover the with the Unscrew the the the (D), carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to children the and that or trapped of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Technical Positioning Rear Spacers using fresh food food Thawing Normal operating sounds easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Service and Cold Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not the of If the of the with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions OPERATION Positioning SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C which located the the of the indicated the rating where the to the This should location The following shows which each easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from The within the the thermostat the top of the Turn the thermostat the To the as follows: Thermostat light with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. light switch C light +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least correctly. It should located atmosphere, of below 10C (50F). If these colder or warmer, then the sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the first the that the thermostat to internal of the turning of this coin.The the thermostat to food the such as high the first switched the light the to the of food. If the light (A) that the within the reached where the food B. light A. light the the with restricted to the DO NOT There should of of The back of the foot, or the of the the of the screwing the to warmer To the thermostat the the switch hours first the or of to food (the light (B) hour to of fresh food. to fresh food The light to that the function fresh food the C. switch the switch. The light continuously, to that the Turn the thermostat clockwise to E.Thermostat D. light Rear spacers screw head, then the screws. the screws and the the the with the there spacers which as shown the If the already operation, the fast-freeze should activated about hours fresh food. of the the as of food to the This shortened, the the food to the these the
Once the food completely (which to the indicated the rating cooling If the food the the that slightly to hours) the switch; the food directly with the the yellow light (B) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the quality. allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely defrosted cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then ready-cooked directly should directly the their and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the If of food to the and food the cooling To the performance from this and from the to stated the of the section (where should: shelves. the indicated the This based with EN the and where located. the tray(s) to the to and them of the microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. the Finally, the or than necessary. immediately from the possibly burn. To release the the or to the from the the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or these increase the of which food the of or breakdown. the They the top Cold round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these food and than food, food, once reduces the of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and home. It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to to the following If should to another country within then with to of or plastic. or from or the of light or Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the food, bottles or of the as they with to the the the indicated the and that its that the within hours. which or of Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too try to allow to around each the closed as as This to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country of the to food which already as the or fresh food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of or knife, without them thoroughly and the them with food. with and that food the and and to that food its It that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. Ireland UK and and The of each should enough to that The foods to fresh and of the
THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the thermostat (B) to the OFF or the from the with the this operation to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to using the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity cleaning the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland of newspaper and food from the and beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Clean and thoroughly. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, You MUST that the switched OFF. please the the heading Something Not Working. Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase hours the previously the least food the foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street to this recorded SL1 1DZ
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or within to the food without checking its The following should the of causing the of the food their life. Attention! to the The the too high the there the the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the household lights. there the relative to Check the thermostat turned to the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked The The continously frost and built that the closed. the that obstructed. to allow the to If the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. the and clean. closing. that nothing the from defrosting the mechanical or breakdown. customers should that the as the Please that of purchase service
If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom within to the food without its The following should the of causing the of the food their life. Attention! the thermostat turned to the to there the household lights. operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. there the Check the The the too high to the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to that obstructed. the that the closed. frost and built The The should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. defrosting that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service
cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with the ELECTRICITY supply. or cleaning DISCONNECT the from MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS cleaning of the and electricity of the performance cleaners recommended that the casing of this chemicals that the plastics this this reason cleaned with with Defrosting as follows: defrosting (once or this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this or the from the turn the thermostat (B) to the OFF the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland You MUST that the switched OFF. with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the Clean and thoroughly. the of the the thermostat to functioning the to the or food from the and sheets of newspaper and of the low-sided the and the the the of the the to the please the the heading Something Not Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the leaving the food the the least hours the previously please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street Slough to this recorded SL1 1DZ
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS these increase the of which food the of or breakdown. the They the top Cold round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the when the through the or to the shelves. You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: food and than food, food, once reduces the of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES it as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased the and that its the indicated the that the it within hours. which or of Partially food food, bottles or of the as they with to the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight food as cool as that it then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another the to food which already as the or food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the the of Whether and pre-treating The the of or knife, without them thoroughly the clean and them with clean food. with and It that food its that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. Slough UK Ireland and and The of each should enough to that The foods to fresh and of the quality.
further operation. the food the other that the top the light (B) off. the food directly with the to hours) the fast switch; the that slightly cooling If the food the to the indicated the rating Once the food completely (which Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS food closed. the process, that the already allow fresh food to food which quality. The food to fresh and of the food. least hours the first the or the of to from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY the indicated the should: the of the section (where to stated and from the To the performance from this If of food to the and food the cooling shelves. Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while the their should directly ready-cooked directly then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown This based with EN the and where located. than absolutely necessary. Finally, the or burn. from the possibly immediately the frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or trays. The with or Defrosted cooked food the instructions, the type of or food: follow the of or microwave thawing and them of the the tray(s) to the to food the affected the and the Should the food the of the The to and the from the or to To release the the
which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning OPERATION It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning The within the the thermostat the top of the Turn the thermostat the To the as follows: Thermostat light or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of light switch C light outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C first the that the thermostat to internal of the turning of this coin.The the thermostat to food the such as high the first switched the light the to the of food. If the light (A) that the within the reached where the food B. light A. light the of the screwing the foot, or the of the The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the the switch hours first the or of to food (the light (B) to warmer To the thermostat the hour to of fresh food. to fresh food The light to that the function fresh food the C. switch the switch. The operation light continuously, to that the Turn the thermostat clockwise to E.Thermostat D. light spacers which as shown the the with the there the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws. Rear spacers If the already operation, the fast-freeze should activated about hours fresh food. of the the as of food to the This shortened, the the food to the these the
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. fresh food food Normal operating sounds Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Cold Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Service and the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the (E) its three fixing screws; Disconnect from the electricity supply. the (D). reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION (E) and reassemble the of the the the screws previously the cover (F) of the (D) reassemble the (E) the the of the arrow and reassemble the the from (G), the and then the the the them the the of the (where reassemble the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. the (D), Unscrew the the the with the the with punch. the that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and only should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK EUC