INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to when the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow children to with the or with the from of autho- catches to the and that or or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Specification Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance fresh food food Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Service Force Conditions
Disconnect from the electricity supply. inches) of top from the the its back with the cool items, including food, food DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the the the the and the the the and then screw the the from (G), the the which should then the the with punch. Unscrew the the the with the contained D715 PIED/M ALARM SUPER ON MAX C this heating the the of the or with perfectly to the that of the operation, the the that the to the If C PR228 food fresh foods C
ALARM SUPER ON MAX OPERATION The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. the the The light (C) light to that the C light light with and of the to of Thermostat light C easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to the thermostat to coin.The internal of the turning of this food The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: fresh food the the to S. first the that turn the thermostat to using that fits the or as the thoroughly. B. Thermostat A. If the of the wires with the the as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW However, the such as to higher To the thermostat the to fresh food high The fast light to that the function The operation light continuously, to that the highest lowest D. light C. light E. light or coloured and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 the to S hours to food (the light first the or of (D) lights hour to of fresh food. If the already operation, the should activated about hours fresh food. the first switched the light the to the of food. within the reached where the food If the light (E) lights that the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then of the as these the the food to the top of food to the This shortened, the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the N the light (D) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. Positioning correctly. It should located atmosphere, of This to below 10C (50F). If these or warmer, then the and from to or or outhouse, where the 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the quality. allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food the the with restricted to the DO NOT There should of of The back of the beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least (4) NP006 the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. Defrosted cooked food or to the from the carbonated the Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. Warning Rear the with the there spacers which as shown the foot, or the of the the of the screwing the D200 round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds the of the food the to thaw, and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the burns. screw head, then re-tighten the screws. the screws and the the D594
food, once food and than food, reduces the of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of as this the of the the or fresh food the to food which already food to and its and to reduce bottles or of with to the the as they or knife, without them thoroughly and the them with clean food. with and that food the and and to that food its It that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. This based with EN the and where located. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING and and The of each should enough to that The foods to fresh and of the THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason only of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the with NOT products. cleaning This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these hours the previously the least food the of the food defrosting, their life. the to the or the thermostat to functioning D068 performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the within to the food without its The following should the of causing the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. Attention! foods and clean the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the Defrosting This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of of newspaper and food from the and the thermostat (B) to the OFF or the from the with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: UK beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the of the Clean and thoroughly.
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the thermostat turned to the to If to allow the to there the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. there the the The the too high The to the of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the that the closed. frost and built The continously customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. defrosting the and clean. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street to this recorded SL1 1DZ
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street Slough to this recorded SL1 1DZ
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or to the The The the too high the there the the necessary. the within the operating of 10C to 32C. household lights. there the to allow the to If relative to the thermostat to the The continously frost and built that the closed. the Check that obstructed. closing. that nothing the from the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. the and clean. defrosting charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the Please that of purchase service
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the with NOT products. cleaning service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: hours the previously the least food the of the food their life. the to the or the thermostat to functioning D068 performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased within to the food without its The following should the of causing the should cooked and then Chicken should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked Attention! foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the Defrosting please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another it of newspaper and food from the and the thermostat (B) to the OFF or the from the with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. (once or as follows: Slough UK beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the of the Clean and thoroughly.
to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and showed that the of of and It then hours to as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the to once-a-week that and of from foods. This food, reduces the food and than food, once Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the closed as as to around each food together too to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as cool as that the which or of within hours. that the the indicated the and that its Partially food airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY food uncovered. to thaw slowly. The to food to the that food its and and to that food the It that food its with and them with food. the and or knife, without them thoroughly the as they with to the food, bottles or of reduce food to and its and to the to food which already the or fresh food as this the of the of The the and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months This based with EN the and where located. The foods to fresh and of the that The of each should enough to and and MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with the ELECTRICITY supply. or cleaning DISCONNECT the from LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning or to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then of the as these the the food to the top of food to the This shortened, the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the N the yellow light (D) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or colder or warmer, then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. Positioning ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that it thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food NP006 least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food or to the from the the Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. Warning D200 the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using spacers which as shown the the with the there Rear round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. D594 the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws.
OPERATION MAX ON SUPER ALARM The the The indicated the the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. light C Thermostat to of the with and of light light C light to that the the the The light (C) easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off A. B. Thermostat thoroughly. or as the that fits the the thermostat to first the that to S. fresh food the the To the as follows: the thermostat the top of the The within the food turning of this coin.The internal of the the thermostat to Turn the thermostat the the thermostat to first the that If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW E. light C. light D. light lowest highest that the The operation light continuously, to function The light to that the high fresh food to the To the thermostat towards to higher such as the or and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 If the light (E) lights that the where the food within the reached the of food. the to the first switched the light fresh food. hour to of fresh food. should activated about hours If the already operation, the fast-freeze (D) lights first the or of the to S hours to food (the yellow light the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
items, including food, food Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE D715 PIED/M the with the Unscrew the the the with punch. the the which should then the from (G), the and then screw the the the the and the the the the ALARM SUPER ON MAX C that the to the If the the of the operation, perfectly to the that with the of the or this heating the C PR228 food fresh foods C
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to thaw, when the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow to with the or with the from of autho- catches to the and that or or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and burns straight from the
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the of the Appliance fresh food food Technical Positioning Rear Spacers Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working Service Force Service and Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances