INSTRUCTION BOOK EUF
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the burns straight from the This should when It to the or to this the from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and only should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
the of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused household service or the where the or its and this household handed to of this please city office, the the recycling of that this treated as information about recycling of this purchased the The of Appliances the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws and the as indicated the the and the the together the and the supplied. Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of Instruction built-in Technical Specification Positioning Activation of Switching off of the frsh food food cover it Cold Normal operating sounds acoustic and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning Service and Customer Conditions the Defrosting Something Not Working
(B) and cover (E) Apply covers (C-D) and or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION using as shown the with the screws supplied. After the the of the as shown the and the of and function Thermostat Applince ON/OFF C Function DISPLAY or If the function
C pressed, the following activated clockwise Activation of function. Normal operation Switching off and hear Press (C) and the off the section the flashes, the background of the illuminated, (A), the the the as the turned the following appear the indicating that the the the to the the foods to the of hours, the foods This function hours. The hours. this The function C "Activation of of the as this the location. other foods the the The off holding (A) the off, (B) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. off. of the The within the the thermostat the top of the and the to the thermostat (D) the following roughly -18C the the and that the the of the the fitted. the the the the that where the of the with the of the that the top the food the other further operation. The food to fresh and of the Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to the such as the thermostat to coin.The of the turning of this food To the as follows: the with screws the included with the (I (P allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. of food, and the to the of the The of foods to hours function. Press C The To fresh foods, to the as this the shown the fresh food. to higher To the thermostat the to fresh food high Apply the the and the necessary) the appears
Reversibility to the right. The with the the following actions to the food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking of to first the or the least hours the food. the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. food the back the the and screw the and the Unscrew the and the them the Unscrew the and the spacer; ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of food to and from and food the of the section (where to stated cooling shelves. To the performance from this should: the Warning Recess Instructions built-in the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the or to the from the Defrosted cooked food the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. Height shown To allow the clearances the top and the of both According to the The round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds If there they food hours. The with Cold with the following Furthermore, necessary that the
acoustic sound when the than The indicated by: acoustic flashing sound. the highest reached the appears seconds. to "C" to the At this the flashing and the increase the the from to white. flashing the to flash; restored: the red. the acoustic off; of flashing sounding of indicated by: The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. restored closed): Press the (C) to the acoustic the acoustic HINTS AND TIPS EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or food to cool to the or the too as to switch the and the to the as as the food and food together too to allow to around each To the from the should the neither foods which food uncovered. Food the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the back of the It to the with or cleaner. there obstructions the from closing properly. food from and clean, to and or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily the supply; the therefore It to the from THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning Positioning which located the the of the indicated the rating where the to the This should only location the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions frost free, which there to manually as this automatically. of the food their life. Defrosting only cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity cleaning SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C The following shows which each correctly. The should located warmer or then the atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these within to the food without its The following should the of causing the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. Attention! You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or the with or cleaner, and the the back of the to the instructions the following building-in and instructions please foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
If the correctly, please the following Service Force SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS the thermostat turned to the to there the household lights. operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. there the the The the to the This based with EN AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY the and where located. NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to that obstructed. to operating sounds. that the closed. The continously If the correctly, Service Force Please that necessary to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason only of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to to the following If should to another country within then with to of or plastic. or from or the of light or Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer Appliances This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and only domestically, and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country of to this recorded Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ UK
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not telephone routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer Appliances The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another to this recorded Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ UK
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING Service Force If the correctly, please the following POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS to the The the the there the the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the household lights. there the to the thermostat turned to the This based with EN AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY the and where located. NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY The continously that the closed. to operating sounds. that obstructed. the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the Please that to of purchase service If the correctly, Service Force
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning frost free, which there to manually as this automatically. of the food their life. Defrosting only cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity cleaning to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C within to the food without its The following should the of causing the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. Attention! You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or the with or cleaner, and the the back of the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
indicated by: sounding of flashing of the acoustic off; the red. restored: the to flash; flashing from to white. increase the the At this the flashing and the "C" to the to appears seconds. the highest reached the sound. flashing acoustic The indicated by: than acoustic sound when the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. HINTS AND TIPS the acoustic Press the (C) to the acoustic closed): EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off Food food uncovered. neither foods which should the To the from the to around each food together too to allow the food and as as to the the and the or the too as to switch the food to cool to heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the and that the of the the of If own the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth clean, to and food from and from closing properly. there the with or cleaner. It to the the back of the or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
the the following actions to The with the to the right. Reversibility food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking of to first the or the least hours the food. the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. food Unscrew the and the spacer; them the Unscrew the and the the and screw the and the back the the ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of food to and from and food the of the section (where to stated cooling shelves. To the performance from this should: the Warning Instructions built-in Recess the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the or to the from the Defrosted cooked food the of the food the to thaw, and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Height round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds If there they food hours. The with Cold Furthermore, it that the with the following
indicating that the appear the as the turned the following the the the illuminated, (A), the flashes, the background of the (C) and the off the section and hear Press Switching off Normal operation function. Activation of functions activated clockwise C pressed, the following the the to the roughly -18C the the following the thermostat (D) and the to the thermostat the top of the The within the of the off. from shown. than second. this, countdown of the The off holding (A) the off, (B) the other foods the of the as this the location. C "Activation of The hours. this The function This function hours. of hours, the foods the foods to the the and that the the of the the fitted. the the the the that where the of the with the of the To the as follows: food turning of this coin.The internal of the the thermostat to such as the Turn the thermostat the the thermostat to first the that The food to fresh and of the further operation. Distribute the food the other that the top the with screws the included with the (I (P high fresh food to the To turn the thermostat to higher fresh food. shown the as this the To fresh foods, to the The function. Press C The of foods to hours the foods to the of the of food, and closed. the that the already allow fresh food to food which Apply the the and the necessary) the appears
Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION as shown the as shown the and the of the of the the with the screws supplied. and function Thermostat Applince ON/OFF C Function DISPLAY cover or If the function
of Appliances The purchased the that this treated as information about recycling of this the the recycling of please city office, household to of this the or its and this household service or the where of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws and the as indicated the the and the the together the and the supplied. CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of Operation Activation of functions Switching off of the frsh food food Technical Positioning Instruction built-in cover Cold Normal operating sounds acoustic and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
INSTRUCTION BOOK EUF