EUF29400X, EUF29406W EUF29405W, EUF29406X EUF29405X, EUF29406K EUF29405K, EUF29412W EUF29412X
CONTENTS information First and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its operation and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. to without
Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of lighting. This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected house- only. They household the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once it food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. or the as If the cover If the If the If the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the or other heating to heat the interior, and the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only.
Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and only used. Protection This which the CONTROL PANEL Appliance ON/OFF Function Confirmation C and function and Negative Child activated Switching the the If the (A), to the food the and the to -18C the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the Function activated Chill activated Action activated activated the reach -18C, food the To
If the the light off automatically. The light closing and the Switching off The off pressing (A) countdown from pleted. The the (B). The flashes and (B) the to of seconds the shown The selected-temperature reached within hours. At the with the (within hours). Functions activating the (D) the operating. Each function (E). If there seconds the from the and The following functions Child function function Action function Chill function Child Function The Child function activated (D) necessary) the appears You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this through the as as this function activated. It to the function pressing (D) the and then (E). Function The function activated necessary) the appears (or the -18C). You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen (-18C), the tions food. It to the function the selected the Action Function To fresh foods, (D) peatedly to the Action tion. Confirm the selection (E), and hear the and the rotating To capacity, allow of hours, the fresh food the the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. It to the function (D) the and then (E). Chill Function The Chill function to as when bottles the It activated pressing (D) necessary) the appears You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this it operates with of and from to (B) the
At the of the selected there the following indications: the flashing the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic (E) At this bear to the the It to the function (D) the and then (E). increase the to or indicated by: flashing flashing FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. DAILY USE of the The that the fresh food and The -15C and -24C. the to -18C, which and food At the displayed with the (within hours). the played and when: recently selected the food the 5C the the acoustic Press (E) to the acoustic restored: the acoustic the to Press (E) to the warmest food reached. seconds the to and shows acoustic sound the The indicated by: flashing acoustic Press (E) to the acoustic closed), the acoustic or as these the fin- ish. functioning the shows the warmest the of food first or of the products the the least hours. The that and easy to the food If of food to the which to to On shelves the top shelf to food that stated the of the section
the of to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top quality, and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food
CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to clean the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the ance and of to the cooling the the front to scratching the cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason cloth and cleaning or as these the or coating. cleaning, the to the supply. WHAT TO DO IF of the often Cleaning the The the and then: the of the the straight to completely clean the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when it operation, neither the the foods. The of frost to the of the of the the following the from electricity supply food clean the and the to If the to once while to the food from of which technician the following chart information
about them to charges service. The of the with sounds and sound). This operation. The The properly. The cushion spacers located the back of the and the The sounds. The light flashing. The closed correctly. to or shown the The continuously. The correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The food too high. the food to The too high. There too frost and The closed correctly. to "Closing the The or dirty. The incorrectly. The the too cold. The the too The closed correctly. to "Closing the The food too high. the food to The the too The the too high. occurred the The incorrectly. Food wrapped properly. the food The incorrectly. The incorrectly. Food too to each other. food that there The operates discontinuously, the of That why the of the the the and should the to them back to "High service (the cooling to food products cold, warmer the than necessary. Decrease the to "Closing the higher warmer
of food to fro- the The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The defective. to the The to the with tilation The to as the to the service. the the from the the screw- the the and of the type and specifically household rating of the The switched off. Switch the The to Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service of food to the the to the correctly. another ance to the
TECHNICAL DATA EUF29400X EUF29405W EUF29405X EUF29405K Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION Read the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The directly the and the top this the the top board least that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with consulting The responsibility the EUF29406W EUF29406X EUF29406K EUF29412W EUF29412X
This with the E.E.C. rectives. the with to the tation. To them these the the from the the from the with the this Spacers the spacers within the cessory as shown the each other, the the the spacers the back of the the that If the the supplied. reversibility To the of the these the from the the the and it the of the
the back Unscrew and the front cover Unscrew the and the the covers the the the front Unscrew and the to the Unscrew and the to the Unscrew the the to the other Screw the the the with the supplied. Reassembly the Screw the the Reassembly the covers and and the front cover the and the tilation Unscrew the On the the covers or them. the the to the turning the covers within the accessory the Warning! Reposition, the least four hours and then to the to that: screws tightened. The to the The and correctly.
Warning! If the the ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, perfectly to the that the of the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop