user EUF29260W
CONTENTS information First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly informed and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or Thinking of of www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical to without to that the ance. This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of lighting. This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected household only. They household tion. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food ance with the food instructions. If the cover If the If the Appliance's should strictly to instructions. or the as the which to to the Ice frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the or other heating to defrosting. heat the terior, and the Installation follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or
that the the of the to only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used. Protection This which the CONTROL PANEL Action light light Action ON/OFF/ Switching the the If the ted, ON/OFF If the the too the light and the Press the to switch off the If its or tion The together with the refuse and The insulation the ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the Switching off Press the light and then count the from the to the ance completely. Press the The flash. Select the repeatedly. The flashing while.
The shows the The reached within that the the often the of food location of the Action function Press the Action The Action light light This function hours. It to the function the Action ton. FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the fin- ish. that the hose the of the the DAILY USE fresh food The fresh food and and food To amount of fresh foods to the To fresh food the Action function hours the The Action light switch off. High increase the to earlier or indicated by: light flashing. sounding of The switched off the button. the light flashing and the off automatically. food to the It to the fresh food to the The amount of food that hours specified the rating plate located the of the
The hours: this other food to of food first or of the products the the least hours. The that and easy to the food If of food to the which to to On shelves the top to food that from the the of defrosting, to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this tion. cooked directly from the this cooking HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the the hours. further food to should this only top fresh and thor- oughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to it the Once the the back their the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt;
to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and clean to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the highly cleaning products or to the as this the and strong Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and of to the cooling the the front to scratching the cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason cloth that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food and cleaning or as these the or coating. cleaning, the to the supply. Cleaning the The the and then: the of the outward/downward. the straight to completely clean the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the the foods. The of frost to the of the
of the the following the from electricity supply food the and WHAT TO DO IF operation of the often which the following chart information about them to charges service. The of the with sounds and The The properly. The sounds. The light flashing. Three flashing. The continuously. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The food too high. The too There too frost and The or dirty. The the too cold. The the too The closed correctly. to "Closing the The food too high. The the too high. occurred meas- the The incorrectly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The incorrectly. The incorrectly. the to If the to once while to the food from of sound). This operation. The operates discontinuously, the of That why the of the the the and should the to to service (the cooling to food products cold, warmer the than necessary. the food crease to Decrease the to "Closing the warmer the food crease to
The the too of food to the The The connected to the correctly. The There the with tilation The to as the to the service. the Clean the If necessary, the to TECHNICAL DATA Height The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the Food too to each other. food that there The switched off. Switch the The to If necessary, the the Service indicated the rating of the of food to the the to the correctly. another ance to the
SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location To performance, the ance below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should The directly the and the top this the the top least that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. the with to the tation. To them these the the from the the from the with the this the that If the the supplied. On the the back- turning the the threaded to the to the
and to the right to the ance. reversibility To the of the these the from the the the and the of the the back Unscrew the and the cover washer and this the Unscrew the (C1). the to the (C2). Unscrew and the to the (C3). Screw the the C2 the with the supplied. the and the Unscrew the On the the covers or them. the the covers within the accessory the Warning! Reposition, the least four and then to the to that: screws tightened. C3 C1
The to the The and correctly. ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop 298376926-B-122010