EUF
to the of chosen first from which with of pleasure the to offer of products that You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the First switch Switching off Functions of the of food Cold of food cleaning of Defrosting Technical information Customer service and Location Rear www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should hhouse and the that the wwith the that the wwith tthe functioning of the the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from bbecoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the specifications or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the only built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to
Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or the should forced off the should allowed to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply
the supply or assembly from the or its service If the horizontally, that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the near the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. Appliance ON/OFF C and function If the indicated the or as these the finish. Function Confirmation If the Child function If the function If the Chill function If the Action function If the function
First switch the the the (A), as the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. of the food the function that the following -18C the the reach -18C, introducing the the To Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. The the B. the the flashes the and the to You the choice of the the E, hear the or seconds hear the Then the shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of to the because it Attention! the the first the to the this that the displayed than the Functions activating the the functions operating. Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and The following indicated: Child function function Action function Chill function
Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the displayed the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the It to the function the and then E. Child Function The Child function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the and then E. It to the function the and then E. Function The function activated necessary) the appears (or the -18C). You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen 18C), the food. It to the function the selected the Action Function The of and food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the To the amount of food indicated the the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. To fresh foods, to the Action function. Press necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the
appear with of hours, the the the food to the as this the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. It to the function the and then E. Chill Function The Chill function to as warning when bottles the It activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this operates with of and from to the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flashing the flashing the flashing; sounding of acoustic pressed. At this bear to the the It to the function pressing the and then E. of the The with the which that it fresh food and of and The -15C and -24C. the internal of approximately -18C, which and of the foods.
Attention! the the first the to the this that the displayed than the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the Difference 5C the functioning the shows the warmest the of food first or of the products the the least hours. To the performance from this should: of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section (where the of defrosting, to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the defrosted food or cooked immediately and then cooling). increase the to indicated by: flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then it the operation showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E.
The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of these with then them the to the from the Cold the these increase the of which food the of or breakdown. They the top HINTS To the of the hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this food to to and completely and to to thaw only the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the the as they burst
of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than absolutely necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of and thoroughly. or and /or the Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the and electricity cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with of the the following the from the food; and the and the to allow to to Defrosting The frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the
TECHNICAL INFORMATION Capacity kWh/year Capacity High The technical infomation the rating the internal of the CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity supply another If properly the the service To service, that when apply the and of which found the or the rating plate located the the
INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below or the of the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. that the and shown the to supply. of the rated operation with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with regulations, consulting technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and
Rear spacers the with the there which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. carrying operations the from the To the of the as follows: To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. the with the the upright Unscrew the screws and the the cover from the and the the back the screw of the Unscrew the and Unscrew the screw and the the
using the cover the and the the cover the the that the front of the to the front of the top. the the and the hinge (that found the instruction the the screw of the cover (that found the instruction the to the and the with screws. the the the the that found the instruction Reposition, the least hours and then to the to the operations, the Service Force.. The Service the reversibility of the Warning the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with the back
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.com
ofrecerle Usted
o usted o
INDICE
ADVERTENCIAS CONSEJOS IMPORTANTS o o o chatarras. fin o
emplear +18C +43C T); +18C +38C ST); +16C +32C N); +10C +32C SN); o o o
o chatarras.
USO fin C emplear o
Child (A), (E) Chill Action -18C (A)
(B), Confirme o Child Action Chill E.
Child Child botones E. (o -18C). (-18C), Action o o reduce Action
E. Chill Chill E. E. -15C 24C.
5C o o o Un "E"
fase E. o o o
CONSEJOS reduce o o interior. o o o reducen o hinchadas,
MANUTENCIN o fin frost";
DATOS TCNICOS 18C 9C/hora Ancho COMO ACTUAR SI EL APARATO NO FUNCIONA o o
INSTALACIN sean o sean o Directivas CEE CEE CEE
fin tornillos tornillo tornillos tope tornillo
tope tornillos o
GARANTA/SERVICIO POSTVENTA ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, S.A. o o o botones, o o o o o o o informa
o o ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, 3C MADRID CIF A08145872 M-300
GARANTA EUROPEA o usted usted usted o
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.com
oferecer Tire Boa
o incorrecto o o o
NDICES o www.electrolux.com
ADVERTNCIAS CONSELHOS IMPORTANTES o o o o o o isso, as o o o as receber tornar
o as +18C +43C T); +18C +38C ST); +16C +32C N); +10C +32C SN); o o as as o o interior. NO UTILIZE OBJECTOS PONTEAGUDOS o o as o o o o o
as o o as o o o as o o o o isolantes, as o
USO FUNCIONAMIENTO o o o o C Child Chill Action
ficha o (A). o (E) o o o -18C -18C, o o (A) (B). (B), (E), o o o o (D) as (E). (E), o Child Action Chill
(D) o (E) o (D) o (E). Child Child (D) o (E) o (D) o (E). (D) o (or -18C). (E) o as (-18C), as Action as as Action
(D) o (E) (D) o (E). Chill Chill (D) o (E) o (B) as o o o (E). (D) o (E). o o o
-15C -24C. -18C, o ficou 5C o o as o o
as o o (E) o fase o (E). fornecem, o o o o o inferior, o o as as
CONSELHOS as o o as as isto o o o fornecem, o o o o o inferior, o o
o MANUTENO as as o as o o o o as frost"; isto o o internas
DADOS TECNICOS 18C 9C ASSISTNCIA TCNICA PEAS DE SUBSTITUIO o ficha o o o o
INSTALAO o o o ficha o receber ficha fio ficha o as isso as CEE CEE
o ficha as o as o o o o
o o o o as fichas o ficha as o o borracha borracha,
GARANTIA/ASSISTNCIA TCNICA o o o ASSISTNCIA TCNICA OFICIAL SERVIO DE APOIO AO CLIENTE 10H-13H 14H-17H) CONDIES DE GARANTIA o EXCLUSES DE GARANTIA manuseamento, ELECTROLUX SERVICE borracha, botes,
o MANIPULAO INSTALAO IINCORRECTA NO REGULAMENTAR EELECTROLUX SERVICE QQ NOTA NOTA o
GARANTIA EUROPEIA o o o o o o as as
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.pt