C o o INSTRUCCIONES DE USO INSTRUES DE USO INSTRUCTION BOOKLET EUFG2900 EUFG2900X GB IT ES PT
instructions GB other functions to previous these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or using the of If about of the or the Customer the The household as this instruction or the or They and and food products directly the the or bottles the Child that to the operating or the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the GB instructions of the Appliance the To the and the the Switching off and other and Food Protect the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and and Cleaning Removing the Cleaning Servicing and cleaning the To the light the Something Not Working Conditions Customer Service and Technical (to function) the Connecting the hose the the first the
of the Appliance GB A. switch Switches the and off. B. the highest the C. buttons/thermostat Used to the D. FAST FREEZE Used to switch the and off. EUFG2900/EUFG2900X with Ice C E. Lights when operating. F. shut-off Used to the off. Used to switch the and off. G. warning Flashes when of the the ACTION FREEZE
H. Lights when the locking function activated. I. locking function. Used temporary of the locking function and J. Used activation/deactivation of the function and to switch the lighting and the GB and clean the as the section "Installation". the the outlet and switching the the first upright about hours. the This allow the to to the the GB To the and the Switching Switch the the switch. The sounds the the reaches Turn off the the switch-off the Press the buttons the the (The -15C and -24C.) increases the the and off. K. lighting covered). L. Ice Activated when the the depressed. M. Lighting ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
Once the shows the the Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The the the To that that the the -18C or below. Please however, that the increases as the The built-in shows the warmest the If the measured using thermometer, the products this the the products. It that the built-in shows slightly that measured other Switching off Switch off the the switch. the second. to the completely when the disconnected. and other If the than about the flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off as the the sound The when the closed. If the -12C, the flashes and sounds. The then to flash. To switch off the Press the shut-off to switch off the The flashing. The when the the below -11C. what caused the the "Something memory The memory shows when the The memory as follows: the the below -11C the The and the to than the shut-off pressed, the then displays the warmest the the phase and the flashing. to the indication, to whether or to the products the ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
At about -12C: food products immediately to and should as as At -2C: Food products should (cooked) to eating or them. the of the food to or Switching the and off. The switched the and when the connected to and To switch off the the (F) about second. If the switched off, then the cover should the the function The The locking function activated the temporary the (I) or (J) about three seconds the (H) The locking function re-activated about three seconds. the buttons (I) and (J) the about three seconds. The (I) or (J) lights to To the locking function: the buttons (I) and (J) the about three seconds. Activation indicated the yellow (H) lighting Lighting. The lighting (M) when that the the (J) three seconds and the lighting The lighting with of its intensity. To switch off the the (J) about three seconds the lighting of The of when the (L) and the released. Stop the from the
The This function switches off the of the the To the Press and release the (J), which then lights the Press and release the (J) and the light and If increased ice-production it to the the top This function automatically. Press the hours to the food the You the fast-freeze when of food 24-hour switched off hours the pressed. pressing the once The yellow as as the "A" (ACTION FREEZE) displayed the products, the top shelves. amounts of food/provisions, the to top of the food. cover the the the products as as to allow to them. food products which to directly other food. The heat from the food the food to thaw the Once the products and them as as to each other. The food then the of too food the The capacity of the indicated the section. Food purchased Follow the the indicated the food and food should than three months. food and low-fat food to about months. food and approximately that the operating and the switching the first then should the to fresh It to thaw foods the the plate with to from Easily foods or using microwave to thaw foodstuff, follow the instructions. ACTION FREEZE
The that easy to and easily the food to the top and the and with to the indicated Cold The the food The effective when the top shelf. amounts of food/provisions, the to top of the food. shelves There the shelves the the when food products to Shelf Can the front and then the pulled this the of the necessary), the feed screw should the and GB to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. Food which to (when cool) should the to the frosting the airtight them the follow the products the section the This wasting the too the the of -18C to -20C the and clean.
Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and and Cleaning GB the The to the the when the the of the Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the Don't high cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or when cleaning the Cleaning Disconnect the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they clean and free from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. to the with the the section "Removing the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the recycled. The easy and recycling. the the front to scratching the
Servicing and cleaning the necessary, the of the and the that from the cloth and cleaning with or necessary, the and the cleaned of the from the using only cloth and that the thoroughly re-fitted. If the to to switch off the and supply, the and the cover the the the the first Defrosting Defrosting necessary. Every hours, the defrosted automatically. or other heating to defrosting. heat the interior, and the To the light The light switched when the the light the from the the around the the to the when the the with light to grease from the clear light the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the leaving the to If the to once while to the food from of G4 20W/12V
Something Not GB contacting Service Force the following the flashing (It too the It too the that the completely closed and that the and clean. If food products the of hours and then the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. It too the warmer switched The shows the highest the the indicated the and the measured another Too frost and produced. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The operates continuously. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the The switched the the section "Switching the and off". supply. Carry the the supply. The flashes the the and the the the "Connecting the too high. the the The flashes and Please Service Force Switch off the the off The by: The recently switched and the too high. the chapter "Switching and the The that the supply. Carry the the supply. the the button (I).
The Cooling or light light. Sound too high. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the The to from together. necessary, this sound the the when the to which the food products should to another that If the products following the they immediately If the food products fresh, they used, however they should or eating them. Conditions Conditions the Card. Customer concerning or futher information products, invited to Customer or phone as follows: Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded The switched reach the connecting another to the The The properly connected. Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: XXXXXXXXXXX routed the Service Force covering The of Service Force the accompanying Customer please the the heading "Something Not the Service to the following details.They found MOD PROD.NO SER:NO Purchase
Technical GB EUFG2900 EUFG2900X Height Rated hours capacity (to function) The flow the and/or Lowest Highest the where to below The connected to The connected to GB Unpack the and that and free of the immediately of the recycling. information, city office or the allow to with the The suffocation. the the the with the this Cleaning the of the using and cloth. than If than reduction from
It to the Connecting the The coupling connected to with inch thread. This to technician. The to connected with shut-off cock. There and the The hose cracked, or tight If hose than that supplied, then supply hose should used. the its location, that the correctly that there the to the or to the and that the four spacers properly the that the "run-off" and which to the the first The following should when the correctly connected to the supply the the the and the The automatically. It with when the sufficiently the first there of the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the
the each other, the spacers the wrapping should the shown the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the using the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location whose to the which the the rating the of the The following shows which each of SN ST If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The of the +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C the to grounded V. A. to the rating the the
ES usted o o o o romperse. Indice ES Indice o o usted o
A. B. C. D. (ACTION FREEZE) EUFG2900/EUFG2900X C E. F. G. ACTION FREEZE
H. I. J. botones C C.) K. L. M. ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
C o inferior. C, C. C, usted fase usted o ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
--12_C: --9_C: o o (F) (I) o (J), o (H) botones (I) (J), o (I) o (J) botones (I) (J) o (H) (M) (J) (J) (L) (J)
(J) interrumpirse A (ACCIN CONGELACIN). C o ACTION FREEZE
inferior. tornillo o C C o
recto o
introducirse red. usted Desactive G4 20W/12V
o Un usted o E.S.T SERVICE o (I). Un bombeado
EUFG2900 EUFG2900X ancho o
VVS VDE o o shock o
o o o shock o hornillo o recto pared. o o SN ST pared, +10C +32C +16C +32C +18C +38C +18C +43C Conecte V. A.
PT o o Conserve o oferecer o o o o as selective o incorrecto services o o o Indice PT Indice o o o o o o o
A. o B. C. D. (ACTION FREEZE) EUFG2900/EUFG2900X C E. F. o o G. ACTION FREEZE
H. I. o J. o o o o o o o o o (A C C o Isto o K. as L. M. ficha o o o o ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
C o isto o o o o o o ficha o o o o C, o o o C. o o o o C o o o fase o ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
C: C: o o o o (F) o o (I) (J) (H) (I) (J) (I) (J). (I) (J) (H). (M) o o (J) o (J) (L) o as
o (J) o o (J) o o o o o A (ACTION FREEZE) o o o o teor o o o o o as ACTION FREEZE
tornam o as as as Isto frontal o as o o o o o o o boa o o o o C C o o o o o o
o o o o ficha o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o as o
o o ficha bocal. o o ficha o o isto o o isto. as o Chame o o o o o G4 20W/12V
o o o o o o o bombeado o o Curve tocam as
EUFG2900 EUFG2900X o as o o boas o o o as Aconselhe--se tora
o VDE. o as o as o o o o
ficha isso o o (inclusos ficha ficha o o ficha o o o base. chave boa o o o *A +10C +32C SN ST +16C +32C +18C +38C +18C +43C o o as o o as o V. A.
www.electrolux.com MARIESTAD DT-AV