instruction EUF29400W, EUF29400X
thinking o when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
instructions other to previous these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the The foodstuff household as this instruction or the or They and and food products directly the the or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that children to the operating or the of the
instructions USE BEFORE USE DISPLAY Functions /Switch off /Switch selection Switching off Function Child Function Function fresh food Chill Function of the of the of food acoustic HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the Cleaning To the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Technical INSTALLATION the Cleaning the Guarantee/Customer Service EUROPEAN GUARANTEE www.electrolux.com
USE BEFORE USE and the as the section "Installation". Appliance ON/OFF C and function DISPLAY and acoustic If the indicated the or C the the outlet and switching the the first upright about hours. the This allow the to to the Function Confirmation If the function child If the function If the Chill function If the function If the function
First switch the the the (A), as the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. of the food the function that the following -18C the the reach -18C, the the To regulation". Functions activating the the operating. function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and The following indicated: Child function function function Chill function (or function) /Switch off /Switch selection The the (B) to the pressing the (B) the flashes the To the choice of the the (E). You hear the seconds and the displays the selected seconds, then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of to the the the first the displayed to the this that the than the Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. Attention!
Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the selected the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. It to the function the and then E. Child Function The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the and then E. Function The function activated the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen 5C and 18C), the food. It to the function the selected of the fresh food The of and food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. the food to the as this the To fresh foods, to the function. Press necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the The hours. this other foods the
This function hours. It to the function the and then E. Chill Function It activated necessary) the appears You the choice pressing within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this operates with of and from to the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flashing the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic pressed. At this bear to the the It to the function the and then E. of the The with the which that fresh food and of and food. of the The -15C and -24C. the internal of -18C, which and of the foods. the the first the displayed to the this that the than the the and when: recently selected the food the 5C the functioning the shows the warmest the of food first or of the products the the least hours. To the performance from this should: of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section (where Attention! Attention!
the of to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). increase the the to indicated by: flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then the showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E. acoustic acoustic sound when the around The indicated by: flashing of the sounding of Press the (E) to the acoustic closed): the acoustic The that easy to and easily the food to the top and the and with to the indicated Ice the to expands as Release the the If they and the affected. throw and when
shelves There the shelves the the shelf when food products to HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. Food which to (when cool) should the to the frosting the airtight them the follow the products the section the This wasting the too the the of -18C to -20C the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the
the recycled. The easy and recycling. MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the The to the the when the the of the outward/downward. Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the Cleaning Disconnect the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and clean to they clean and free from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. to the the section the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the scratching the
Defrosting Defrosting necessary. Every hours, the defrosted automatically. or other heating heat and the Disconnect the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the the to If the to once while to the food from of SOMETHING NOT WORKING To the the screwdriver the the and contacting Service Force the following the flashing warning (It too the of the type, rating of W. Please Service Force Switch off the the off The by: The recently switched and the too high. the chapter "Switching and the The that the
It too the It too the warmer switched Too frost and produced. The operates continuously. The Cooling or light light. that the completely closed and that the and clean. If food the of hours and then the the food products to allow to around them. The shows the highest the the indicated the and the measured another that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the The switched reach the connecting another to the The The properly connected.
Sound too high. the when the to which the food products should to another that If the products following the they immediately If the food products fresh, they used, however they should or eating them. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the
Technical EUF29400W EUF29400X hours Height INSTALLATION the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the only authorised service recommended the or to shock the Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. information, city office or the allow to with the The suffocation.
the the the with the this Cleaning the of the and cloth. of the attached the back of the to the the each other, the the should the shown the that the or back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire.
To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location whose to the which the the rating the of the The following shows which each SN ST If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The of the of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
the and the from the the There the that and the other the when when the to the thanks to the board. Unscrew the three screws the of the front the front cover Unscrew the the Unscrew the screw the the cover the
7.Unscrew the screws the the cover the front Reassembly the the and the To the Unscrew the screws. the the turning Press the the to which the previously fitted. the that the the section "Positioning the the to grounded V. A. to the rating plate the the
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the- reof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or the or www.electro- Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to ther of the countries below the ance with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
www.electrolux.com