Instruction EUFG29800
thinking o when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
instructions USE DISPLAY Functions Select /Switch off /Switch selection Switching off Function Child Function Function fresh food Chill Function of the of food acoustic HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the Cleaning Servicing and cleaning the To the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING TECNICAL SPICIFICATION (to function). INSTALLATION the Cleaning Connecting the hose the the first the Guarantee/Customer Service EUROPEAN GUARANTEE www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS other to these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or using the of If about of the or the Customer the The household as this instruction or the or They and and food products directly the the or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that to the operating or the of the the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type recommended the WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING
USE BEFORE USE and the as the section to and switching the the first it upright about hours. the allow the to to the Appliance ON/OFF C and function Function Confirmation Used to switch the and off. "Switching the and off". C
DISPLAY Flashes when switched and off. and acoustic If the indicated the Negative switch the the the (A), as the the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. of the food the function that the following -18C the the reach -18C, the the If the Child function If the function If the Chill function If the Action function If the function To Functions activating the the operating. function E. If there seconds the from the and tion The following indicated: Child function function Action function Chill function
Select /Switch off /Switch The the (B) to the the the flashes the tor and the to You the choice of the the E, hear the or seconds hear the Then the shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. It to the of as the the the first the to the this that the displayed than the Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. Function The function activated pressing necessary) the appears Attention! this the selected the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the It to the function the and then E. Child Function The Child function activated the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this operation through the as as this function activated. It to the function the flashes and then E. Function The function activated the appears (or the -18C). You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this the chosen 18C), the food.
It to the function the selected of the fresh food The of and food, and fresh food. The of to hours shown the To the amount of food indicated the the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. To fresh foods, to the Action function. Press necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the the food to the as this the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. It to the function the flashes and then E. Chill Function The Chill function to as warning when bottles the It activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds.You hear the and the this operates with of and from to the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flashing the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic pressed. At this to the the It to the function the flash and then E. of the The with the which that food and of and food.
The -15C and -24C. the internal of approximately -18C, wh of s. the the first the to the this that the than the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the 5C the functioning the shows the warmest the of food first or of the products the the least To the performance from this should: of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to the Attention! stated the of the section (where the of to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). increase the the to indicated by: flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then the showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E.
acoustic acoustic sound when the around The indicated by: flashing of the F. Lights when the locking function activated. G. locking function. Used temporary of the locking function and H. Used activation/deactivation of the function and to switch the lighting and the and off. I. Lighting J. Photo-electric lighting covered). K. Activated when the the depressed. sounding of Press the (E) to the acoustic closed): the acoustic Switching the and off. The switched the and matically when the nected to and To switch off or the the (D) necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. If the switched off, then the cover should the the function The The locking function activated the
temporary the (G) about three seconds the yellow (H) The locking function re-activated matically about three seconds. the buttons (G) and (H) the about three seconds. The (G) or (H) lights to To the locking function: the (G) and (H) the about three seconds. Activation indicated the (F) lighting Lighting. The lighting (I) automatically when lighting: that the the (H) three seconds and the lighting The lighting with of its intensity. To switch off the the (H) about three seconds the lighting of The of when the (K) and the released. Stop the from the The This function switches off the of the the To the Press and release the (H), which then lights the Press and release the (H) and the light and If increased ice-production to the the top This function automatically. The that and easy to the food to the top and the and with groceries to the indicated shelves There the shelves the the when food products to
Shelf Can the front and then the pulled this the functions of the necessary), the feed screw should the HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to often switch unnecessarily. there obstructions the from properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. Food which to (when cool) should the to the frosting the airtight them the follow the products the section the This wasting the too the the of -18C to -20C the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and
Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the The easy and recycling. MAINTENANCE and CLEANING the The to the the when the the of the Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the Cleaning the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. NOT the outer with the the section "Removing the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the
Servicing and cleaning the necessary, the of the and the that from the using cloth and cleaning with or necessary, the and the cleaned of the from the cloth and that the thoroughly re-fitted. If the to to switch off the and supply, the and the cover the the using the the first the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the the to If the to once while to the food from of SOMETHING NOT WORKING To the The light switched when the the light the from the contacting Service Force the following the the using screwdriver the the and of the type, rating of W. Defrosting Defrosting necessary. Every hours, the automatically. Please Service Force
flashing warning (It too the It too the warmer It too the switched Too frost and produced. The operates continuously. Switch off the pressing the off The by: The recently switched and the too high. the chapter "Switching and the The that the that the completely closed and that the and clean. If food products the of hours and then the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. The shows the highest the the indicated the and the another that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the
The switched the the section "Switching the and off". supply. Carry the necessary the supply. The and the yellow (I) flashes The and the yellow (I) flashes. The Cooling or light light. Sound too high. The to from together. necessary, this sound the the the from the and the hose too high. the the supply. Carry the necessary the supply. the the (G). The switched reach the another to the The The properly connected. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the
the when the to which the food products should to another that If the following the they immediately If the food products fresh, they used, however they should or eating them. TECNICAL SPICIFICATION EUFG29800W/EUFG29800X hours (to function). The the and/or Lowest Highest the where to below The only to The to than If than reduction from
INSTALLATION Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. information, or the allow children to with the The suffocation. the the the with the this Cleaning the of the using and cloth. Connecting the The coupling connected to with inch thread. This to technician. The to connected with shut-off cock. There and the The hose cracked, or tight If hose than that supplied, then supply hose should used. the its location, that the correctly that there the to the or to the and that the four spacers properly the
that the "run-off" and which to the the first The following should when the correctly connected to the supply the the the and the The automatically. It with when the sufficiently the first there of the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the the each other, the the should the shown the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. To the performance from the the and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If necessary the using the supplied.
there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location where the to the which the the rating the of the The following shows which each SN ST If the and the with the facing the the the and the least of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C to allow the to enough that the The of the If the authorised technician. If to the service This earthed. If the that to it of and the fitted. the from the off plug.The off should then of to the of inanother of The wires the coloured with the following and -Earth If the of the Wires the of with the the terminals as follows:
with the "E" or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the "N" or coloured the to the the which with the "L" or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the- reof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the city stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the wing and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or the or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to ther of the countries below the ance with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
www.electr o