OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS EUF14800
instructions Instructions the Cleaning the Selection How to off the of fresh foods High-Temperature of food fresh food of food PACKING DISPOSAL the and and should cled. countries where recycling the to the chased from. Customers to: Bring and corrugated board to the Bring to the Please of these with household recycling with only recyclable such PLASTIC PARTS of the with to and/or recycling. to PE HDPE; LDPE PP PS Defrosting cleaning of Something Service and Customer Condition Technical Positioning Building-in
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the cleaning or such as the light where to switch off and the frost burns straight from the This heavy. should when when as to to the cooling with The located to tors or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the to the FOR FREEZERS ONLY built-in location the or other (such as Service to this should or This should serviced authorised Service only. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning as should to the yourself. Repairs rienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service and Positioning to that the the supply If the supply with of the type or from the or from authorised service operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the clear of obstruction. which heat (such as housing, and their should exposed. Wherever the back of the should If the that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to flow back the The and to specifically the of food- only. food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. Typically, the cooling of and frost and/or build-up On Defrost frost manually, whereas frost automatically. defrosting as the mechanical or to the other than those the or pointed to off frost or the as they might
Protection This which the its or insulation The together with household or the cooling the rear the heat Information or from authorities. The this with the of The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
USE This with the which that the fresh food and long-term of food. Cleaning the the the first the and with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. ON/OFF switch with and C selection DISPLAY On" when
Operation If the light the the switch (A) to the as the the should the following:. that background and Press (C) to the High- Turn the to to the follow- -18C This with the which that the fresh food and longterm of food. this -15C to -24C turning (D). the automatically. increased turning the thermostat or reduced (colder) the turning the to- the should chosen that the the often the the of food location of Therefore, the to To fresh food and or food, the of the least C or selection At each of C, the following clockwise operation to off the To off the the A switch The to count The count from to and then off. of fresh foods The fresh food and or food. The amount of food which hours indicated the rating To food, the recommended of food rating with the or If food to the or Food to the top the To fresh food, the Press C (repeatedly, the symbol/indicator appears. The should the least hours the foods the Once the foods the the to hours the process, foods This switch off hours. the food to as shown the switched off C selection).
High-Temperature If the too high instance, the of the following indications: red; back to the the the red. the C, shows the reached the seconds, and then the and to its off the C; the operating restored. The the about indicated by: the turning red; the Press (C) to the operating the of food first the or the of least hours food If to of food and to the of and the and the food directly the (cold) shelves. Products to the capacity (where the Food instance, should within or cooked and immediately cooling to the of operation than the the of indicated the technical chart.
Ice The with the of or the food hours than the normally allowed when the of tion. This the front the top You the cooler. The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the
TIPS fresh foods To the of the process, hints: good-quality, fresh and foods. them to and to thaw food than It fact to that once the foods they and Another to that foods and than foods. too reduces the foods or polythene that the closely to the food and sealed. this with the and of the foods intact. You should once of foods than the indicated the rating the process, further and the The foods should with already foods, the This the of ready foods from the as they might burst; foods or the and to to the they covered with of food To the of hints: You should that: the foods correctly the the products brought and the as as purchase; products than the the food the too and when only as as strictly necessary; of about they should eaten straight of the as this might burns; If there when food the the of the The food affected the of and the recommended that the food within
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging there- only authorised technicians. Defrosting The whenever the operation. Defrost flows through located the the rear of the and rates. The automatically. cleaning cleaning as Clean the with and and thoroughly. To of the once year the the and the with cleaner. This operation, of the the following the from the food; and the and the to allow to to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If the functioning properly, that: too to food the recently? amount of food the recently? the properly as to allow cooling the closed correctly? the too or too the the too high? the of theap- pliance? the of the and frost build-up the food the properly wrapped? the the too or too the something the the slightly Cooling to the and repeated and off the and to back The the light flashing Please the service If properly the the service To service, that when apply specify the and of which found the or the rating located the the Malfunction
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or fective become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, house- The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY V/ HZ TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY KWH GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY THIS FIGURE IS BASED ON STANDARD TEST RESULTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH EUROPEAN STANDARD EN153. ACTUAL CONSUMPTION WILL DEPEND ON HOW THE APPLIANCE IS USED AND WHERE IT IS LOCA- TED.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PRE- VENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning The should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following The of both According to the the top and the Attention! of the tion, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of it should another of home. The the coloured accor- with the following and Earth If own the of the wires the of with the the terminals as lows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of rective) and Please that when the easily the the of
BUILDING-IN of the EUF of housing of housing of housing It that the with the following follow indications the the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the Press the covers the and the the and the the of to that of the hinges. the with screws (I) the cluded with the
(B) and (E) Apply covers (C-D) as indicated. as shown the the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of this to the of the properly. the