USER MANUAL EUF
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply it from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
of Appliances The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the CONTENTS Instructions the Information using Activation of Switching off of the frsh food food Cold Normal operating sounds acoustic and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Positioning Instruction built-in
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. Appliance ON/OFF and function C Function thermostat DISPLAY or If the function
the the the (A), as the turned the following appear the indicating that the the flashes, the background of the and hear Press (C) and the off the section the thermostat (D) and the to the following roughly -18C the of the The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to turning of this coin.The internal of the the thermostat to food the such as high necessary to To the thermostat to higher the fresh food The of food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the the foods to the of the as this the To fresh foods, to the function. Press C necessary) the appears Activation of C pressed, the following activated clockwise function. Normal Switching off The off holding (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. the off, (B) off. of hours, the foods the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. the foods to the of the as this the location. The function C "Activation of the food the other that the top further operation. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed.
food first the or the of to least hours the food. the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. To the performance from this should: of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section (where Warning the Water ices, immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to it and Cold The with If there they food hours. Thawing or food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of or the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
increase the the to indicated by: flashing flashing of sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; the red. "C" to the the highest reached the appears approximately seconds. At this the flashing and the from to white. HINTS AND TIPS Food To the from the neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to and Cleaning. acoustic acoustic sound when the than The indicated by: flashing sound. Press the (C) to the acoustic closed): the acoustic the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner.
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this cleaned with with of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Defrosting frost free, which there to manually as this automatically. of the food their life. Attention! the of causing the within to the food without its The following should once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish should and quickly. Dishes should and of Meat: there crystals within them. should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If the correctly, please the following Service Force Symptom to the The the The If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. there the there the household lights. the the thermostat to the to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN the and where located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
to this should or WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and
Reversibility The with the to the right. the the following actions to Unscrew the and the the Unscrew the and the spacer; them the the and screw the and the back the Instructions built-in Recess Height The of both According to the the top and the To allow the clearances shown Furthermore, it that the with the following
the the to the the the that it the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the the with screws the included with the (I (P Apply the the and the
Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and (E) as shown the the of the as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover
the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, it to the of the properly. cover
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk