EUN12510
informace informace to informovat o abyste of o www.electrolux.com Co informace to instalace to,
ot- abyste to tor), o Servis
Action Action Action torem "O". to: Action Action Action Action Action Action
abyste sucha. Action ty- lity,
abyste ot- to, abyste
Co teploty" to abyste
Action Action Action Action to
informace" SN +10C 32C +16C 32C ST +16C 38C +16C 43C EHS.
o by.
(E). to, abyste DX SX (C, D) (E) C
(K). by. teploty. informace o
Inhoud inclusief of of of of www.electrolux.com stopcontact, of of of
of of of of of stopcontact. of brand. of of ploffen. ont- of ontploffen, stopcontact instructies of instructies
of of Action Action stopcontact. thermostaatknop Activeer Action thermostaatknop "O" thermostaatknop thermostaatknop
of thermostaatknop Action Action activeren Action Action Action wast Activeer tion of Action deactiveren. of of of
of of of of of
of gingsproducten of stopcontact. thermostaatknop of ont-
technicus of Oplossing stopcontact. stopcontact. Action Action stopcontact. Action Action
Oplossing Producten type- SN +10C 32C +16C 32C ST +16C 38C +16C 43C
EU.
(E). DX rech- of SX
(C, D) (E) C
(K). of informatie of
information and information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to Thinking of of www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical to without (latch) the or to that the This it from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the
It to the or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. the the and the they food products directly the the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which If the cover If the If to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the clean the with to frost from the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used.
Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the light Action light Action switch Acoustic switch light Switching the the Turn the clockwise to The light light If the the too high the light Active the Action function. Switching off To off the the to the "O" The light switch off. The regulated. To the as the to the cold- ness. the higher to the coldness. the to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the the should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced Action function You the Action function pressing the Action switch. The Action light light This function hours. It to the function pressingAction switch. The Action light switch off. increase the to indicated flashing of the light. the light switch off automatically.
Acoustic acoustic sound when the the to where the of food First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh food the Action function least hours the food to the the food to the top The amount of food that hours specified the rating plate located the of the The hours: this other food to fro- of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). and To the of the process, hints: restored, the acoustic the Acoustic switch to the acoustic or as these the fin- ish. The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of these with then them the to the from the the of food which shown the rating
the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; and cleaning the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they clean and from and thoroughly. or and/or the highly cleaning products or to the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the ance and electricity to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason that the outer of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost thickness of about About hours to defrosting, the higher to the operation. To the frost, follow the instructions below: Switch off the
food, layers of newspaper and cool with to the the and the tic the seating the to the to the defrosting of the of that defrosting What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this The The light flash. The connected to the correctly. The There the The light flashes. The properly. If The switched off. Switch the defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Switch the or three hours, the food the Warning! to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting, their life. of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the to the correctly. ance to the
The light flashes. The the too high. The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. The Action function switched The the too The Action function switched The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the Products too to each other. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to Technical of the The rectly. The correctly. The correctly. If necessary, the the Service to higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the to "Action function". higher to "Action function". the crease to products the products that there higher
The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the follow these the and the the the spacer. With the On the Tighten the the spacer. the Tighten the The the
the that the freely. the following the the the the of the arrows the cover the that the the and the front-edge the the of the arrows the the of the that the clearance the ance and the the the The cover the that the the and the correct. the the cover the to the with screws. the the and the
the from the cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the covers (E) to the C Disconnect the and the the of the the the the and the of the
together the and the and the the and of from the of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. the and the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, Press the the to that: screws The attached tightly to the If the the the of the The of the increases when the increases. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
toute toute toute tions. fabrication, toute tout hors Thinking of www.electrolux.com Sous tout service toute Toute
tout hors services Attention tion s'asphy- refroidis- offrant Un tation rallonge. tion. fiche
Un instructions instructions pectives. botes tout tranchant instructions fournies instructions tout service
Protection C.F.C. Thermostat Action Action bouton thermostat s'allume. Activer fonction Action bouton thermostat "O". bouton thermostat bouton thermostat Toutefois, thermostat formation thermostat Action Freezefonction activer fonction Action touche Action Action s'allume. fonction bout fonction touche Action Action
tous conserver Action Conservation service thermostat touche finition. section refroidis). fonction
tion. toucher toute recharge tous toute basse JAMAIS performances
clayettes bouton thermostat instructions fin tion. marche. couche servation. tous tous formation
fiche fonction- fonction Action fonction Action thermostat thermostat fiche Action Action
thermostat SN C C ST C C Service phase) V. NF.C.15100 borne NF.C.
tion tion tions ches cache
cache cache (E). DX, SX caches (C, D) fixation
caches (E) C (K)
recyclage Toutes basse recyclage services l'achat.
zerinformation, of www.electrolux.com To-
offene Brand Brand- Gase
Action Action Action "O".
Ist Action Action Action Action Action Action Action
Was-
lenwasserstoffe; Fachpersonal warmem hat. offen warmem
Ist
offen. Action Action Action Action
Informationen SN +10C 32C +16C 32C ST +16C 38C +16C 43C EU-
hinter
(E). DX SX (C, D) (E) C
(K)
hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
of www.electrolux.com
Action Action Action "O"
Action Action Action Action Action Action Action
potban,
helyre.
Nincs Action Action "Action "Action
(I. IKIM (A++ SN-N-ST-T A+
besoro- SN +10C +32C +16C +32C ST +16C 38C +16C 43C EGK
(E). (C, D) (E) C tor
(K). helyre.
www.electrolux.com Onlineshop www.electrolux.at www.electrolux.be commander www.electrolux.be www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.hu