A/E/26-2. INSTRUCTION BOOK FREEZER EUT
This instruction information and helpful hints and To this effectively and please this instruction or this and reference. The below to things easily: and information information information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS IMPOR These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the If the supply from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its lead, particularly when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and int the they burst when the Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to Warning The isobutane (R within the of the with high of which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to
Instructions the to the instruction Information Instructions the Information of the Appliance Lights Facility the Appliance To the Appliance Thermostat Food Food Ice Cubes and Food the of and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions C C ONTENT ONTENT Instructions the Technical Specifications the Appliance Transportation, Unpacking Location
INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS OR THE USER OR THE USER INS information This the and of food of the Appliance (with Plate A) Light B) Light C) Light and Switch D) Thermostat To operation, the should located where the C. Defrost outlet Thermostat
Lights The lights the Light the switched the the light and to the switched off the Light hours the light to that the reached the chosen and to that everything It the instance, the or food the the light should when the to the Light and Switch the switched-on of the switch and lights pressing) the operates continuously the achievable the D.)Thermostat This and the the food should the and the top The
the Appliance and the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to the and switch the supply. the switch to the right light and to hours to allow the to reached food The light the reached. the reached the and the light the switch back to the Thermostat The within the the thermostat the Turning the thermostat clockwise the progressively Food It that fresh food the and that the food already the heated as as If than of food to the fast switch to the right hours the fresh food the the light The continuously, to that the fresh food as as the food the and the switch further hours.
Then the switch (the yellow light and the switch to its The (raspberry, strawberry, should the thin without they and then the If the switch the wasted. Food first the or the of to least hours with the switch food. the indicated the the or than necessary. the immediately from the burn. items from the as this or burns. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to thaw and and Tips) Thawing or food, to used, or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Defrosted cooked food To Cubes the with the and to To the the or it seconds. try to that to the pointed or Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive home, the food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated the
the to of heat, such as or the and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER highly cleaning products or to clean the as these the and Cleaning the with Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity Cleaning Cleaning the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without its The following should Cream: Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh the Appliance the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to Defrosting The become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of frost this operation to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty.
To defrosting: the from the supply. If the the thermostat to food, layers of newspaper and cool the the of the of the to the of the arrow and of the shown. If the correctly, please the following Service Force to the The the too high The the too frost and built The If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service Something Not Working the There The Thermostat The located The thermostat too The thermostat too high. The Something the The The defrosting, the the of the cooling cloth or It collected the of the from where the and then of. To the defrosting of the and the completed, the thoroughly, the and the Turn the thermostat back to and to least hours with the switch the previously food. of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as this the should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. there the there the household lights. the blown. the thermostat the within the operating of C to C. that the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to the nothing the from closing. the and clean. the four should the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk service the of Ireland Telephone: concerning or further information products, invited to Coustomer or as follows: Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus Cus please the the heading Something Not the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase
that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. Conditions Conditions EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical Specifications Height (kWh/year) class, to EU capacity Rated (W) the Transportation, The and the protected and of white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or or the or the EUT The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat location where the to the which the The found the The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C
The to operation. shows the when A* or The clearance of the reduced to clearance of the freestanding The the the the front of the If the washer If the of the as follows: Disconnect the from the electricity supply. the backwards, resting the top of the or something Unscrew the both the front the the screws. the from the of the the the the the off. A/E/26-2.
the the location. the the the the the and the assembly to the location and the screws. the assembly the that the of the with the of the To the as follows: screw covers fitted) and screws. the using the to the and screws (covers fitted), and the with the instruction the where the previously to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to
reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. The the The should connected to the of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE Printed