EUG
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the food acoustic of food Cold of food cleaning Defrosting Technical information Customer service and Location Instructions built-in
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should hhouse and the that the wwith the that the wwith tthe functioning of the the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from bbecoming death-trap child. These the of You them or using the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the It to the specifications or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or
This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or using the provided. should forced off the should to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply
the or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours connecting the to allow the to flow back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling tthe the heat Information from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. On/OFF light ON/OFF C (warmest) A. Light ON/OFF B. ON/OFF ON: Press the (B). The light (A) switches OFF: the (B) the light (A) and the switched off. frost light frost light C E. buttons The -15C and -24C. the (C or E), the flashes the It to the with flashed
To warmer (C). To colder (E). The the selected seconds and then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. Attention! the the first the displayed to the this that the than the D. functioning the shows the the Attention! the and when: recently selected the food the F. frost light G. frost To fresh foods, the frost function activated. Press the frost (G).The light (F) switches The function the (G), otherwise switches off. With function the light (F) switches off. H. light I. the of the the light (H) to and sound. the to the warning light (H) to flash, although the the (I) pressed, the warmest reached the flashes the (D). If the off food should as as or cooked and then
the the Press the ON/OFF (B). The switched The to -18C. this reached hours. as the switched the (D) shows the the the light (H) flashes and sounds. Press the (I). The and the light (H) to the reached. fresh food The of food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. To fresh food, the (G). the food to the The of food which shown the rating Warning! the function to used: about about acoustic acoustic sound when the than The indicated by: flashing sound. Press the (C) to the acoustic restored closed): the acoustic Introducing of fresh food (about Introducing the of food rating Introducing food Introducing of fresh food
of food first or of the products the the least hours the To the performance from this should: of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section (where If there when food the the of the The food aaffected the of sshort to hours) the otherwise, that the food sshould within increase of the food shortens its Cold The which increas the of or breakdown. They located the Thawing or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of these with then them the to the from the
HINTS To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the the as they of food To the performance from this should: that the commercially the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning cleaners chemicals that the plastics this tthis reason recommended tthat tthe outer casing of this cleaned with with Clean the with and of and thoroughly. Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity Defrosting The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the
TECHNICAL INFORMATION The technical infomation the rating the internal of the CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity another the correctly. If there the of the that the Defrosting section). INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. If properly the the service To service, that when apply the and of which ffound the or the rating plate located the the
that the and shown the plate to supply. of the rated with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and modifications.
Instructions built-in of the Height reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. Furthermore, that the with of the following
www.electrolux.com