INSTRUCTION BOOKLET EUU EUU UK
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions Starting Warning light (red) acoustic food food Ice Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Something Not Working? Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in Instructions Building the the plinth
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply the supply autho- service or of the type. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the ance, that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the Child allow children to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once carbonated or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the
Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of autho- the and that or catches to children
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. warning EUU1172) light (yellow) Starting the the The activated/deactivated the ON/OFF ton.When the light this shows that the The within the the thermostat the of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to turning of this coin. The internal of the matically the thermostat to food the such as high and to To the thermostat to higher the Warning light (red) light ON/OFF Thermostat Warning light (red) If the warning light lights that the within the reached where the food the first switched the warning light the to the of food. acoustic EUU1172) This incorporates which off whenever the warning light This temporarily the fast-freezing The released as as the light off. fresh food hour to of food. the fast-freeze ton hours to fresh
food, the yellow light This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as this the amount of food, the top Once the food completely (which to hours) the to the the yellow light off. the food the other that the top further operation. top fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. To the performance from this that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the food- to the the shortest increase of the food its It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the or it than necessary. the immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". If there the of food, the the whole of the If the loaded, the food affected the of otherwise, recommended to the food within To the as follows: the to then upwards food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Defrosted cooked food The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the to free that to the or pointed
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with towel food. and ination using the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its ty. Partially food within hours. the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
DEFROSTING The become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thick- of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty. To as follows: layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the the the three defrosting completed, the that collected the and the thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to and, the least hours the the previously food the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as the the of causing within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals with- them. should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore only autho- technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POW- DERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PROD- UCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTE- RIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. products. cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to S.I.013
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the to the The the too high The The continuously frost and built If the there Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the house- lights. the the thermostat turned to the to the within the operating of 10C to 38C. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. defrosting to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN153. the and where located. INSTALLATION Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or cold- then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE D207 AMP BROWN BLUE CORD CLAMP If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
BUILDING-IN INSTRUCTIONS carrying the from the the (A) of the from the Right the right (B) of the from the To the the as lows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. To the of the as shown the DO002/2 DO001
Attention of the tion, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the DO013
with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front plate to the or right. If necessary, the to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where N.B. The (B) to assembled the the recess. Right II52
Screw and the with screws through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C C C
UPPER PART OF KITCHEN FURNITURE PANEL LOWER PART OF KITCHEN FURNITURE PANEL
the covering the plinth the operation of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the tion, height of plinth to the The plinth of from the DO008
ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE