Instructions ARCTIS
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location Building-in of the of the ack to Initial and Warning Starting and Switching the and toring Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and C What to Correcting Malfunctions Regulations, Technical Customer Conditions
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the home. It of fresh food and food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the the supply from the or Service Force The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food causing Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling Warning mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. Instructions
This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this
of correctly, the and health, which other- caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Location The should and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If near the the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
and instructions to. Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the The integrated of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The to exhausted upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least Warning To the correctly or the Building-in Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to of the Height of housing of housing of housing It that the least
The of both According to the the top and the Press the covers the and the the the housing (A) touches the the with screws the included with the (I
SApply covers (C-D) the (B) and cover (E) as shown the the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied.
the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. At the of to the of the properly. Should of the necessary, the clearance of cover
correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the The or If please Service Force
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
of the of the food and food and fresh food only) food only) plate The to the from when To the cleaning them as as the and
ack There of the to the section to Initial concerning of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to hours. The this the the front, the food. You the cooling to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and the from the the to the top the of 18C reached. the cleaning the
and the when built-in! light Thermostat C light to switch off the tone Warning light (red) The light (A) which switching the to the operates sound The light which when the switched and the this switch the automatically. The thermostat (B) the of the food. The tio -18C and the ther- The fast-freeze (D) with its light (C) The yellow light when the switch (D) operated. The then operates continuously. The light when: the the reached; the amounts of fresh food or the too the or the
immediately, This that the the to and allow hours the to further Turn the thermostat to the with the of coin. The and then automatically. The light the reached of -18C, or the light food. Warning The of light (red) and acoustic The warning light and the warning tone the the too Warning The warning light and the warning tone sounds the the warmer than -12C. increase the the caused or of the of food; high malfunction the cooling Switch off the tone the The light The warning light the reached the reached, the to switch off the function. The yellow light when the switched the first the warn- light and the tone the the reached. and
Starting and Turn the thermostat (B) the of sound only The and then automatically. The (E) and the sound the sound the switch (D) The light the switch (D) once The yellow (C) when the light (E) should the fast- (D). The yellow light (C) and the warn- activated The (B) to the -18C or highest, warmest internal means: lowest, internal Recommended to the light (E) and the thermometer that the tained. Switching the To switch off the the thermostat to tion If the to as as ice-trays. Switch off the turning the to tion the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Defrost and thoroughly section: Defrosting and the to the of
and toring You fresh food yourself. The the 18C or cold- food. Please the capacity the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire guisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the Press the the of fresh food. The light To the rated capacity, switch the switch hours to (the light amounts the switch should switched hours If the function manually, the switch off the tion hours. The light
foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the food and the food the food to the top and with their shelves. food items already otherwise the food to and should of food. food the type, as as Once the food the The light Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating The to foods with high
Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. Defrosting and when the as frost the the This frost from to using the plied. or pointed this The should defrosted when the of frost reached thickness of Defrost should once of the amount of frost that built defrosting when the or only amount of food. Each reduces the of food. Around hours defrosting switch to to the food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process. they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food and Switch the function hours defrosting to food sufficiently food, of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply.
the the location to as and neath to the To the defrosting process, with the and the of that they completely defrosting, thoroughly clean the and or "Cleaning and section). to switch the function off Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or clean the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and of newspaper. it cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch off the and
Clean the and the with cloth and of and used. cleaning with fresh and To of the once the the and the with cleaner. everything switch to the ance or three hours, ready food. and closing the of whilst it ation, immediately to the the closed the and the equalised. easily the the boilers, or other of heat. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. than necessary. the the the thermometer. food the to The the food then to cool the
What to Correcting Malfunctions Please whether the lights the operates, and the internal other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force If the and the the the and the food the food of about hours. If the without the reduced to about hours. Appliance light light light yellow light lights when the tion activated. light light when the function activated, too Appliance cools too cold. Symptom Appliance switched or blown or Please inform light Service Force Please inform light Service Force Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporaily.
The The light lights sounds. of frost, possibly the The immediately the Appliance light Please inform technical service the light and thermometer to establish that the tained. Symptom too cold. of food the ance within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. What to Turn the thermostat to warmer temporarily. Please the Initial section. the as as necessary. Press the Press the ton. Please the Location section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed hand such that correctly. The of
The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. Humming as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or futher information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply ted the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only stically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
AEG D-90327 to without