ARCTIS and Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ
Housing Height operation please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with Supplementary information and and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the cloverleaf. of the appear this to owners of the to Dear customer, Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk To and please
Appliance Information of Appliances and the and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions Service and Customer Conditions Positioning the Housing Regulations, This should location where the to the indicated the rating The following shows which each which located the the of the +16C to 32C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C Positioning reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS The aspects of with and the Appliance Nevertheless, it obligation to of the following infor- mation: The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please regulations to that caused. lowing coloured red. coloured as follows: and Earth The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the the the sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious the should the of please the The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children wraps, There off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the Please to the of suffocation! from
when (there of suffocation!) or themselves children the household It therefore that and with the other AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and only the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the or the house or switch off the the the of malfunction tongue and the food. If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there repaired service repairs to If please Service Force or please further repairs yourself. Customer Service.
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which free of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that them- the of suffocation!) or themselves The of with or The the heat the back of the >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. recycling location. Appliance Information without as other of Appliances The purchase telephone service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the the or its that this treated as household Instead and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information household service or the where purchased the to the the recycling of about recycling of this please city office, The LU4 QQ Bedfordshire AEG Appliances to this recorded and from the of the The and the protected off the the and right of the
and Please the location" section. switch, the sed, inform Switch the service Malfunction the The heat The light lights sounds FROSTMATIC function ON/OFF FROSTMATIC light G. H. A. B. C. D. E. F. I. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. the slightly. The tight the hinges). The touching the or other Appliance of frost, the The the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the DESIRED buttons, C or E. hours. The of If necessary, the of the touching another of the the of the or the This occurred. The immediately the The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers.
What to Correcting Malfunctions or Customer Service. malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to fied service repairs to the If please The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED the (ACTUAL displayed. ACTUAL If the OFF, ON/OFF button. The Press the I to the the light flashes the Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently the DESIRED currently flashes the The light flashes and the sounds. the the food the C. reached. Ice light Appliance ted, light lights when light light or Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the blown or corrected malfunctions to activated, when fuction light light properly Appliance cools too too cold. light faulty. service Please inform light service Please inform porarily. tor to warmer Turn the section. Please the "Initial the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling FROSTMATIC sounds light lights The hours. food the of within the Press the switch switch necessary. Press the free- the as as The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the protects already from ton. The light
switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The light the of the the to the warning light (H) the pressed, the warmest reached the flashes the seconds). To the light (H) to and sound. to flash, although the Switching the Appliance off the I. food and the food from the food Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and of the increases this reason the the back of the once allow such to with Commercially used. layers of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and cleaning with fresh and with or cleaner. or the from or the or cleansers which cleansers. butyric The back service. to the of Attention! To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly If the to Finally, the to of and food section: Cleaning and of off off. the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the the back of the cover colder than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first. The the C or food. You fresh food.
of of The the The months the to foods with high Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The Please the capacity the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- the food the food to food items already otherwise the food Press the hours introducing fresh food free- Please the specified the high the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the right through to the as as of fresh food. The yellow light the other to to the food. Defrosting Switching off the The of the defrosted. and Cleaning and as as trays. the to the of Switch off the holding the ON/OFF If the to the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning Warning! should cleaned regularly. reasons the interior, including Preparation of Cubes from the or switch off or the or The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the clean the with cleaner. of shock! the with the To the the or try to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to
Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high The the The months the of of Please the capacity the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- the food the food to food items already otherwise the food Press the button hours introducing food free- Please the specified the high the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the right through to the as as of fresh food. The light the other to to the food. The of the defrosted. Switching off the Defrosting the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF as as trays. the to the of Cleaning and and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! Preparation of Ice Cubes The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the the with cleaner. of shock! from the or switch off or the or the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to
the FROSTMATIC The yellow light switch off the FROSTMATIC function The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually the I. Switching the Appliance off to flash, although the light (H) to and sound. the of the the to the light (H) the pressed, the warmest reached the flashes the seconds). To the food and the food from the food Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and of the increases this reason the the back of the once allow such to with Commercially used. layers of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and cleaning with fresh and year with or cleaner. or the from or the or cleansers which cleansers. butyric The back service. to the of Attention! off. off of section: Cleaning and and food Finally, the to of If the to To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the the back of the cover colder than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first. You fresh food. food. The the C or colder
malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to fied service repairs to the If please or Customer Service. Correcting Malfunctions What to The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. ACTUAL If the OFF, ON/OFF The Press the I to the the light flashes the Press the C or E The switches and the pressing the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently the DESIRED currently flashes the The light flashes and the sounds. the the food the C. reached. malfunctions to corrected blown or Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or light light fuction yellow light lights when ted, Appliance light Please the "Initial section. Turn the tor to warmer porarily. Please inform service light Please inform service light faulty. properly too cold. Appliance too light light when activated, the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The only this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling FROSTMATIC the only as as necessary. Press the free- switch Press the fast switch within the of food the hours. The light lights sounds The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the protects already from ton. The yellow light
and Please the location" section. switch, the sed, inform Switch the service Malfunction the The heat The light lights sounds light FROSTMATIC ON/OFF buttons FROSTMATIC function I. F. E. A. B. C. D. G. H. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. the slightly. The tight the hinges). The touching the or other Appliance of frost, the buttons, C or E. DESIRED connected to the The the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The of If necessary, the of the touching another of the the of the or the This occurred. The immediately the indicated flashing numbers. The that selected the The DESIRED
the of service, or to purchase please routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that children them- the of suffocation!) or themselves The of with or The the heat the back of the >PE< the covering and the the interior. waste-paper recycling location. Appliance Information without as other of Appliances lows: please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or Appliances the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information household service or the where purchased the about recycling of this please city office, The to this recorded AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 QQ and from the of the The and the protected off the the and right of the
other and children with the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves the household It therefore that AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and only the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the tongue and of malfunction the the or the house or switch off the with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. Customer Service. please further repairs yourself. If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there only repaired service repairs to If please Service Force or
The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the Alterations or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please regulations to that caused. The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. The the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. the should the of please the The contained within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the of suffocation! from
Appliance Information of Appliances and Starting the and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions Service and Customer Conditions Positioning the Housing Regulations, This should only location where the to the indicated the rating The following shows which each which located the the of the +16C to 32C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C Positioning reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
Housing please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Supplementary information and and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the cloverleaf. of the appear this to owners of the to Dear This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
ARCTIS and Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ