ARCTIS and Instructions AEG D-90327
operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances and Starting and Ice and food Preparation of Cubes Food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working Service and Conditions Locatio Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the free- and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that or to the reasons of to caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the from children trapped
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the the ght from the the Service food. This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of The plastics and as follows: recycling location. sound. Appliance Information
Location which located the of the This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to to the to as of Appliances SN to C to C of instructions. correctly. The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the and from the of the The and the protected clear of obstruction; reasons, as shown Attention:
and C C The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. C (warmest) ON/OFF light light (red) ON/OFF light A. C. D. G. H. B. E. F. I. A. Light ON/OFF The coloured connected to the N or The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the with the coloured the the of the the of this and Earth as follows: coloured red. AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP (B) the light (A) and the Press the (B). The light (A) switches C E. switches off. OFF: ON: the (C or E), the flashes the It to the while the To warmer (C). To (E). The the ted seconds and then to the the The selected reached within The -15C and -24C. hours. B. ON/OFF CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
Conditions Conditions Slough domestically, household. The cover the instruction to to the following the country of this or of products. of and to and The purchasers rights affected this The from the first purchased The or includes both and This relates to and to another repairs become the property of AEG. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The account country. within the Community (EC) or This cover such as light or plastic. The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service UK shop). tation. the the first the to the this that the displayed than the D. Attention! the shows the of the warme- of 5C the shown the and the the and food the the the recently selected F. light food the when: Attention! The function switched off If to switch off the function, the matically switch off once the (G), the light (F) switch off. Warning! G. Introducing of fresh food (about to the FROSTMATIC function: about Introducing the of fresh food rating Introducing of fresh food Introducing food about
the of the the to the light (H) the (I) pressed, the warmest reached warning light (H) to and sound. to flash, although the Sound with the flashes the (D). light If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: Service and to This incorporates which off sound when the than seconds. The closing the Please type of telephoning. This information found the plate the the The and 3.Clear and of the and Customer the telephone to know: (S-No.) (PNC) What the of purchase of the Please the and to the Press the ON/OFF (B). The switched The as the switched the (D) shows the the the light (H) The and the light (H) to the to -18C. this reached hours. the the supply. Press the (I). reached. and sounds. and the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the food. You There of the the cooling AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer to this recorded the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances
sounds light lights The properly hours. food the of within the Symptom necessary. the as as section. Please the "Initial The the C or Please the capacity the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The warmth foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the food food with the food the food to as shown items already otherwise the food to Press the hours introducing fresh food The yellow light other food. to the food. and food the of frost, The heat hinges). the tight Press the switch rectly. the C). At the than hand the sections of the with location" section. Please the the immediately The occurred. This please AEGService Force If, carrying the there with of The or breakdown. customers should that the as the the Please that of purchase service D670
the with the To the the or to that to the using pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to foods the type, as as Preparation of Ice Cubes foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food than necessary. of the as as necessary. then to cool the first. attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high Food If the functioning correctly, please the following AEG Service Force Warning! Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious Something blown or Switch the Appliance switched or Appliance light The become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this to when the becomes thick the off the supply or to the should as follows: Defrosting malfunctions to corrected Press the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too Please inform AEG Service Force light Please inform AEG Service Force light faulty. light light when activated, light light fuction yellow light lights when ted,
Cleaning and should cleaned regularly. reasons the including Warning! from the electricity supply. to the of The back service. carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. and shock! mechanical or to the Press the button to the or the of the food defrosting thawing other than those recommended the Once defrosting completed the to off the frost the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or the the the the the and their life. the ON/OFF cool Warning! Warning! butyric cleansers. or the from Ethereal and cleansers which allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switching off the the thoroughly. everything the back service. from the electricity supply. Switch the off and the from the or and with of to of Clean the and the with To switch off the the ON/OFF or from Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning If the to the to the of as as trays. the or switch off. the electricity supply. and tion of the the or other of warmth. High the and the back
reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. and shock! The back service. to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! Cleaning and Press the to the or the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting thawing other than those recommended the Once defrosting completed the to off the frost the food from the of newspaper and Switch off the and the or the the the the the and their life. the ON/OFF cool Warning! Warning! allow such to with cleansers which food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and or the from cleansers. butyric Switching off the Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with and with of to of everything the back service. the thoroughly. To switch off the the ON/OFF or from Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning If the to the to the of as as trays. the or switch off. the electricity supply. and the or other of warmth. High the and the back tion of the
Preparation of Cubes the type, as as and to seconds. the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food than necessary. of the cover as as necessary. then to cool the first. Food foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to The the of to which type of foods the attaching the included index-tabs to the they If the functioning correctly, please the following AEG Service Force Warning! Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious Something Not or Switch the Appliance switched or Appliance light Defrosting defrosting should as follows: off the supply or to the foodstuffs. The become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this to when the becomes thick the malfunctions to corrected Press the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too Please inform AEG Service Force light faulty. Please inform AEG Service Force light light light when fuction activated, light light fuction light lights when ted,
Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Symptom within the of food the hours. properly The light lights sounds please of to of that the or their and that of The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- capacity the of food that within of hours. If to food rating The of the food when it Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as tridges the with food Press the hours food the food the food to as shown items already otherwise the food to introducing fresh food The yellow light other food. to the food. and food Please the location" section. sections of the with the than hand C). At the the rectly. Press the switch tight the hinges). The heat of frost, the should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service or breakdown. The of If, carrying the necessary there with please AEGService Force This occurred. The immediately the D670
light the flashes the (D). Sound with to flash, although the warning light (H) to and sound. the of the the to the warning light (H) the (I) pressed, the warmest reached If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: Service and to closing the This incorporates which off sound when the than seconds. The Please type of telephoning. This information found the plate the the The and 3.Clear and of the and Customer the to (S-No.) (PNC) What the of purchase of the Starting and and sounds. reached. Press the (I). the the supply. to -18C. this reached hours. Please the and to the Press the ON/OFF (B). The switched The as the switched the (D) shows the the the light (H) The and the light (H) to the the cooling There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the food. You AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer to this recorded the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances
The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. The or free includes both and This relates to and to another The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions the the first the displayed to the this that the than the D. Attention! the shows the of the warme- of 5C the shown the and the the displayed and food the the the recently selected F. light food the when: Attention! The function switched off If to switch off the function, the matically switch off once the (G), the light (F) switch off. Warning! G. Introducing of fresh food (about to the FROSTMATIC function: about Introducing the of fresh food rating Introducing of fresh food Introducing food about
C C and The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. ON/OFF light light (red) light ON/OFF (warmest) I. F. B. E. A. C. D. G. H. C A. Light ON/OFF The coloured connected to the N or The and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. the terminals The the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP B. ON/OFF The -15C and -24C. the (C or E), the flashes the It to the while the flashing. To warmer (C). To (E). The the ted seconds and then to the the The selected reached within hours. switches off. C E. buttons Press the (B). The light (A) switches (B) the light (A) and the ON: OFF: CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them inoperable. from the or Council or Health Office to there or to trapped to the to as of Appliances The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the correctly. instructions. of to C SN to C and from the of the The and the protected reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction;
Service the ght from the the the from the electricity supply. with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high Ice or frost/freezer burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or Appliance Information sound. recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of
with Please the which apply to (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the free- and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that or to the reasons of to caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from
Appliance Information of Appliances and and and food Preparation of Cubes Food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Service and Conditions Locatio Regulations,
Integrating ARCTIS and Instructions AEG D-90327