JL LFW Instruction JLDV
Information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the owner to the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or using the If of the of the these the branch from which purchased the This heavy. should when to this should or to that the the supply which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions This should to allow the to switching the that the light and cover the they Child This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the from the to scrapped, off the supply and the with the the catch to children from becoming while This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the or the of the or other with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and the the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply the the or inf or tion and cleaning of this Instruction Service This should serviced uthorized and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction.
hints To and the that follow these hints. the to of heat such as or the and that of the obstructed. to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. Information please of the with to and the with the the cooling the the heat with Council or Health Office to there recycling this the to scrapped, off the supply and the to children from trapped This which the its or insulation Warning off serious (shock) that the off of The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the Information of the Appliance The the and and Cleaning Removing the Cleaning the the light the Something Not Working Repairs Service the Technical Specifications ation and the the to the Instruction The following found the to throughout the instructions: instructions and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and
of the Appliance shelf bottle- and bottle and
It to the or to this to that the the supply to this should or Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height VOLUME ELECTRICAL CONNECTION ENERGY CLASS RATED POWER NO SE NET WEIGHT Information the the rating the of the 70W
positioning the the and the from the the the shelves the the the the of the of the of the and the and the and the with the this and the To the performance the should once with New purchased from Service Force office. On the to the of of the the and the should the the turned The cover the the right of and turning the outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover. The should from the the each other, the spacers the should the shown the that the or back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves that the hose the of the the The of the
To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the using the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the and least The directly the or If immediately the there should the of and least the top of the and the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves that the hose the of the the The of the
the and the from the the There the that and the other the board when when the to the thanks to the board. On the of the the the other On the of the Unscrew the the from the and the the other Then the the from the of the the from the the other screwdriver to the Then the the the the height of the with the with the the and the To the Unscrew the screws. the the turning Press the the to which the previously fitted. the Check that the the section the
location whose to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each of +10C to +32C SN ST and the sect "I C hat hose of the the the the outlet and switching the the first upright about hours. This allow the to to the the +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Should the supply to replaced, this Service Force The should this switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating plate.The rating plate located the of the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA BS 1363/A used. Should the to reason, as below. The the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals Proceed as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the "E" or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the "N" or coloured the to the the which with the "L" or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. WARNING: off serious (shock) that the off of The the The should connected to the supply of the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
The switch Switches the and off. Shows the the button/thermostat Used to the the QUICK CHILL Used to switch the and off. Lights when operating. shut-off button Used to the off. warning Flashes when of the the ACTION COOL
the To the and the Switching Switch the the switch. the Press the buttons the flashes the (The C and C.) the lowers the Once the shows the the reaches C or below. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The thermostat the previously the the C. the of the The which the of C warmer than the selected Measuring the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. to allow to freely the products. (freshly cooked) products the they cooled foods properly. and other If the than the warning flashing and hear sound. To switch off the Press the shut-off The when the closed. This function areas. One with bottles the shelf, and the other when amounts of food within the ACTION COOL ACTION COOL ACTION COOL
Chilling of cans/bottles: and bottles the section; bottle and and shelf) the should turned to then the This indicated the with "C" and the Chilling of groceries: This function with amounts of groceries the Pressing the this function. This indicated the with "C" and the yellow this function activated forced the groceries, and the the to C. hours the off and the back to its It to switch the to and once the food function: The built-in that other without affecting their or Switching off Switch off the the switch. the second. to the completely when the disconnected. The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the the to They the with should with the facing the of the The to increase the of the and reducing The with to MIN MAX C ACTION COOL ACTION COOL
and The bottle and to the or right, or front to back to of and bottles front of the To allow the to when the backwards. chilling of or bottles the should centrally front of the to the chilling The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of this and heading Chill. shelf: The shelf of the To the performance the should the from the top. of the bottle- and the Chill shelf with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. Food To the from foods which should the food from and clean, to cleaning and
and Cleaning You the icity supply, ore cleaning or Removing the tio The tion o the when removing the the of outwa Then o completely Cl Clean the Don't high cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or when cleaning the the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to when cleaning the of the to and thoroughly. the and to they clean and from the of the and cloth. the outer with the and the Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity moving the the front to scratching the Defrosting the The defrosted every the formation by: the the or too To the light This with clear light The light switched when the If the and to replaced; the from the the containing the the to the when the the with light to grease from the the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the leaving the to If the to once while to the food from of G4 20W/12V
Something Not Working If correctly, contacting the warranty the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the Sympton displayed the the (The cooling to food products cold, the warranty service and It too the food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. It too the warmer Water the that the hose the back of the the the chapter the the first The operates continuously. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The Cooling or light light. Sound too high. The sounds. sound; ticking sound and The sound sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the or s, or should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service reach the another to the The or switched The The properly the
Repairs Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: They Service Force please the the heading "Something Not Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The purchase and found The and of the (found the rating that these hand, to of them PNC:................................................ S.N.:................................................. covered year and of Please purchase the service to the purchase authorised service should service this and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force authorised service
Partnership Street SW1E 5NN