ARCTIS Integrated and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ
Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) switching please these instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances and Starting and and Food Preparation of Cubes Food Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not Service and Conditions Positioning Appliance Regulations, This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please directly allowed. The of the If the the and instructions to. Considering the numerous tion which there of It necessary to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal of the which high, the to the instructions. information of to C SN to C reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; Appliance
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS Please this instruction using the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the free- and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that or to the reasons of to caused. coloured red. coloured as follows: and Earth The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the the the sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the from children trapped
the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the Service The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform Service service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. This relates to and to another The or includes both and The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PS< the which of The from and should of >PE< the outer covering and the the The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. sound. Appliance Information
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to to the to as of Appliances The purchase telephone service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: and from the of the The and the protected AEG Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Slough, SL1 1DZ High to this recorded
and blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance light illuminated. (warmest) ON/OFF light Frostmatic light (red) ON/OFF light D. G. H. A. B. C. E. F. I. Press the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too malfunctions to corrected Please inform AEG Service Force light Please inform AEG Service Force light faulty. light light when frostmatic fuction activated, light light frostmatic light lights when ted, The the C and E buttons. These The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the DESIRED buttons, C or E. hours. Please the "Initial section. Please the location" section. the as as necessary. Press the frostmatic switch The heat within the of food the hours. properly The light lights sounds sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. The of If, carrying the there with please AEGService Force tight the hinges). This occurred. of frost, the The immediately the The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. customers should that the as the the Please that of purchase service or breakdown.
cleansers which allow such to with with cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED the (ACTUAL displayed. ACTUAL the thoroughly. everything the back food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. covered. from the electricity supply. Switch the off and the from the or and with of to of Clean the and the with Press ON/OFF The The light flashes the reached. The sounds. This Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently The stops,when the reached.Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the the the the food the ton to off the light C. tion of the then to the as as necessary. of the than necessary. the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food first. Something Not Warning! AEG Service Force If the functioning correctly, please the following the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the the food. You the There of the cooling FROSTMATIC Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC protects already from ton. The yellow light
switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light The FROSTMATIC function manually If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the the FROSTMATIC The light which the turned off reinstated. mechanical or to the of the food defrosting thawing other than those recommended the to off the frost their life. Warning! the of the the to the light (H) the pressed, the warmest reached the warning light (H) to and sound. to flash, although the flashes the Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly Finally, the as to of If the to section: Cleaning and of off off. To switch off the the ON/OFF or from Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning Switch off the the on/off seconds. If the to as as trays. the to the of the or switch off. the electricity supply. and Switching off the reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and and food carrying cleaning or the clean the with cleaner. and shock! The turned back to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that You food yourself. food. Ethereal and or the from butyric Warning!
seconds. to free that to the pointed or the supplied. within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of or burns straight Please the the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the right through to the as as Preparation of Cubes the food with the food the food to as shown food items already otherwise the food to Press the Frostmatic hours introducing fresh food The yellow light other from the to the food. foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to The the of Defrosting ON/OFF the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or the the the the the and defrosting should as follows: Once defrosting completed the to switch off the supply or to the The however, become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the the the on/off button. The the with the To the the or and to
to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of Ice or burns straight Please the specified the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the right through to the as as Preparation of Ice Cubes the food with the food the food to as shown food items already otherwise the food to Press the Frostmatic hours introducing fresh food The yellow light other from the to the food. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation when the becomes thick the the the the on/off The to switch off the supply or to the Once defrosting completed the should as follows: the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or the the the the the and ON/OFF Defrosting the with the To the the or and to
the FROSTMATIC The light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually which the turned off reinstated. mechanical or to the of the food defrosting thawing other than those recommended the to off the frost their life. Warning! Switching the Appliance off flashes the to flash, although the light (H) to and sound. the of the the to the light (H) the pressed, the warmest reached the off. off of section: Cleaning and If the to Finally, the as to of To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly To switch off the the ON/OFF or from Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning Switch off the the on/off seconds. If the to as as trays. the to the of the or switch off. the electricity supply. and Switching off the reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and and food carrying cleaning or the clean the with cleaner. and shock! The turned back to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! food. You fresh food yourself. The the C or Please the the rating The free- the of food that Ethereal and or the from butyric Warning!
allow such to with cleansers which cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this only cleaned with with The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. ACTUAL food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with and with of to of everything the back the thoroughly. Press ON/OFF The The light flashes the reached. The sounds. This Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently The stops,when the reached.Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the the the the food the ton to off the light C. Ice the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to food the to The the food colder than necessary. of the cover as as necessary. then to cool the tion of the first. If the functioning correctly, please the following AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too The this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling FROSTMATIC Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC protects from ton. The light
and blown or defective. Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance light illuminated. ON/OFF light light (red) Frostmatic light ON/OFF (warmest) I. F. E. A. B. C. D. G. H. Press the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too malfunctions to corrected defective. Please inform AEG Service Force light Please inform AEG Service Force light faulty. light light when frostmatic fuction activated, light light frostmatic fuction light lights when ted, buttons buttons, C or E. DESIRED connected to the The the C and E buttons. These The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL hours. Please the "Initial section. Please the location" section. the as as necessary. Press the frostmatic switch The heat within the of food the hours. properly The light lights sounds sections of the with the warmed than C). At the the rectly. The of If, carrying the there with please AEGService Force tight the hinges). This occurred. of frost, the The immediately the indicated flashing numbers. The that selected the The DESIRED should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service or breakdown.
the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to recycle the to as of Appliances please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG and from the of the The and the protected concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the Customer below or AEG Appliances to this recorded High SL1 1DZ Slough,
Service the from the electricity supply. the cleaning the switch off the and the from the The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform Service service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. This relates to and to another The or free includes both and The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or Appliance Information sound. recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of
The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the free- and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that or to the reasons of to caused. The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured red. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the from
Appliance Information of Appliances and Starting and and Food Preparation of Cubes Food Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not Working Service and Conditions Positioning Appliance Regulations, This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please directly allowed. The of the If the the and instructions Considering the tion which there of It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal of the which high, the to the instructions. information of to C SN to C reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; Appliance
This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, switching please these instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. Dear who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Integrated ARCTIS and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ