SANTO Integrated and Instructions AEG D-90327
the properly. the the and with the screws Should of the necessary, the clearance At the of necessary to the of operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, cover Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not the light Service and Conditions Positioning Housing the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations, cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K).
(E) (B) and Apply covers (C-D) the Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them the The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. shown the as the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of with the screws supplied. the of the the and as shown the and the of the the Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the the ght from the the Service food. location to the ance (as shown) to of the the to the the housing ance. should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force the the fitted. the that the that the of the the where the of the and the the with the of the >PS< the which free of The from and should of >PE< the covering and the the The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. sound. Appliance Information the included with the (I (P the with screws
reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to recycle the to as authorised of Appliances and from the of the The and the protected with that to the shelves the from the back, the of the arrow To them as follows: freed and the Shelf tion. and the screwdriver release the internal and from its seat together with the and the the the through the the and the top and which the properly closed. To of food, the with Instructions building-in Apply the as shown
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the Lowest as the the thoroughly. Hightest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food Starting and This should location where the to the indicated the The following which each which located the of the Positioning The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or colder, then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. continuously. Housing The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS the front of the and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the shelf or and to heights: shelf. coloured red. and Earth as follows: The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals the the outer sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious The pulled and and other as food Meat types): polythene and the shelf food or the cover or the food, food that freely round To the performance: the hints: foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the this or the
and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the the The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. This relates to and to another The or free includes both and The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions the The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as tridges the other food. to the food. and food
Service and covering about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please Service Force telephoning: the of service, or to purchase telephone routed to the Service Force of Service Force and further information the food the food to the food items already otherwise the foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore food to electricity. 5.The purchase and 3.Clear and of the the heading Something Not service please the Service Force to following 4.The and of the (found the rating Please that purchase or the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Ice Cubes Customer to switch off the supply or to the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the of Switch off the and the or the defrosting should as follows: the and cool to OFF. Defrosting Slough, SL1 1DZ High AEG Appliances Customer to this recorded concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or
Turn the thermostat to the and the the mechanical or to the of the food thawing other than those recommended the to off the frost their Warning! If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. To switch off the the to Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and Switching off the Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, the back operation. To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light cover and the the light screw from the light cover. the shown. screw. the light Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The back service. to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! Ethereal and or the from butyric
Something Not Warning! AEG Service Force If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service inexperienced or serious allow such to with cleansers which cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with Appliance or Symptom Appliance switched Switch the blown or food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off. Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. The food too properly within the hours. the of food to Turn the Appliance cools too too cold. to warmer Turn the necessary. the as as malfunctions to corrected section. Please the "Initial the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything the back service. the of frost, lighting The heat the tight Light the Light section. Please the rectly. the C). At the than the sections of the with location" section. Please the the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to the tion of the first. Water the or shelves. the immediately The occurred. This Water section. the "Cleaning and of The
If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not Working allow such to with cleansers which cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this only cleaned with with blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off. Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. corrected malfunctions to defective. Turn the to colder Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything the back service. Please the location" section. sections of the with the than hand C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to the tion of the first. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water This occurred. The the Water the or shelves.
Warning! their life. to off the frost thawing other than those recommended the Turn the thermostat to the and the the mechanical or to the of the food If, carrying the there with customers should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. Switching off the and the or switch off. or from the electricity supply. the to the of If the to and as as trays. To switch off the turn the to Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, the back operation. To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light cover and the the light screw from the light cover. the shown. screw. the light Cleaning and should cleaned regularly. reasons the interior, including Warning! Warning! from the electricity supply. to the of The back service. carrying cleaning or the clean the with cleaner. which shock! butyric or the from Ethereal and
the of service, or to purchase telephone routed to the Service Force of Service Force and further information please Service Force telephoning: about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. covering Service and the food the food to the food items already otherwise the foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore food to electricity. please the Service Force to following 4.The and of the (found the rating Please that purchase or service the heading Something Not 3.Clear and of the and telephone 5.The purchase the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes Customer to switch off the supply or to the foodstuffs. from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the of Switch off the and the or the defrosting should as follows: the and cool to OFF. Defrosting concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the below or to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High SL1 1DZ Slough,
the the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. This relates to and to another The or free includes both and The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. tation. UK Conditions Conditions and food to the food. food. other the right through to the as as You fresh food yourself. increased formation and increase the Please the specified the The the C or Please the capacity the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of food with the
The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. the front of the shelf and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to shelf. The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. lowing The pulled and and other as food Meat types): polythene and the food or the or the food, food that freely round To the performance: the hints: foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. this or the
and -the of food often the the to or of the regulated. Hightest (warmest as the the thoroughly. Lowest the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the This should only location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; continuously. and off as and defrosting recommenced. High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched Height Housing The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them inoperable. from the or Council or Health Office to there or to to the to as authorised of Appliances and from the of the The and the protected with that to the shelves the from the back, the of the arrow To them as follows: freed and the Shelf tion. To of food, the with which the properly closed. screwdriver release the internal and from its seat together with the and the the the through the the and the top and and the Apply the as shown Instructions building-in
Service the ght from the the the from the electricity supply. with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high Ice or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. location to the ance (as shown) to of the the to the the housing ance. serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or the the fitted. the that the that the of the the where the of the and the the with the of the Appliance Information sound. recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of the included with the (I (P the with screws
Apply covers (C-D) the (B) and cover (E) Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them the The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. as shown the the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from children
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Positioning Housing the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations, cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K).
the the and with the screws Should of the necessary, the clearance At the of to the of the properly. plied. operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Integrated SANTO and Instructions AEG D-90327