SANTO Integrated and Instructions
Dear customer, please the- operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not section. futher AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances and shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Working the light Service and Conditions Positioning the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
Please this instruction using the and reference. These the interests of ty, them the The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children from Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the
with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or frost/freezer burns ght from the food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and from the electricity supply. the from the the Service should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location.
of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service to as Warning! of them from the or or to authorised Council or Health Office to there to the The and the protected and from the of the
Starting and the of the with with bonate of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the internal lighting switched The located the right of the Hightest (warmest Lowest The should chosen that the the -the of food often the The the and regulated. If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the to or High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced.
Accessories The the and should to and fresh The shelves to the or and To height the the front of the and of the shelf. The pulled and and other as food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, it food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. D338
and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, airtight the and food You food yourself. The the C or food. Please the capacity the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the food.
the food the food to the food items already otherwise the food to foods the type, as as Index To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity. Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. try to that to the or the supplied. Defrosting from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should as follows: the food from the layers of and cool Switch off the and the or the to OFF. the
Turn the thermostat to the and the the Warning! to off the frost mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting, their life. Switching off the To switch off the the to or from the electricity supply. If the to and as as trays. the or switch off. and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply. clean the with cleaner. which shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Ethereal and or the from butyric
cleansers which allow such to with cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason it recommended that the outer casing of this only cleaned with with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off. Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything the back service. the or other of warmth. High tion of the the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the D037
Something Not Working If the functioning correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force Warning! Repairs should service inexperienced or serious Appliance Turn the Appliance too too cold. to warmer The food too lighting of frost, the The immediately the Water the or shelves. Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or blown or defective. malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the The heat Please the Light the Light section. tight the This occurred. Water Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to Please the location" section. the sections of the with than C). At the the rectly. The of the "Cleaning and section.
If, carrying the there with please AEGService Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the turn the to the To the light the screw from the light cover. Unhook the light as shown. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. AEG65
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or tation. The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs necessary the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the which located the of the The following shows which each The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following reasons, tion as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; the The the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the the the connected to the from the of SN to C to C D567
screwdriver release the internal and it from its seat together with the and the the the through the and the the and the top and To of food, the with which the properly closed. Housing PR140
Instructions building-in Apply the as shown location to the ance (as shown) to of the housing the using the to the ance. the housing (A) touches the D765 D740 D015/1
the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and cover (D) Apply covers (B) the A, B, C, as shown the C D723/2 D726 PR266 C
(A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws supplied. PR166 PR33 PR167 C
At the of to the of the properly. Should of the necessary, the clearance cover (D) (B) Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV PR168 PR167/1
AEG D-90327