SANTO and Instructions AEG D-90327
please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. Dear customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them using the The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from children
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the the ght from the the Service food. Operation At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance the properly. of PR168 cover (D) (B) should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force PR167/1 >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. sound. Appliance Information This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
with the screws supplied. (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them inoperable. from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to recycle the to as authorised of Appliances (C) (A) PR166 and from the of the The and the protected C supplied. the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws PR33 PR167
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the Lowest as the the thoroughly. Hightest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food Starting and the and the the of the the included with the (C) the with screws to that of hinges. and cover (D) C D723/2 Apply covers (B) the D726 High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. continuously. A, B, C, as shown the C PR266
Instructions building-in Apply the as shown To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and the front of the and of the shelf. to Shelves D765 the housing location to the ance (as shown) to of the using the to the ance. D338 The and and other as (A) touches the the housing D740 Meat types): polythene and the cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: D006 Fresh food D015/1 foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. this or the
and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the the the The the C or Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The warmth foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as tridges the other food. and food To of food, the with which the properly closed. screwdriver release the and from its seat together with the and the the the through the the and the top and it and the PR140 Height Housing
Location which located the of the This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each foods the type, as as the food the food to the food items already otherwise the To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore food to electricity. food with to the food. SN to C to C of correctly. instructions the following The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the Preparation of Ice Cubes clear of obstruction; tion as shown Attention: reasons, the with the To the the or try to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Defrosting the D567 to the the connected to the from the The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the to switch off the supply or to the from the of the the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation
when the becomes thick the the food from the of Switch off the and the or the Turn the thermostat to the and the the of the food defrosting should as follows: the and cool to off mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the their life. to OFF. Warning! the frost The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. To switch off the the to Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and Switching off the The coloured connected to the N or The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. The wires the coloured with the with the coloured the the of the wires the of this and Earth as follows: coloured red. AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
Conditions Conditions domestically, household. The cover the instruction to to the following the country of this or of products. of and to and The purchasers rights affected this The from the first purchased The or includes both and This to and to another repairs become the property of AEG. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The account country. within the Community (EC) or This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers home, of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service UK tation. reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The back service. to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! Cleaning and Ethereal and Switch the off and the from the or switch off. allow such to with cleansers which food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. or the from cleansers. butyric Clean the and the with and with of to of Commercially used. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the the thoroughly. everything the back service. D037
the near or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Service and Please type of telephoning. This information found the plate the the The and 3.Clear and of the and Customer the telephone to (S-No.) (PNC) What the of purchase of the AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer to this recorded the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances
Water the or shelves. the immediately The occurred. This Water Symptom section. the "Cleaning and of The If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not the light mechanical or breakdown. please AEGService Force If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance the screw from the light cover. the light To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light cover and the the back Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, tion. screw. shown. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too AEG65 Please the location" section. sections of the with the than hand C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The near heat lighting of frost, the
The of the "Cleaning and section. Symptom Water This occurred. The immediately the Water the or shelves. If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not Working If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. the light blown or defective. Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, Unhook the light cover as To switch off the the to To the light the the light cover and the the back screw from the light cover. the light the shown. screw. tion. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected defective. Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too AEG65 Please the location" section. sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the
tion of the then to cool the of the than necessary. the than necessary. the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food first. If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Service and Please type of telephoning. This information found the the the The and 3.Clear and of the and Customer the telephone to know: (PNC) What the of purchase of the AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer to this recorded the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances
The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. The or includes both and This relates to and to another The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions which shock! carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. The back service. to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and Ethereal and Switch the off and the from the or switch off. allow such to with cleansers which food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. or the from cleansers. butyric Clean the and the with and with of to of Commercially used. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the the thoroughly. everything the back service. D037
the frost Warning! to OFF. their life. recommended the to off mechanical or to the thawing other than those and the defrosting should as follows: when the becomes thick the the food from the wrap layers of Switch off the and the or the Turn the thermostat to the and the the of the food defrosting, The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. Switching off the and the or switch off. or from the electricity supply. the to the of If the to and as as trays. To switch off the the to Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning The coloured connected to the N or The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. the terminals The the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. lowing AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Location foods the type, as as the food the food to the food items already otherwise the To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore food to electricity. food with to the food. The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C Preparation of Cubes reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; the with the To the the or to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Defrosting The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the D567 the to switch off the supply or to the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation
the provided. the and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight and food food. other the right through to the as as You fresh food yourself. increased formation and increase the Please the the The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of the To of food, the with which the properly closed. screwdriver release the internal and from its seat together with the and the the the through the the and the top and and the PR140 Height Housing
Apply the as shown Instructions building-in To height the the The the and should to and fresh The shelves or and the front of the and it of the shelf. to Accessories location to the ance (as shown) to of the using the to the the housing ance. D765 D338 The and and other as D740 the housing (A) touches the Meat types): polythene and the shelf or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: D006 food D015/1 foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. this or the
Starting and -the of food the the to or of the regulated. Hightest (warmest as the the thoroughly. Lowest the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the the and the the of the the included with the (C) the with screws to that of hinges. and cover (D) C D723/2 Apply covers (B) the D726 continuously. off as and defrosting recommenced. High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and A, B, C, as shown the C PR266
(A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to the to as authorised of Appliances PR166 cover (C) (A) and from the of the The and the protected C PR33 the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the of the the the and it with the screws supplied. PR167
Service the ght from the the the from the electricity supply. with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high Ice or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance the properly. of PR168 cover (D) (B) serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or PR167/1 Appliance Information sound. recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
with Please the which apply to (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
reference. These the interests of Please this instruction the and ty, them the and of food, as as If the The the It the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
SANTO and Instructions AEG D-90327