ARCTIS No-frost (frost free) Cooling and Appliance Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with (Warning!, Attention!) Please the following This and instructions the operation of the Supplementary information and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Appliance Location The Appliance the The characteristic of Appliance of Appliance ON/OFF the FROSTMATIC WARNING OFF to Initial Select or Switch COOLMATIC Switch FROSTMATIC Switching the Appliance
and Information and Thawing/Defrosting Warning Door"-Warning Function Preparation of Ice Cubes Cooling Fresh" Cooling Cooling Cooling Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Accessory Technical Terminology Customer Service
Instructions The of with and legislation. nevertheless that to with the following The the this becomes of foods, or cooling of foods. The occurring through or of the or to the reasons of this or other than or of foods or cooling of foods. to the Please the of The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. Children of suffocation! from of them from the or or This the that
Instructions themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other Children often the with household Please the necessary and allow children to with the with or through with the cold. of with such as lighters the Bottles and the They burst when the or the the with high the or directly from the the mouth. to the or tongue and with to the Warning the Warning cover or the as this the of the Warning mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off and the from the or switch off or the or the top of the to the of the top through with the cold. housed within this top If should these the this reason top of the the from the the
of malfunction If malfunction should the first to the section "What to these operating instruction. If the instructions this section further own. or repaired trained Repairs to Please or service repairs. Appliance Information of the of correctly. the to the and About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of chlorofluorocarbon. The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or This the that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from the authorities or
Appliance people to the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the plinth cover to the Item the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back casters and the easily pushed. The as as accessory protected from and right of the of the with white off white and from the of the off the protective from the existing. from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The shows which assigned to which the selected: Attention! If the operation selected, the the least C higher than the DESIRED of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the Attention! If the clearance of least the top of the and the Break both from the plinth and them the the back of the to the that the the the back of the Appliance The footing. Please the turning the the front or
properly outlet with earthing protection of least If the outlet of the to that the disconnected from the safety-switch or the with of least to the rating to supply and with those of the the location. AC or V~ to The rating the the Warning: To the of this service or with Warning: should the connected to or to which to installations,
United only) to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the wing and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the (B2 and C2) with the the Please to the which the cover to With closed screw (A) of the the to the front and the (B1) from the right of the screwdriver). the (B2) from the and the of the
the the (C1) from the right using screwdriver covers from to right the (C2) from the connecting and the Reposition to the of the with screwdriver and to the right and Turn (A) the
Reposition and as shown the cover. If necessary, the First the section: the B1 (B2 hinged the screw-driver, the bushes as and below the and then to the The shows right please accordingly the of the top and/or Reposition B1 (B2 hinged the the section: the
The characteristic of The as or as this the or the operation selected the the the and with from C to C. the operation this operated as fresh" cooling with of C to C, whereby through the frost (frost-free) The the of to C as food and Naturally, as the of C to C. COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC selected and The COOLMATIC function cooling when the or party. Thereby, DESIRED of C hours expired, the COOLMATIC function terminated automatically. The FROSTMATIC function caters of fresh and protects the the already increase when the The of the automatically, when the completed, and switches off the FROSTMATIC function.(Depending the to to hours). The (frost free) both the of fresh as as the of readily or cooled cools the the of the which and distributed This and the The the as frost the The thaws/defrosts automatically, as as this necessary. The
off to the and through the heat the the of the and the cooled or fresh and free. thawing/defrosting necessary. Appliance of Appliance plate
Appliance the of the interior. the The and their The then or The food- furthermore shells. The easy through its integrated Please that both (A) the of to the The switches when the closing the switched off. If the than the to and then switches off to If directly the the although the operation through the the the the light chapter.
Stand-by confirmation) ON/OFF the warmer indicated the colder when COOLMATIC or FROSTMATIC function switched (yellow) FROSTMATIC/COOLMATIC Warning (red) WARNING OFF the chapter and Information ON/OFF Switching first switched the operation switching the which to switching off. Switch off: To switch off, the seconds tion Switching the Appliance To switch and the ON/OFF and the WARNING OFF seconds section Selecting or Appliance
Appliance the These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). of the buttons the DESIRED C. If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The ACTUAL the to match the DESIRED DESIRED means: The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. If the FROSTMATIC or COOLMATIC functions switched to the operation the (ACTUAL of the selected the (DESIRED the COOLMATIC function "IC" cooling appears the The appears the while FROST- MATIC functioning. If of the buttons The the (WAR- MER) and (COLDER) buttons. The shows of information.
pressed, SF appear the seconds. The then to showing the the that food partially or defrosted, as the of the WARNING OFF activated the the warmest the food reached of the supply. If there the or (F7 or F8) appear the FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC- or COOLMATIC function switched the yellow the With the FROSTMATIC the "FROSTMATIC" function switched the the operation or the "COOLMATIC" function, when the the Information: FROSTMATIC the operating capacity. The the temporarily WARNING OFF With the WARNING OFF the acoustic warning switched off, the warning when or the to cooled or there thaw warning, the WARNING OFF ton activated the the warmest the food reached restoration of the supply. to Please the and to the operation the "Cleaning and chapter). The correctly with the and Connecting" the first should that the and with the rating
Initial Press ON/OFF The stand-by confirmation) lights The shows the the (ACTUAL The to that the reached. the switched the tone such as the DESIRED reached. If, instead of the ON/OFF the switched off the from the the tone when the the the operation If the once operation, it the operation which to switching off. Select or If necessary, switch the with the following the operating and the ON/OFF and the WARNING OFF seconds. the switched from to FC appears the acoustic confirms the and the to flashing (DESIRED cooling C). the buttons, the the cool- the switched from to CF (Cool- appears the acoustic confirms the and the to flashing (DESIRED C). the buttons, the the The operation which the the or below C.
the the selected operation the chapter the Attention! If the as Please to the to the C, or the warning off. Attention! If this as cooling as Please the reached C the to cooled the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately the of the the DESIRED C. From food of C should enough as the buttons further the and displays the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The following DESIRED from C to C C from C to C C Attention! If the operation selected, the the least C higher than the DESIRED Please that the the warning light and the
Switch COOLMATIC MATIC operation COOLMATIC function cooling of when the cooling or party. Press the FROSTMATIC The the FROSTMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. Thereby DESIRED of C hours the COOLMATIC function The to the originally DESIRED and the displays the You manually terminate the COOLMATIC function that the FROSTMATIC Once the COOLMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally the COOLMATIC function switched IC" Cool- appears the If the DESIRED than C the COOLMATIC function Switch FROSTMATIC the operating The FROSTMATIC function caters of fresh and protects the already the Press the FROSTMATIC The yellow FROSTMATIC The of the when the terminated, and then switches off the FROSTMATIC function the to of hours to You the manually the FROSTMATIC
Once the FROSTMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally The appears the when the FAST FREEZE function switched If of the pressed, SF appear the seconds. The then to showing the Information: FROSTMATIC the operating capacity. The the temporarily Switching the Appliance to the switching off (child-proof). To switch off and the ON/OFF about seconds. "count the which counts backwards from to reached the switches off. the off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the interruption of If the to from service Switch off and holding the ON/OFF about seconds the or switch off or the or It to the the "Cleaning and chapter). to of the the which to switching off.
and Information The and information of warning and acoustic warning The of: the the operation or thawing of functional the Without to the food the tone when of fresh foods the too and Thawing/Defrosting Warning the operating The flashes and warning tone sounds as as the the C. You the warning tone with the WARNING OFF The the the warmest the reached the seconds the to the While the warmer than C, the warmest the reached the and as often as wished the WARNING OFF the the below C, the tone switches off automatically. The warning to flash. If the WARNING OFF the warning switches off. the the highest the food to. Then the to the The high- Information: the switched the tone such as the DESIRED reached.
increase to: or of the of food; high the Attention! If of or please the of the foods to they used. Door"-Warning The warning flashes when the If the than seconds, warning tone sounds. If or foodstuff, switch off warning tone seconds the WARNING OFF The when the closed. Function If the technical that to rectified service, the shows or (F7 or F8) the of the The warning flashes. The to ate and Information
the operating Attention! foods the the C or Please indicated capacity the rating The capacity the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating foods which further (cooked of the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of of to of food the warning activated when the FROSTMATIC function switched foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the foods the or with otherwise the to The when the FROSTMATIC function and switch off automatically. You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC To allow of foodstuff, the of the individually They the below. The following to and of food;
The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of these quickly. to the with or inspection authorities: Batch the of performance or directly from the Attention! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of as to type and overview, the and From food of C as Preparation of Cubes included with with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Attention! free which to the with pointed or or
included with The the and of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high Cooling The the Fresh" Cooling Cooling cooling. The of the individually. The then to its the to cool You this the below correspondingly higher. of the shelves You purchase the shelves as accessory from AEG Fresh" Cooling selecting the DESIRED of C to C this as Fresh" cooling The Fresh" cooling fresh The fresh to three to
Commodities Fresh" cooling and fresh fresh and fresh" cooling coldness-sensitive and coldness-sensitive and and which should pears. to fresh" cooling. the the and the retained The following Airtight and of Cooling selecting the DESIRED the of C, this as should covered or the cool to and or to other cooled The following Airtight and of with of with Cooling selecting the to C, the perfectly as cooling Cooling
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or turn the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. The automatically. mechanical or to the defrosting process. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. Press the FROSTMATIC about hours to cleaning, that the with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them Switch off and holding the ON/OFF about seconds. the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with clean and
of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once with or cleaner. everything back service. the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. the Cold from cooling the the the back of the clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! repaired trained Repairs to the Please or service repairs. Appliance function, stand-by and displays warning flashes, shows below C, closed. flashes, warning sounds, shows C, closed. Malfunction Appliance switched Switch or blown or Partial/Complete Thaw Warning. to such that they or completely Partial/Complete Thaw Warning. to such that they or completely necessary. malfunctions to corrected Please to the section and Information Please to the section and Information
warning flashing, shows or (F7 or F8). The Please this chapter Light function. light If the than the and switched off of frost the the Malfunction functions occurred. The the instead of properly Within the hours of foods loaded. Appliance to of warmth. This occurred. properly sealed What to Please of the indicated and inform the service the Switching the the that, please the or chapter. Please to the section the as as necessary. Press FROSTMATIC Please to the section Location". Please to section. the with those which airtight warmer than 50C). At the the warmed hand, that properly seated.
What to The immediately the FROSTMATIC or the C although the should as below C although the should as cooling Malfunction Increased to switching FROSTMATIC function, or of fresh foods. the front Appliance Appliance with or other This occurred. The the operation The the The when and the capacity reduced. The of Selecting the that, please the "Select or chapter. Select the operation that, please the chapter "Select or
the light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the or switch off or the or Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and the ON/OFF about seconds. light The beneath the operating and when the becomes from the The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard The flow whereby emitted.
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Accessory You through AEG shelves: Instead of the shelves This then the as or as cooler. Technical Terminology which They relatively that the of foods the them to or Sealed which the found. The consists the of and The the This from the which cooled. to this reason the located the interior.
The It and housed the back the of the It the of the to from the to and feed to the The the of Compressed from the the released, which off the surrounding the of the The therefore of the the back. Customer Service If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and telephone the accompanying Conditions/Customer Service Locations". Selective of and this reason the following information: (PNC) (S-No.) This information found the rating the the of the that this information that it needed. If the should (F7, F8, inform service of the displayed service to rectify the section What to the
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without