SANTO Integrated and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ
switching please these rating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. Dear who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf of the Appliance Starting and of Compartment Starting and of Compartment Food and Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not Working the Light Service and Conditions Positioning Appliance the Housing Instructions Building-in Regulations, cover (D) (B) If the to the of the the screws the fixing (E), the as shown the and the screws. This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
(C) (A) Please this instruction using the and reference. These the interests of The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, accepted the or to the reasons of the should the of please The contained within the Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. ty, them the If the should become from and of ignition; which nevertheless to Initial of children that caused. supplied. the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws of the properly. At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance
the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the Service Apply covers (B) the should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information >PS< the which free of The from and should of >PE< the outer covering and the the The plastics and as follows: recycling location. sound. of Appliances A, B, C, as shown the reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to recycle the to as authorised (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied.
Instructions building-in Apply the as shown and from the of the The and the protected (A) touches the the housing with that it to the shelves the from the back, the of the arrow To them as follows: freed and the Shelf tion. C Can shelves food fresh food Compartment shelves Light of the to that of hinges. the with screws the the included with the (C) and cover (D) the and the the of the
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and Lowest as the the thoroughly. off as and defrosting recommenced. Highest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food continuously. and Unscrew the and Unscrew the (B) and the spacers (C) and them the hin- of the the hin- the the Unscrew the and the and them the and the the the hinge cover (A). the (A). the Housing
Positioning which located the of the This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each of Compartment SN to C to C of correctly. instructions the following The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the the thermostat (B) The the on/off The light (A), which when the Switch the to the operates The the fast-freeze switch or the it that immediately only This light (C) when the pushed. the that C. light (yellow) D. A. light B. Thermostat clear of obstruction; tion as shown reasons, Attention: Starting and of Compartment the to the the to the from the The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the the (D), the yellow light (B) Turn the (B) the of The The should chosen that the Lowest light(A) The Highest (warmest the often the the of food
The function the of fresh food If this function manually, the switches off the function hours. The light This function manually the quick-freezing, the (D). The and, the protects already from The light light (C) then light The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
Conditions Conditions Slough domestically, household. The cover the instruction to to the following the country of this or of products. of and to and The purchasers statutory rights affected this The from the first purchased The or free includes both and This relates to and to another repairs become the property of AEG. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or This such as light or plastic. The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The where or to installation, or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the Service service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service UK tation. the front of the and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to shelf. The and and other as with which shelf and sideways. The To the of the the shelf with the upwards and of the the and the of the the operation to the the shelf
Meat types): polythene and the cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: Food the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the provided. the this or the please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as food. and food concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or AEG Appliances to this recorded High SL1 1DZ Slough,
mechanical or breakdown. please AEGService Force If, carrying the there with customers should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service the Allow food to The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the the other to the food. the light and backwards. the Switch the back the light To switch off the the to To the light the Press the light as shown the light cover and the Light V, Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the screw. screw. To within the the food the food to the food items already otherwise the fresh food, the switch (A) hours the food without the thermostat The light At the of the process, to the switch to increase of the foods the type, as as food to the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the You There of the the cooling
the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Ice Cubes If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not Working The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Defrosting Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too from the of the The through trough the back of the located the where every the Please the location" section. sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the
allow such to with with cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. that the defrost-water located the of the the to the overflowing to the which already foods the the the thoroughly. Clean the and the with and with of to of from the electricity supply. Switch the off and the from the or To switch off the the to Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and The of the Switching off the with the the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included everything switch the back Cleaning and tion of the then to cool the of the colder than necessary. the than necessary. the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food first. reasons the interior, including carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The switched back to the of should cleaned regularly. from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! Ethereal and or the from cleansers which butyric
allow such to with cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. that clean the defrost-water located the of the the to the overflowing to the which foods the the Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. To switch off the the to Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and The of the Switching off the everything switch the back the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the Cleaning and the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. reasons the including carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The switched back to the of should cleaned regularly. from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! Ethereal and or the from cleansers which butyric
Preparation of Cubes and to seconds. the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not Working foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to The the of blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Defrosting Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too the from the of the The through trough the back of the located the where Please the location" section. sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the
If, carrying the there with customers should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. the Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the tridges the other to the food. Warning! There of the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to To the light the Press the light cover as shown the light cover and the the light Switch the back the and backwards. screw. screw. the light To within the the food the food to the food items already otherwise the fresh food, the switch (A) hours the food without the thermostat The light At the of the process, to the switch to increase of the the type, as as food to the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the food. You There of the the cooling Ice
Food hints: the To the performance: food that freely round food or the cover or the food, Meat types): polythene and the the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and this only or the shelf. foods, dishes, these should covered and the provided. the and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) service The purchase below: AEG and food food. right through to the as as You food yourself. The the C or Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of to of that the rating The of the food when concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or AEG Appliances to this recorded High SL1 1DZ Slough,
The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the Service service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. This to and to another The or includes both and The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions the front of the and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the shelf or and to shelf. The pulled and and other as with which and The To the of the the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the operation to the shelf height. the
light (C) then light The light and, the protects already from quick-freezing, the (D). The This function manually the If this function manually, the switches off the function hours. The yellow light The function the of fresh food The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning of Compartment The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C the thermostat (B) The the on/off The light (A), which when the Switch the to the operates The yellow the switch or the that immediately This light (C) when the pushed. the that C. light (yellow) D. A. light B. Thermostat reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; Starting and of Compartment The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the the (D), the light (B) Turn the (B) the of The The should chosen that the Lowest light(A) The Highest (warmest the often the the of food
Starting and continuously. -the of food often the the to or of the regulated. Highest (warmest off as and defrosting recommenced. as the the thoroughly. Lowest the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right hand The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the High and the to the to If this turn the back to warmer to At this the switched and Unscrew the and Unscrew the (B) and the spacers (C) and them the hin- of the the hin- the the Unscrew the and the and them the and the the the (A). the (A). the Housing
Apply the as shown Instructions building-in and from the of the The and the protected the housing (A) touches the with that to the shelves the from the back, the of the arrow To them as follows: freed and the Shelf tion. C Can shelves food fresh food Compartment shelves Light shelf of the the and the the of the the included with the (C) and cover (D) the the with screws to that of hinges.
Service the from the electricity supply. the cleaning the switch off the and the from the Apply covers (B) the Appliance Information serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or of Appliances sound. waste-paper recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of A, B, C, as shown the authorised to as to recycle the or to reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied.
cover (C) (A) Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of the should the of please The isobutane within the Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. ty, them the If the should become from and of ignition; which nevertheless children to Initial of that caused. the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance the properly. of
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf of the Appliance Starting and of Compartment Starting and of Compartment Fresh Food and Food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not the Light Service and Parts Conditions Positioning Appliance the Housing Instructions Building-in Regulations, cover (D) (B) If the to the of the the screws the fixing (E), the as shown the and re-tighten the screws. This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
switching please these rating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Integrated SANTO and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ