Chest frost English
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and THE NO-FROST (FROST FREE) SYSTEM DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE of the INSTALLATION of HOW TO USE to service the Switching the off Conservation of products Preparation of of and positioning Capacity The of the HELPFUL HINTS Normal operating sounds MAINTENANCE Cleaning IF SOMETHING DOES NOT WORK of or Technical Specifications ECS2070 ECS2370 ECS3070 Height without/ with
Chest frost The (frost-free) of the If something Technical instructions hints to
Dear customer, operation these operating instructions They information and of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and or with Warning!, Please the following This and instructions the operation of the and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section" What to If these instructions should please Service.
Instructions and that these instructions with the If the or to another or and the that the instructions the to the to the correctly and the This only the and of food. This should operated Children allowed to with the buttons or with the the with the of this should authorised or to the yourself. Repairs people or serious malfunction of the Service of the should authorised service and should used. It to the or to the other that the top of the food once defrosted. the age This includes that heated operation. Consequently, If the of food. "Installation". the Bottles and containing or particularly to which the This heavy. when If the with to the of the reach of and from the of that the This to and the of the or the back of the overheat and fire.
heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. the interests of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
The (frost free) The frost (frost free) both the of fresh as as of readily cools the the of the which and distributed This flow ates fluctuations and the interior. The the as frost the The thaws/defrosts automatically, as as this necessary. The off to the and throught the heat the the of the and the cooled or fresh and free. thawing/defrosting necessary.
of the of the outlets Cold
the firm resting or to bumps/holes the The should and ventilated. of the the tion of the Therefore: the exposed to sunshine or or other of heat. where the of the to the which the From.to SN to C to C ST to C to C If the should allowed to about hours switching Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. switching that the of electricity supply the as that indicated the rating located the back of the Warning: This earthed. This with the following EC Directives: -73/23/EEC-Low-VoltageDirective -89/336/EEC -EMC Directive. Testing with EN the of and of of the section (yellow) Acoustic and (red). acoustic to this should or This earthed.
The should these switching the tricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1362) used.Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E" or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the "N" or coloured The coloured nected to the "L" or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. How to If the the becomes too high, the acoustic sounds and the flashes. The acoustic sound and the lights Press the to the acoustic The to flash the reaches the the service the food maintained. fresh food exceeding the the If there malfunction and the The acoustic to sound and the to light the to the the that the to service Clean the of and the ances to service the first chapter: the to the This to it to the (protection to with the that the switched off.
that the highest that the lowest Recommended or and turn the to or "3".The tors influencing the as follows: of food to conserved and of the cover Switching the off To the of service, the counter- clockwise to"off" The extinguished. the of service longed To the of service, the counterclock- to"off" The extinguished. Then, the from the Disconnect the from or or the Clean thoroughly section and Cleaning"). the to from food, the This the fresh food to from those of the food already from as of with fresh food. If of the of the the of Attention! to foods, the C or below. of should the capacity indicated the The the of fresh products that with hours. food once without further to the capacity, the of the the to or to hours only of to The It to exceeding the foods they airtight to to them from becoming their or interacting with the of other foods. the products with otherwise to the as of
the wrapped foods the The products should to with those to the from to products, the Alternatively, the about hours following the of (earlier of To this, the The extinguishes. If the to the function, the switched to the 48-hour operation (the yellow extinguishes). Then the to the the of Advice: the to specified and food closing the and or to closing, the from the and otherwise the the to food and, tion, to the the to the with or to the occurring Conservation of products Attention! to the the first with food already the of C should obtained. only foods that wrapped to them becoming their or interacting with the of other foods. the food. creams and high foods the of the Preparation of Ice of the of the
the the the or the the this the with the and to the of the. 3.To the the or seconds. try to free that to the pointed or scraper. of Warning! of shock! to of the from the or or the or the of the to the screwdriver first, and than it specification: to V, 15W E14 1.Turn the counterclockwise to"off" of the the and as shown the light the cover and positioning Food than Food airtight and to from fresh food to the of the that with food already the the to than (arrow with shown the hints". Capacity The of the stated the hours). the amount stated the The plate located the back of the
The to the to amounts of fresh food. the with amounts of food every the stated reduced about one-third. The and protection of the The tion as shown the the right of the and Cold The the of food which already The tions, as shown the The the or the of the The of the The the which otherwise would or to the It to hear the operation of the as the flows through the outlet the of the operation, the of the clear, cover them! and
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and food anywhere the should below the the purchased food. food, that the products which or purchased products as as using insulated to such products with bottles, or the IMPORTANT! food together too to allow to around each them. fresh food of the quality. Cool to as as them the food or the boxes or which the food this that the and that to the amount that food cooked which using food the with the of of the of If too the of the food Consequently, amounts than stated the If to the capacity stated reduced about one-third. as the If inexperienced with that purchase containing and
Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECRICITY supply. cloth to and cleaning the as shown the and then clean, the cleaning the cleaning the clean the them. the of (with to the and then turn cleaning scouring or strongly aromatic cleaning to this the and cleaning the outer with to which NOT products.
If something the following service: Defect: Action: light connected and correctly Defect switch or and light food recently of of hours Clean the enough to of of hours light Thermostat too thermostat light too light function active Press light Thermostat too thermostat warmer If to the Service Force to the yourself. Incorrect or to If the switched off the immediately when the re-connected. This If the to the to the heat the process. This heat to the IN CASE OF POWER FAILURE OR BREAKDOWN the of or the there of to the food, the this If the or the this reduce the
from Dishwasher Microwave
From the Group. The