SANTO Integrating and instruction
customer, please the- operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should service to
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf and Starting and food and and and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Housing the
The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please regulations to the should the of please the The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that children themselves the
when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. repaired service repairs to If please or Customer If the supply the its service or to
Appliance Information sound! They or without About the The plastics and as >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that children them- the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Shelf with that to the shelves tion. To them as follows: the shelf from the back, the of the arrow and the Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which ted the the of the The following shows which each each If the to another or free- clearance of the required, to the mation of the of the the supply its service or to of SN C C ST C C
and A. ON/OFF C warmer COOLMATIC function (yellow) COOLTMATIC buttons The using the C and E buttons. These tons to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the buttons, C or E Each of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information.
operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED Starting the the the Press ON/OFF, function the with the function. The Press the C or E The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The the Each the the C. From food of C should sufficiently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching If the off, the that the properly. this the of the matically and the to and humidity. COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC ton. The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light
The the and should to and fresh The shelves to heights: the or and To height the the front of the and of the shelf. The pulled and and other as There front of the the and The the with the Right With the the and
closed. the closed, the of the food the and with which and sideways. The To the of the the shelf with the upwards and of the the and the of the the the operation to the height. food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or or polythene to as as
bootles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the and H. I. ON/OFF the J. warmer K. L. M. FROSTMATIC function (yellow) N. FROSTMATIC O. light P. buttons The the J and L buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the buttons, J or L. of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL
DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED Starting the the the Press ON/OFF (I) the functioning of the whole The The light flashes the reached. The sounds. Pressing P the Press the J or L The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the C. From food of C should sufficiently food the The light,when the reached. Press the ton to off the There of the the of or malfunction, the the amount of the food to become too hours. The only this optimally the the front, the food. You the cooling
FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC ton. The light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The yellow light the of the warning light (O) to and sound. the to the light (O) to flash, although the the pressed, the warmest reached the flashes the Switching the Appliance off The switched off of the the switching off of the switched off the To switch off the the ON/OFF (B) the count of To switch off the the ON/OFF (I) seconds. This count from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF (I) the off the or switch off or the or Finally, the as to of
and food You fresh food yourself. The the C or food. Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- high the foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with free- to the food. the food the food to the as the Unfro- food items already otherwise the food to foods the type, as as
Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the or the supplied. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high Defrosting from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or turn the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. the shelves the them cleaning. cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify using the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Customer Service. Appliance light light light yellow light lights when fuction ted, light light when fuction activated, Appliance cools too too cold. Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the or or malfunctions to corrected Please inform light faulty. service Please inform light faulty. service Turn the tor to warmer porarily..
The light lights sounds of frost, the The immediately the If the than the light switched off the Malfunction properly of food the within the hours. The heat the tight the hinges). Appliance The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the This occurred. This occurred. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary.. Press the free- switch Press the fast switch Please the location" section. Switch the switch, the sed, inform service the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly. the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the and the light function matically
the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the shown the light To switch off the the ON/OFF buttons (I). the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the light the light cover. the back tion. Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer to this recorded Customer Services the of Ireland please the below: AEG (Irl) of Ireland Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 QQ
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply ted the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and stically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Attention! to the from the supply; the therefore easily tion.
Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. reasons, tion as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; Housing the The the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the the the to the from the
To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
AEG LUTON Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Copyright AEG to without