QT3619FX QT3619K QT3549W QT3549FX QT3549K
To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the information Children and people and cleaning Service Switching Switching off Ice function Action function High Child function Temporary To the function Lighting lighting Switch off the lighting of Switch off the Night To the Switch off the Cleaning the Thank choosing of high-quality products. with fresh food of food Shelf the of from the hints and of food and cleaning cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Defrosting of the of What to the the Technical Positioning Location Removing the Rear spacers Connecting the Starting the the first reversibility to without
information the of and to the and first using the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its operation and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. CAUTION! clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing other (such as of they this the the The contained within the of the pliance, with high of compatibility, which theless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the It to the or this to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. information
information WARNING! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. this selected household only. They household the the and the they food products directly the the food once food with the food Appliance's should strictly adhered to. to instructions. or the as the which to to the Ice frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the and the from the the with to frost from the or other heating to defrosting. heat the interior, and the follow the instructions If the If the If the
Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheat To follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced authorized Service and only used. Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the On light and buttons. Action Action light If
light Switching the the If the light and the ON/OFF Select to If the the light off automatically. The light closing and the Switching off Press the ON/OFF countdown completed from The and the light switches off. operation, the shows the the (ACTUAL operation, the flashes the currently (DESIRED To the as follows: the the The flashes the DESIRED the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within Once the DESIRED the the ACTUAL the The from flashing to of the food the following should C the function The switched and when the connected to and Press the to switch and off the Action function The Action function the of fresh food and the protects already from To the function, these Press the Action The Action light and the shows SF To the function, these Press the Action The Action The Action function about hours.
High increase the to earlier or indicated by: light flashing flashing sounding of restored: the acoustic the to the light to the to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then the showing the the the phase, the switched off the button. acoustic sound the The indicated by: light flashing acoustic Press the to the acoustic restored closed) the automatically.
Ice Child function Night/lighting Child function The child function activated Temporary Press or about three seconds the child light The child function reactivated about three seconds. Press buttons and the about three seconds. The or lights to and the To the function Press buttons and the about three seconds. The when activated. Lighting The lighting when operated. lighting that the Press the lighting (about three seconds). Brightness about the used. Switch off the lighting that the Press the the lighting (about three seconds). of The of when the and the released. Stop the from the Switch off the to function" Night This function switches off the of the the To the that the
Press and release the and the lighting Switch off the that the Press and release the and the lighting If increased to the Action the top The Action function automatically. First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the finish. fresh food The fresh food and and food To amount of fresh foods to the To fresh food the Action function least hours the food to the the fresh food to the The amount of food that hours specified the rating plate located the of the The hours: this other food to of food first or of the products the the least hours. The that and easy to the food If of food to the which to to On shelves the top to food that stated the of the section
the of to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this Shelf The the the The and the outwards to the pulled this the functions of the necessary) the feed screw should the
of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their hints and To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food hints and
and cleaning and cleaning CAUTION! the carrying operation. This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and clean to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and of to the cooling the the front to scratching the cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason cloth and cleaning or as these the or coating. cleaning, the to the supply. Cleaning the necessary, the of the and the that from the using only cloth and that the thoroughly or Cleaning the The the and then:
the of the the straight to completely the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the of the the following Switch of the Turn off the Empty the Disconnect the from electricity supply food Clean the and the to the the first to fresh If the to once while to the food from of What to of the often which technician the following chart information about them to service. The operation of the with sounds and sound). This operation. The discontinuously, the of That why the of the the The The properly. What to the and should the to
What to The cushion spacers located the back of the and the The to from together. The sounds. The light flashing. The closed correctly. to or shown the The The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The food too high. The too high. There too frost and The or dirty. The the too cold. The the too The closed correctly. to "Closing the The food too high. The the too of food to the The the too high. occurred meas the The incorrectly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The incorrectly. The incorrectly. Food too to each other. food that there them back necessary, this sound to "To the to "High service (the cooling to food products cold, warmer the than necessary. the food crease to Decrease the to "Closing the warmer the food crease to of food to the
The The connected to the correctly. The There the The switched to "Switching and off the supply. Carry the the supply. The and the tor flashes. The the supply. Carry the the supply. the the the The The defective. to the The to the with tilation The to as the to the service. the Disconnect the from the Press the and the the cover the (E14 with of the and specifically household (the shown the light the The switched off. Switch the the service. The to What to the to the correctly. another ance to the the
Technical Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service Technical Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the Water The least Highest allowed If reduction from WARNING! the where to below The only connected to The connected to WARNING! the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the QT3619FX QT3619K QT3549W QT3549FX QT3549K than
SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The directly the and the top this the the top least that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. Directives. Removing the with to the To them these
the the from the the from the with the this Rear spacers the spacers within the accessory as shown the spacers the back of the and spacers with the Connecting the Water supply should with and within from the This to plumber. There and the The hose cracked, or tight the its location, that the correctly that there the to the the screw enough hand. that the properly the that the "run-off" and which to
the that If the the supplied. Starting the the first to the supply, to "Connecting the the the the and the automatically. It when the sufficiently the first to fresh It to the of the The supply through the to the information. The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com