SANTO and Instructions
customer, operation please these operating instructions They information installation and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working section. futher AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Ice Cubes food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions building Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of from Please to the off the and or ches, to allow to with the or with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher
the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or frost/freezer burns straight from the food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and from the electricity supply. the from the the Service should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should sed of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of its service to as
Warning! of them from the or or to trapped authorised Council or Health Office to the- to the The and the protected and from the of the You of white
Starting and the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the internal ligh- switched The located the right hand of the 0: 1: Hightest (warmest 6 Lowest The should chosen that the the -the of food often the The the and regulated. If to fresh food 6, that the the below 0C. You should the to 3 or 4 this as the fresh food the the to 3 or 4. High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced.
shelves You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the shelf ght. the front of the another to the rear. This to items the the the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back PR270/1
Fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, strong food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, airtight the and food You fresh food yourself. The the 18 C or food. Please the the rating The capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The
increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that tion of other food with to the food. the food the food to the food items already otherwise the food to foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity. There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this tly it the the the fro- food. You the cooling Preparation of Cubes the with the and to
To the the or seconds. try to free that to the pointed or the supplied. food The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the Defrosting from the of the tor every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become progressively cove- with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should as follows: the food from the it layers of newspaper and cool Switch off the and the or the to 0.
the the the the and collecting Once defrosting completed the Turn the thermostat to the or the the Warning! to off the frost mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting their life. Switching off the To switch off the the to tion or from the electricity supply If the to and as as trays. the or switch off Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply.
clean the with cleaner. which shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off. Clean the and the with with of to of the thoroughly. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything the back service. the or other of warmth. High operation of the the and the back of the
foods the Allow foods to first. the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the Something Not If the functioning correctly, please the AEG Service Force Warning! should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance Appliance too too cold. Turn the to warmer The food too lighting Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or blown or malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Light defective. Please the "Chan- the Light section. necessary. Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to Please the tion location" section.
of frost, the The immediately the Water the or shelves. If the there AEG Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the the to the To the light the screw from the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light the light and the screw. Symptom tight (possibly the This occurred. Water D731 the sections of the with than C). At the the correctly. The of the "Cleaning and section.
Service and If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to and 3.Clear and of the What the the 4.The and This information found the the the of the (PNC) (S-No.) of purchase Customer AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ
Conditions Conditions AEG offer following the to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purcha- or The cover 2.The covers or which to or The whe- or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG 4.The or free includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the of AEG. 6.The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; the The the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the the the connected to the from the of SN to C to C D567
P1 P1 D544 Right the P and P1. P from both and the from the right the and P the P1 from the right Housing Height Instructions building-in Apply the as shown D765
the hous- (A) touches the the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and cover (D) Apply covers (B) the D023 C D723 D726
A, B, C, as shown the (A) the of the the and the as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) PR266 PR166 PR33 C C
the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the of the the the and it with the screws supplied. At the of to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of cover (D) (B) PR167 PR168 PR167/1
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327