KO SANTO and Instructions AEG D-90327
operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the customer, Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the Something futher AEG Service Force the chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Location the Reversibility of the Instructions building-in Regulations,
Please this instruction using the and reference. These the interests of them using the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons to of the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become Please to the off the and or to children thoroughly the which the of children If the should become from and of ignition; allow children to with the or with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher
Bottles and the They burst when the high the or burns straight from the the At the of to the Should the of the necessary, the of the properly. clearance of food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and from the electricity supply. the from the the Service PR168 cover (D) (B) should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force PR167/1 >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should The plastics and as follows: sed of waste-paper recycling location. sound. of Appliances Appliance Information This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The Regulations, reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of its service to as This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG
screws supplied. (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the with the Council or Health Office to the- to the authorised Warning! of them from the or or to cover (C) (A) PR166 and from the of the The and the protected You of white PR33 C supplied. the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws PR167
Starting and the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the internal ligh- switched The located the The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or as the fresh food the the Lowest Hightest (warmest right of the regulated. the to or often the -the of food this the and the the of the to that of (C) and included with the the with screws the cover (D) hinges. C D727 Apply covers (B) the D726 High and the to the If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. to continuously. C A, B, C, as shown the PR266
Instructions shown Apply the as You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this shelves D765 the the (1)to the The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the ght. the front of the shelf another to the rear. This to items the shelf the below. the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back the the hous- (A) touches D740 D006 D022
cover or the food, food or the Fresh food To the performance: Meat types): polythene and the the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. this or the food that freely round hints: and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or or polythene to as bottles: these should and should the onions and garlic, airtight the bottle the as the of the from right to to the of the Please the following the and off the Reversibility of the the hinge The the C or food. Please the capacity the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as and food You fresh food yourself. PR78 Unscrew the catch and the If the catch there only necessary; the Mount the the and the
Location to sunlight; should therefore The should ventilated, affected the The to or other of heat; Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked each located the the of the location whose to the which the The found the rating which The following shows which with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that food with tion of other to the food. clear of obstruction; as shown reasons, Attention: SN to C to C of the food the food to the food items already otherwise the food to foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity. the D567 the top and the The of both According to the the with the and to Preparation of Cubes Warning! from the electricity supply the To the the or to free that to the using or the seconds. supplied.
from the of the tor every the The through trough the back of the located the The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the to switch off the supply or to the foodstuffs. defrosting should as follows: where Defrosting to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or Installation The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. the the food from the of newspaper and cool Switch off the and the or the to Once defrosting completed the thermostat to the or the the to off the frost the Warning! The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals Earth as follows: and mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting, their life. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Conditions Conditions of AEG. or plastic. and Slough the instruction or The cover only domestically, household. of or AEG 6.The purchasers rights affected this The from the first purchased with to to the following 4.The or includes both and This relates to and to another AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which purcha- 2.The covers or which to or The whe- or performance to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and This cover such as light 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the 5.Repairs the the repairs become the If should to another country within then The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and country. The account regulations please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to UK To switch off the the to and as as Defrost and clean thoroughly section: If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. Cleaning and trays. Switching off the reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. which shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Warning! allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and or the from cleansers which cleansers. butyric Switch the off and the from the or off. Clean the and the with and with of to of
the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the the thoroughly. If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Service and D037 everything the back service. Please type of telephoning. to know: 3.Clear and of the and the telephone What the the or other of warmth. High of the the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. colder than necessary. The and This information found the plate the the of the Customer of purchase (S-No.) (PNC) food the to The the food then to cool the If the functioning correctly, please the AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please to this recorded High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning.
If, carrying the there with please AEG Service Force service mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase Appliance switched Switch the necessary. Symptom or blown or Appliance the light To switch off the the to V, Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light too cold. Turn the to warmer Appliance too malfunctions to corrected the as as necessary. Please the "Initial section. properly the the light To the light the screw from the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light cover and the screw. Turn the to hand with than C). At the the the sections of the correctly. the Light section. Please the "Chan- Light Please the tion location" section. The heat (possibly the tight of food the within the hours. of frost, the lighting The food too the back ration. D411 The of This occurred. immediately The the the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves.
should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase mechanical or breakdown. service please AEG Service Force If, carrying the necessary there with Appliance switched Switch the necessary. Symptom or blown or Appliance Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the the to the light too cold. Turn the to warmer Appliance cools too malfunctions to corrected the only as as necessary. Please the "Initial section. properly To the light the screw from the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light cover and the screw. the light the Turn the to with than C). At the the the sections of the correctly. the Light section. Please the "Chan- Light Please the tion location" section. The heat (possibly the tight of food the within the hours. of frost, the lighting The food too D411 the back ration. The of This occurred. immediately The the the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves.
the thoroughly. with the the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Service and back service. everything the D037 Please type of telephoning. to know: 3.Clear and of the and the telephone What the than necessary. the than necessary. of the the or other of warmth. High of the cover the and the back cool first. foods the Allow foods to The and This information found the plate the the of the Customer of purchase (PNC) Something then to the food the to The the food Warning! If the functioning correctly, please the AEG Service Force AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please to this recorded High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances serious malfunctioning. Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or
1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which purcha- 2.The covers or which to or The cover whe- or performance to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and This such as light 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the 5.Repairs the the repairs become the If should to another country within then The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and country. The account please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this This to and to another 4.The or includes both and with to to the following The from the first purchased 6.The purchasers rights affected this of or AEG only domestically, household. The cover or the instruction and or plastic. of AEG. UK Conditions Conditions To switch off the the to and as as Defrost and thoroughly section: If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. Cleaning and trays. Switching off the reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply. clean the with cleaner. which shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Warning! allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and or the from cleansers which cleansers. butyric Switch the off and the from the or off. Clean the and the with and with of to of Commercially used.
Defrosting where defrosting should as follows: to switch off the supply or to the from the of the tor every the The through trough the back of the located the The however, become covered with frost. This should with whenever the thickness of the frost this operation it when the becomes thick the to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. the Warning! the to off the frost newspaper and cool the food from the layers of to Switch off the and the or turn the or the the Once completed the thermostat to the The wires the coloured with the the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals Earth as follows: and mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the their life. of the food defrosting, The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
affected the The The should ventilated, should therefore to or other of heat; to sunlight; Location Allow food to The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked location whose to the which the The found the rating which The following shows which located the the of the each with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that food with tion of other to the food. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: as shown clear of obstruction; the food the food to the food items already otherwise the food to foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity. The of both According to the the top and the D567 the the with the and to Preparation of Cubes Disconnect from the electricity supply the Warning! To the the or to free that to the using pointed or the seconds. supplied.
To the performance: food food or the cover or the food, hints: food that freely round this only or the the Meat types): polythene and the shelf shelf. foods, dishes, these should covered and the and these should thoroughly cleaned and as bottle the the and these should airtight or or polythene to as bottles: these should and should the onions and garlic, airtight the of the from right to to the of the Please the following the and off the Reversibility of the the and food You fresh food yourself. food. The the C or Please the capacity the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of only to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as PR78 the catch If there Unscrew the catch and the necessary; the Mount the the and the
Apply the as shown Instructions building-in You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this shelves the screws the the to the D765 The height of the shelves To this the it upwards or and Please the to the ght. the front of the another to the rear. This to items the the below. the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back D740 the hous- (A) touches the D006 D022
and or as the the thoroughly. the of the with with of to of this -the of food the to or the regulated. right of the Hightest (warmest Lowest the the internal ligh- switched The located the The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or as the fresh food the the the and the the of the to that of (C) and included with the the with screws the cover (D) hinges. C D727 Apply covers (B) the D726 to continuously. and off as and defrosting recommenced. High and the to the If this turn the back to warmer to At this the switched C A, B, C, as shown the PR266
(A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. Warning! of them from the or or to children Council or Health Office to the- to the authorised PR166 cover (C) (A) and from the of the The and the protected You of using white C PR33 the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. PR167
the the Bottles and the They burst when the high straight from the or burns Should the of the At the of to the necessary, of the properly. the clearance of the food. food with to the from the electricity supply. cleaning the switch off the and Service the the from the PR168 cover (D) (B) Force should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service PR167/1 Appliance Information of Appliances sound. sed of recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The Regulations, its service to as reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG
operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the customer, Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not the light Service and Conditions Location the Reversibility of the Instructions building-in Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons to of the should the of please The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become Please to the off the and or ches, to thoroughly the which the situated. of If the should become from and of ignition; allow to with the or with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher
KO SANTO and Instructions AEG D-90327