KG Instructions
customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or the (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances of the Starting and shelves the Correct positioning of foods and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something the light Service and Conditions Location Rear spacers the the Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of children from Please to the off the and or to allow to with the or with the with or
There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the creams or burns straight from the food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and from the electricity supply. the from the the Service should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should sed of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of
its service to as Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or to authorised The and the protected and from the of the You of white of the Thermostat knob/Ambient switch with shelves and the food and food only)
Starting and the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the internal ligh- switched The located the RH of the 0: 1: Hightest (warmest 6 Lowest The should chosen that the the -the of food often the The the and regulated. If to fresh food 6, that the the below 0C. You should promptly the to 3 or 4 this High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. shelves You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and
Please the to the the front of the another to the rear. This to items the below. the the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back Correct positioning of foods physical reasons, the The the shelf, the and The warmest the top shelves and the shelves. The following shows the to of food. D006
Cover or food it the This from or to other foods. The following or food with covers; and food You fresh food yourself. The the 18 C or food. Please the the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that tion of other
food with to the food. To fresh food thermostat the the below 0C. You should promptly the to 3 or 4 this the food to the the or than necessary. Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. Defrosting The every the The through trough the back of the the where Defrosting of with of frost to the located the which automatically. The collected the the from which this the and frost free.
Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to and as as trays. Switch off the turning the to tion or from the electricity supply. the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply or turn the to 0. the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered.
Clean the and the with with of to of mercially used. the thoroughly. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything back service. the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the of the increases tion. this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. the switched off.
Something Not Working If the functioning correctly, please the contacting AEG Service Force Warning! Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Malfunction Appliance Appliance cools too too cold. Turn the to warmer temporarily.. The food too lighting Appliance switched Switch the or blown or malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Light Please the the Light section. necessary. Please the "Starting and tion" section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to porarily. Please the tion location" section.
of frost, the The immediately the Water the or shelves. If, carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, tight (possibly the hinges). Appliance The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the This occurred. Water the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly. the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the "Cleaning and section.
To switch off the the to the To the light the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. Service and If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to know: and telephone 3.Clear and of the What the the 4.The and of purchase This information found the plate the the of the (PNC) Customer AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ D731
Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which purcha- or The cover 2.The covers or which to or The whe- or performance to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG 4.The or free includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the of AEG. 6.The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each flows from the the front, and flows upwards, the back. that the covered or obstructed. If the clearance of the top of the and the of SN to C to C
Rear the rear spacers contained the to of heat tion. Proceed the illustrated the the the the front of the to screwing them or as required. the The which the from the right (factory fitted) to the Warning! the the the connected to the from the the AEG68 AEG69 AEG70
Proceed as follows: the from the Unscrew the hinge and the the screws. the screw from the and them the right-hand Unscrew the screws the Unscrew the and the With screwdriver, the cove- the the and them the right-
the To this the clockwise with screwdriver and them. Turn the as shown and them the the and turning them clockwise turn. Unscrew the from the top and the to the washers. the the top the the of the to the washers. the the the the hinge the of the the If necessary, the of the the cover the
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327