SANTO DT Instructions AEG D-90327 to without Copyright AEG
operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this Dear customer, the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk To and please
Appliance Information of Appliances the to Initial and shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
to the of the from the Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the hand- Unscrew the top from the and screw the right- Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the from right the screws as the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with Attention! The aspects of comply with technical and the Appliance Nevertheless, The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the Alterations or to the reasons of If the or forpurposes other than the cooling, or of foods,please the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves the household It therefore that obligation to of the following information: of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and with the regulations and of ignition; which nevertheless other to that caused. of the
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the or the house or switch off the tridges the the tongue and injury. the food. Service The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the tory supplied) to the the Proceed as follows: the rehand. the (D). the (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the using the screws previously cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), the of the (G) and the remount them the other (H) the the fixing screws. the the (H). should to the inexperienced or sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service >PE< the outer covering and the the serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force waste-paper recycling location. Appliance Information without as of Appliances lows:
Positioning SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C with restricted and sunlight. this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the which located the the of the This should only location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each Warning! of them from the or or to authorised the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household and from the of the The and the protected service or the where purchased the with that to the shelves the the tion of the arrow, the shelf from the and To them as follows: freed and the The tion. Rear spacers operation. Proceed illustrated the spacers the to of heat the
the Screw the top to the the the top the top of the and screw the to the bot- the screws as the the of the Attention! The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious that the cut-off of the the sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. lowing
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS ted the rating to stically, household. This cover: authorised the United light or of or plastic. to to the following the operating and instructions. the country of this or of products. OF CHARGE or that: these hours which charged. of and to and This to and other rights. The from the first purchased This relates to and to another or become the Company's property. The account country. Products of which within the Community (EC) or that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE The correctly and only the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service UK Please the and to Starting and section: Cleaning and the of the the with earth the the internal lighting switched The located the should chosen the that the The the and If the fresh food that the the 0C. You High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and should promptly the to or means: Hightest (warmest off as and defrosting recommenced. the RH of the the often the -the of food regulated. continuously. shelves to Initial You should of the the lowest of the and the The height of the shelves and this
To this the shelf upwards the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them Meat types): polythene and the the this only or foods, dishes, these should covered and and these should thoroughly cleaned and and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, Please the to the food or the cover or the food, food that freely round and food food the To the performance: or and the provided. back the the shelf. hints: the the of service, or to purchase telephone routed to the Service Force of Service Force and further information please Service Force telephoning: about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. covering Service and please the Service Force to following 4.The and of the (found the rating Please that purchase or service the heading Something Not 3.Clear and of the and telephone 5.The purchase Customer The the C or Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of only to of that the rating The of the food when it You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as food. concerning or futher information products, please Cus- tomer or telephone the below or to this recorded Appliances Customer www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ
and backwards. the the light the light To switch off the the to To the light the Press the light cover as shown the light cover and the the back (the shown the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the tion. screw. screw. Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of Not the or than food items already otherwise the food with free- Please the specified the high the increased formation and increase the the food to the shelf. Preparation of Cubes tridges the food to other to the food. necessary. the with the To the the or try to free that to the pointed or seconds. and to The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high The of
The become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the tickness of the fro- the from the or the thermostat to food, layers newspaper and the thermostat to the or the the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the of the food defrosting thawing other than those recommended the should as follows: when defrosting completed, the thoroughly Switching off the The through trough the back of the that the defrost-water outlet with the provided, located the of the where their life. the Defrosting or Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or Appliance Please the "Initial section. tor to colder Turn the rarily. the only as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected defective. Turn the tor to warmer porarily. within the of food the hours. too cold. Appliance cools too properly The food too Please the location" section. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the hinges). The heat of frost, the lighting To switch off the the to the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of Switch off the and the slightly. If necessary, the of the the The touching the or other touching another of the the of the or the Appliance The of the "Cleaning and section. Water This occurred. The immediately the Water the or shelves.
with or cleaner. everything back service. with the of the included with the of the increases this reason the the back of the once the the of the Clear cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the The of protects and therefore Clean the with cloth and Commercially reasons the interior, including The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the offand the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! cleaning and products required. The back service. cleaning with fresh and used. these. to the of should cleaned regularly. Attention! Warning! or of the Cleaning and tion of the of clean. then to cool the as as necessary. than necessary. the back of the the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the first. What to Correcting Malfunctions or Service Force Warning! Repairs to only malfunction caused that rectify using the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please food and the food from the food Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and allow such to with Commercially used. of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and cleaning with fresh and or the from or the or cleansers which cleansers. butyric tion).
of the increases this reason the the back of the once the the of the Clear with the of the included with the everything back service. with or cleaner. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the The of protects and therefore Clean the with cloth and Commercially reasons the interior, including The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the offand the from the or switch off or the clean the with cleaner. of shock! cleaning and products required. The back service. cleaning with fresh and used. these. to the of should cleaned regularly. Attention! Warning! or of the Cleaning and the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the the back of the cover than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first. malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please Warning! to or Service Force Correcting Malfunctions What to food and the food from the food Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and allow such to with Commercially used. of newspaper. cool covered. Ethereal and cleaning with fresh and or the from or the or cleansers which cleansers. butyric tion).
Defrosting the their life. where The through trough the back of the that the defrost-water outlet with the located the of the Switching off the when completed, the thoroughly defrosting should as follows: thawing other than those recommended the The become covered with frost. This should with Whenever the tickness of the fro- the from the or the thermostat to food, newspaper and the thermostat to the or the the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the of the food defrosting or Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or Appliance Please the "Initial section. tor to Turn the rarily. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected defective. Turn the tor to warmer porarily. within the of food the hours. too cold. Appliance cools too properly The food too Please the location" section. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the hinges). The heat of frost, the lighting and Switch off the the to the of If the to and as as trays. To switch off the turn the to the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning the slightly. If necessary, the of the the The touching the or other touching another of the the of the or the Appliance The of the "Cleaning and section. Water This occurred. The immediately the Water the or shelves.
Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the shown the light To switch off the the to To the light the Press the light cover as shown the light cover and the the back the light the light the and backwards. screw. screw. tion. Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- tight to that they or their and that of Not the or than food items already otherwise the food with free- Please the specified the high the increased formation and increase the the food to the shelf. Preparation of Ice Cubes the food to other to the food. necessary. the with the To the the or to free that to the or seconds. and to The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high The of
hints: the shelf. the the back the or and To the performance: the food and food food that freely round cover or the food, food or the Please the to the shelf height. To this the upwards the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them Meat types): polythene and the the this or foods, dishes, these should covered and and these should thoroughly cleaned and and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, the of service, or to purchase telephone routed to the Service Force of Service Force and further information please Service Force telephoning: about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. covering Service and please the Service Force to following 4.The and of the (found the rating Please that purchase or service the heading Something Not Working. 3.Clear and of the and telephone 5.The purchase Customer food. right through to the as as You fresh food yourself. The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when concerning or futher information products, please Cus- tomer or telephone the below or to this recorded Appliances Customer www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE The correctly and only the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service Products of which within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which OF CHARGE or that: the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Please the and to Starting and section: Cleaning and the of the the with earth the the lighting switched The located the should chosen the that the The the and If the fresh food that the the 0C. You High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and should promptly the to or Lowest Hightest (warmest off as and defrosting recommenced. the RH of the the often the -the of food regulated. continuously. shelves to Initial You should of the the lowest of the and the The height of the shelves and this
of the the Screw the top to the the the top the top of the and screw the to the bot- the screws as the Attention! the The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
This should only location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the the of the operation this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or to children authorised the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household and from the of the The and the protected service or the where purchased the with that to the shelves the the tion of the arrow, the from the and To them as follows: freed and the The tion. the spacers the to of heat the illustrated Proceed operation. Rear spacers
the tongue and injury. the tridges the or the house or switch off the with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the Service food. The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the tory supplied) to the the Proceed as follows: the rehand. the (D). the (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the the screws cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), the of the (G) and it the remount them the other (H) the the fixing screws. the the (H). of Appliances as without Appliance Information waste-paper recycling location. serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PE< the covering and the the should to the Repairs inexperienced or sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which free of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service lows:
Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the hand- Unscrew the top from the and screw the right- Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the from right the screws as the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with from the of the the to Attention! The aspects of comply with technical and the Appliance Nevertheless, The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the or forpurposes other than the cooling, or of foods,please the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of and of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves children the household It therefore that to of the following information: of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and with the and of ignition; which nevertheless other to that caused. of the
Appliance Information of Appliances the to Initial Starting and shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this customer, the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
SANTO DT Instructions AEG D-90327 to without Copyright AEG