KO SANTO Integrating and Instructions
please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the Additional information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and switch shelves food and food Ice Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions built-in Regulations,
Please this instruction using the and reference. These the interests of them the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children from Please to the off the and or to allow to with the or with the with or There of with such fire
extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or burns straight from the food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the Service should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should sed of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of its service to as
Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or to Information concerning or locations obtained from the authorities or The and the protected and from the of the You of white
Starting and Please the and to the the the supply. the the internal ligh- switched The located the RH of the 0: 1: Hightest (warmest 6 Lowest The should chosen that the the -the of food often the The the and regulated. If to fresh food 6, that the the below 0C. You should promptly the to 3 or 4. High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. switch With below +16C the free- function correctly. If the than +16C to switch (A). The light D484
shelves You should of the shelves the lowest of the and the and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the ght. the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below. the the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back D006
food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the and food You fresh food yourself. The the 18 C or food. Please the the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as
Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that tion of other food with to the food. the food the food to the food items already otherwise the food to food, the switch (A) hours the food without the thermostat The light At the of the process, to the switch to increase of the foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity. If of food to and from and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section
There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this the the front, the food. You the cooling Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or it seconds. try to that to the or the supplied. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the Defrosting from the of the tor every the The through trough the back of the the where
The however, become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the tickness of the frost this operation to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should as follows: the food from the of newspaper and cool Switch off the and the or or the the the the the and collecting Once completed the Turn the thermostat to the or the the Warning! to off the frost mechanical or to the thawing other than those the of the food defrosting shorten their life. Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to and as as trays.
Switch off the turning the to tion the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Warning! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and
the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything back service. the near or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the of the increases tion. this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner. the switched off.
Something Not Working If the functioning correctly, please the AEG Service Force Warning! Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance Appliance cools too too cold. Turn the to warmer temporarily.. The food too lighting of frost, the Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the or blown or malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Light Please the "Chan- the Light section. tight (possibly the hinges). necessary. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to colder porarily. Please the tion location" section. the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to tion the To the light the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light the light and the screw. the back ration. Malfunction Appliance The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the This occurred. Water D411 the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the "Cleaning and section.
Service and If, carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service and If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to know: and telephone 3.Clear and of the What the the 4.The and of purchase This information found the plate the the of the (PNC) Customer AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ
Conditions Conditions AEG offer following to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purcha- or The cover 2.The covers or which to or The cover whe- or performance to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the nearst service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG 4.The or free includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the of AEG. 6.The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each each reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; of SN to C to C ST to C to C D567
the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the P1 P1 D544 Right the P and P1. P from both and the from the it the right and P the P1 from the right Housing Height
Instructions built-in the hous- (A) touches the If the previously operation there the and the the together with the the (A). the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and cover (D) D023 D265 C D723
Press the covers the and the Apply covers (B) cover and the (A) the top and of the of the as shown and the of the the screw the to the screws. D724 D726 PR33
both the and that of the to the plates the the of the and the together and the the plates and the with of the the and screw the screws the of the necessary, the clearance of the At the of the that the of the and the properly. PR34 PR35
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327