and Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or (Warning!, Please the following instructions Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working section. futher AEG Service Force the chapter 2Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and switch shelves the food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions building Regulations,
Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of them using the The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children from Please to the off the and or to allow to with the or with the with or There of with such fire
extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or frost/freezer burns straight from the food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Service should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should sed of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of its service to as
Warning! of them from the or or to trapped Information concerning or locations obtained from the authorities or town The and the protected and from the of the You of using white
and the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the internal ligh- switched The located the RH of the 0: 1: Hightest (warmest 6 Lowest The should chosen that the the -the of food often the The the and regulated. If to fresh food 6, that the the below 0C. You should promptly the to 3 or 4, this High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. switch With below +16C the free- function correctly. If the than +16C to switch (A). The light D710
shelves You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the ght. the front of the another to the rear. This to items the below. the the food red, the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back PR270
food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the and food You fresh food yourself. The the 18 C or food. Please the the rating The capacity the of food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as
Allow food to cool The warmth increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher the and the They burst when the high the foods tight to that they or their and that tion of other food with to the food. To within the please the the food the food to the food items otherwise the food to fresh food, the switch (A) hours the food without the thermostat The light At the of the process, to the switch to increase of the foods the type, as as To the of the the the Food section). This of the and therefore electricity.
There of the the of or malfunction, the the amount of the food to become too hours. The this the the front, the food. You the cooling Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to that to the or the supplied. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the Defrosting from the of the tor the The through trough
the back of the the where that the located the of the the to the flowing to foods the provided, which already the The of the Switching off the To switch off the the to or from the electricity supply. If the to and as as trays. the or switch off. Clean and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! carrying cleaning or the from the electricity supply. clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The it back service. Warning! Ethereal and
or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with with of to of the thoroughly. Check the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything back service. the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the
Something Not If the functioning correctly, please the contacting AEG Service Force Warning! should service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance Appliance cools too too cold. Turn the to warmer temporarily.. The food too lighting of frost, the Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or blown or defective. malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Light Please the the Light section. tight (possibly the hinges). Check necessary. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to porarily. Please the location" section. the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the or shelves. If, carrying the there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to tion the To the light the light cover. Unhook the light cover as shown. the light the light and the screw. the back ration. Symptom This occurred. Water D411 The of the "Cleaning and section.
Service and If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Please type of telephoning. to and 3.Clear and of the What the the 4.The and of purchase This information found the the the of the (PNC) (S-No.) Customer AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products please Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ
Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this 1.The months when the to the first purchaser, which purcha- or The cover 2.The covers or which to or The whe- or performance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. 3.Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG 4.The or free includes both and 5.Repairs the the repairs become the of AEG. 6.The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! from the electricity supply the of SN to C to C D567
P1 P1 D337 Right the P and P1. P from both and the (A) from the and (B-C-D) from the right (B-C-D) the and (A) the right and P the P1 from the right Housing Height Instructions building-in Apply the as shown C C D765
the hous- (A) touches the the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and cover (D) Apply covers (B) cover and D023 C D723 D726
A, B, C, as shown the (A) the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) PR266 PR166 PR33 C C
the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, necessary to the of the properly. (D) (B) PR167 PR168 PR167/1
If the to the of the the screws the fixing (E), the as shown the and re-tighten the screws. Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV D735
AEG D-90327