INSTRUCTIONS OPERATING AND INSTALLATION Tricity Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Consumer telephone FRIDGE-FREEZER TBFF
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the screws fixing (D), the as shown the and If the to the of the Then cover (E). the screws. Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If the If these this this through which the or shelves. should and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to children the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
the or its the of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused household service or the where and this household to of this please city office, the the recycling of that this treated as information about recycling of this purchased the The of Appliances and as shown the and the of the the of the with the screws supplied. Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Positioning Shelf the The fresh food food food the and the the and the as indicated the together the and the Normal operating sounds meat shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the from the outer of the where the the and of (K). the the and with the screws supplied. Something Not Service and Customer Conditions the light Defrosting At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of
with the of the where the of the the the that fitted. the the the of the the the and that the stated the of the section (where to with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION using (I (P included with the the with screws the first or of then the thermostat to the the products the the least hours the the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE RE- FROZEN. food and OFF (O) thermostat with The the and the The usually the Turn the thermostat to the the and the Apply the the the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. cooling plate Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the as shown the (B) and cover (E) Apply covers (C-D) cover and as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the burns. If of food to and from the and hours to of fresh It to the thermostat food to the of the as this the when fresh food. food cooling shelves. food. of food and The four-star fresh foods. The fresh food
such as or plastic, which the through them. the shelves with protective or the food, To the performance, food or the Fresh food food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely defrosted cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking Instructions built-in the of the as follows the The with the the right or the polythene and top of the meat or To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the spacer. the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling bottles: these should and should the bottle the Normal Sounds the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. Defrosted cooked food Unscrew the and the and them the the the and the the the the becomes airtight and as or to the from the The meat as The and when meat the allows the to breathe. meat To allow the clearances Recess shown Furthermore, that the with the following
WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 Service Force obtained from the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive The of the that the shelves as shelves the from the off with the following The the coloured the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of modifications. EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and modifications; EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the To of food of the the of the the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves and Earth as follows: If the of the wires with the the terminals the of the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the The moulded the incorporates
there obstructions the the of from closing properly. or the too as the and the to switch to the To the from should the foods which HINTS AND TIPS Food It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without The following should Once should and Cream: arrive the straight The of insulated food food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and Cleaning. the food and as as that food the and and to that food its uncovered.food. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning should and Can there crystals within them. Should and quickly. If should cooked and Can without of Meat: and Dishes: Shellfish: The The the of months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating the to of heat, or to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C Should cooked and as fresh Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Joints: Food which to (when cool) should the to the and that the of the the cool obstructed. food to cool to the or frosting the airtight them the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following with that to the shelves Shelf defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the of the arrow freed and the the from the back, the To them as follows:
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS TOTAL POWER ABSORBED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning STAR RATING GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY Unscrew the light cover and then outward from Service Force as shown the Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the the and where located. This based with EN The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or year the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
to the throughly replacing. with the this to the from the and the the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. Tricity that within months of the of the purchase this Tricity or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS of newspaper and food from the and (O) or the from the the thermostat to the OFF the the of the the and the of the low-sided beneath the to the Clean and thoroughly. defrosting (once or year) as follows: and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Tricity Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. This cover: the least hour, the previously food the the to the or the thermostat to functioning the of the Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. The the and the and as the country of this or of products. Appliances found to within those which to Products of Tricity which Tricity Customer this of defrosting the the the food defrosting, the thermostat and their life. The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. If should to another country within then with to to the following The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased Ireland please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Tricity Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Working? www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the the thermostat the turned to the relative to there checking the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the blown. the blown. The the or section too high The light to the Telephone service the of Ireland CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Please that purchase or service Tricity the If to allow the to the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The Customer Tricity Appliances to this recorded products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- concerning Tricity or further information Tricity LU4 9QQ Bedfordshire of food recently the and/or that nothing the from that obstructed. the and the the and clean. to operating sounds. frost and built Water the customers should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
the of service, or to purchase please Tricity Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not telephone routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service the of Ireland Telephone Tricity the If to allow the to the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The concerning Tricity or further information Tricity products, please Customer or as follows:- to this recorded Tricity Appliances Customer Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and the the and clean. to operating sounds. frost and built Water the customers should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service
this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this throughly to the replacing. Tricity that within months of the of the purchase this Tricity or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS defrosting (once or as follows: Clean and thoroughly. beneath the to the of the low-sided the and the the the of the the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the food from the and sheets of newspaper and and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Tricity Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. This cover: the of the the thermostat to functioning the to the or the hour, the previously food the least Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. The the and the and as the country of this or of products. Appliances found to within those which to Products of Tricity which Tricity Customer their life. the thermostat and the food defrosting, defrosting the the this of The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. If should to another country within then with to to the following The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased Ireland please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY STAR RATING Unscrew the light cover and then outward from Service Force as shown the Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the This based with EN the and where located. The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or year the of the performance of with or cleaner, as and the the back of the the and electricity cleaning the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
Food HINTS AND TIPS neither foods which should the To the from to the to switch the and the or the too as from closing properly. the of there the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning uncovered.food. that food its and and to that food the as as the food and to around each food together too to allow clean, to and food from and food the immediately. food straight The of insulated arrive the Cream: and Once should The following should without should the food If there the of foods, the closed. If the within which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning heat, or the to of foods and pre-treating months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the The the of The Shellfish: Dishes: and of Meat: Can without If should cooked and Should and quickly. within them. Can there crystals should and to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C them the airtight frosting the the or food to cool to obstructed. the cool and that the of the the to Food which to (when cool) should the Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked Should cooked and as fresh building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following with that to the shelves Shelf the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of of the arrow freed and the the from the back, the To them as follows:
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The of the that the shelves as shelves easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The the coloured with the following the from the off To of food of the shelf the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: Positioning the shelves the of If the of the wires with the the as follows: and Earth or coloured and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and should eaten as as or thrown food which allowed to thaw then food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which Instructions built-in the of the as follows the The with the the right or the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while instructions, the type of or food: follow the of or thawing the the their should directly ready-cooked directly or the Meat this these should thoroughly cleaned and the hints: To correctly, airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as or polythene and top of the from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top Unscrew the and the and them the Unscrew the and the spacer. the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to Normal Sounds or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds or to the shelves. when the through the the bottle the bottles: these should and should and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring Unscrew the and the and them the the the and the the meat allows the to breathe. The and when meat the The meat as the from the or to as the the becomes airtight and To allow the clearances Recess shown Height Furthermore, that the with the following
the of the the the and that the fitted. the the the the that where the of the with the of the stated the of the section (where to with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION the with screws the included with the (I (P first or of then turn the thermostat to the the products the the least hours the the of the The to thaw, and and the Should the food food the affected the DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE RE- FROZEN. food and OFF (O) thermostat with The the and the The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the the Apply the the and the carbonated the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) as shown the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the burns. If of food to and from the and hours to of fresh It to the thermostat food to the of the as this the when fresh food. food cooling shelves. food. of commercially food and The four-star fresh foods. The fresh food
of Appliances purchased the that this treated as information about recycling of this the the recycling of please city office, household handed to of this and this of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused household service or the where the or its the The and as shown the and the of the the of the with the screws supplied. CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the cover the The fresh food food food Technical Positioning Shelf the and the the and the as indicated the together the and the Normal operating sounds meat shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the from the outer of the where the the and of (K). the the and with the screws supplied. the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of
cover reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION If the to the of the the as shown the and the screws fixing (D), the screws. Then (E). Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
OPERATING AND INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Tricity Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Consumer telephone TBFF FRIDGE-FREEZER