SANTO KG Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ
Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) switching please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this Dear the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk To and please
Appliance Information of Appliances the and Starting the Accessories shelves Fresh food and Starting the and food Preparation of Cubes Ice Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations, Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the hand- Unscrew the top from the and screw the right- Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the from right the screws as the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with from the of the the to Attention!
rehand. (H). the the as follow: the the fixing screws. (H) the remount them the other (G) and the the of the the clip-in the (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the using the screws cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), tory supplied) to the the The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the (D). The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, obligation to of the following infor- The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the other than the cooling, or of foods, please the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves children the household It therefore that with or of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the If the should become and with the and of ignition; which nevertheless to other of children that caused. mation:
There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the should to the Repairs inexperienced or >PS< the which free of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service >PE< the covering and the the interior. serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force or the house or switch off the The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. Appliance Information sound! the as the of Appliances tongue and the Service food. This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the the of the operation this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning Warning! of them from the or or Council or Health Office to there to trapped authorised the spacers the to of heat the Proceed operation. Rear spacers
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS of correctly, the and health, which other- this treated as household caused of this city office, household service to the the recycling the or its that of and this information about recycling of this please or the where purchased the The to the and from the of the The and the protected with shelf that to the shelves the shelf the tion of the arrow, the from the and To them as follows: the freed and the tion. coloured red. coloured as follows: and Earth The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals the the sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious Screw the top to the the the top the top of the and screw the to the bot- the screws as the the of the Attention!
and AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS warmer colder COOLMATIC function "ON" (yellow) ON/OFF COOLMATIC G. A. B. C. D. E. F. The the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. to the DESIRED ACTUAL buttons, C or E hours. The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information.
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service operation, the currently the the flashing the currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF The The Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the DESIRED currently flashes the the the food the immediately switching to C. COOLMATIC The purchase telephone service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light of hours. ton. The yellow light the function LU4 9QQ Bedfordshire AEG Appliances to this recorded The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of
Press (C) continuously the H appears the The the to +8C, 8C the H. the the function the The with function To the function, (C). the slightly. Malfunction the The touching the or other Appliance You should of the the lowest of the and the and the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them The height of the shelves To this the or and Please the to the the this back shelves ght. o off the the C the OF appears the (F). Press the C about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the turned off. The switches off. Turning OFF the If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the To switch off the the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back shown the light the light the light cover. the the arrow. B. tion. the light The shelf incorporates with of which to the the the to warmer and greater humidity. the to cooler and Humidity
What to Correcting Malfunctions Warning! tioning of the contacting AEG Service Force the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious To the the (as shown the the cleaning The and There the that tions to allow the There the of the to the and from that the to or Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the Appliance properly Appliance cools too too cold. blown or corrected malfunctions to porarily. tor to warmer Turn the necessary. the as as section. Please the "Initial Meat types): polythene and the the this or the cover or the food, strong food or the food that freely round To the performance: hints: Food The food too lighting The heat within the the of food Light the Light section. Please the correctly. the C). At the than such that the sections of the with rarily. Turn the tor to location" section. Please the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, provided. the the the of frost, tight the
and of the increases this reason the the back of the once cleaning with fresh and year with or cleaner. the the rear of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. warmer FROSTMATIC function "ON" (yellow) FROSTMATIC light M. H. N. K. J. L. I. The the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the buttons, J or L). hours. the or other of warmth. High and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the rear than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first.
Cleaning and of the these. used. cleaning with fresh and cleaning and products required. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the The of protects and therefore Clean the with cloth and Commercially The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED should cleaned regularly. reasons the interior, including Warning! Attention! or to the of The back service. The should connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. butyric cleansers. cleansers which or the or or the from Ethereal and Commercially used. allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and tion). Press ON/OFF The The Press the J or L The switches and the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing N the food the ton to off the C.
The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually protects already from the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light the FROSTMATIC The light ton. The light FROSTMATIC from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where The however, become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the whe- the tickness of the frost this operation when the becomes thick the Turn the thermostat to the or the the mechanical or to the of the food thawing other than those recommended the to switch off the supply or to the Once defrosting completed the to off the frost defrosting should as follows: the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or or the the the the and their life. the Warning! Defrosting the of the the to the warning light (N) the pressed, the warmest reached the light (N) to and sound. to flash, although the Turning OFF the flashes the o off the the J the OF appears the (K). Press the J about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the off. The switches off. Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly Finally, the as to of If the to Turn off the (please the section: Cleaning and of off.
Preparation of Cubes and to seconds. the with the To the the or try to that to the pointed or the supplied. The the C or Please the capacity the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- To of food or to the allowed tity, the switch hours the food without Not the or than Please the specified the high the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the food to the top tridges the the thermostat other food. to the food. and food The the of The to foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating cooling There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the front, the food. You the
the with the To the the or try to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- To of food or to the allowed tity, the switch hours the food without Not the or than absolutely Please the specified the high the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the food to the top the the thermostat other food. to the food. and food The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high The the of the of or malfunction, the the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling
FROSTMATIC ton. The yellow light the FROSTMATIC The yellow light the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light protects already from The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where The however, become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the whe- the tickness of the frost this it when the becomes thick the Turn the thermostat to the or the the mechanical or to the of the food thawing other than those recommended the to switch off the supply or to the Once defrosting completed the to off the frost should as follows: the food from the of newspaper and Switch off the and the or or the the the the and their life. the cool Warning! Defrosting flashes the Turning OFF the to flash, although the warning light (N) to and sound. the of the the to the light (N) the pressed, the warmest reached the Switching the Appliance off off. The switches off. o off the the J the OF appears the (K). Press the J about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the off. of section: Cleaning and Turn off the (please the aboce If the to Finally, the as to of To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly
cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the The of protects and therefore Clean the with cloth and Commercially cleaning and products required. cleaning with fresh and used. these. of the Cleaning and The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED reasons the including should cleaned regularly. The should connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the clean the with cleaner. of shock! The back service. to the of or Attention! Warning! operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED the (ACTUAL displayed. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. it cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and allow such to with Commercially used. Ethereal and or the from or turn the or cleansers which cleansers. tion). Press ON/OFF The The Press the J or L The switches and the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing N the food the ton to off the C.
and of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once cleaning with fresh and with or cleaner. the the rear of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. light FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC function "ON" colder warmer I. J. L. K. H. N. M. buttons buttons, J or L). connected to the The the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL hours. the near or other of warmth. High and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the rear colder than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first.
the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force tioning of the Warning! Correcting Malfunctions What to To the the (as shown the the cleaning The and There the that tions to allow the There the of the to the and from that the to Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the tor to warmer porarily. blown or properly too cold. Appliance cools too Appliance Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this or the cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: hints: Food Please the location" section. tor to colder Turn the rarily. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. Please the the Light section. Light of food the within the hours. The heat lighting The food too foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, provided. the the tight the of frost, the
To the function, (C). The with function the the function the Press (C) continuously the H appears the The the displayed to +8C, 8C the H. the slightly. Malfunction the The touching the or other Appliance shelves back this The height of the shelves To this the or and Please the to the the You should of the the lowest of the and the and the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them ght. Turning OFF the turned off. The switches off. o off the the C the OF appears the (F). Press the C about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the If, carrying the there with customers should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the Warning! There of the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the To switch off the the To the light the and the the the indicated the back shown the light the light the light cover. the the arrow. B. tion. the light humidity. The incorporates with of which to the the the to warmer and humidity. the to cooler and
the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and operation, the currently the the flashing the currently (DESIRED the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF The The Press the C or E button. The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the DESIRED currently flashes the the the food the immediately switching to C. COOLMATIC please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or Appliances The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC button The yellow light of hours. ton. The yellow light the function to this recorded AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of
and AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS COOLMATIC ON/OFF buttons COOLMATIC function "ON" (yellow) colder warmer F. E. A. B. C. D. G. buttons, C or E ACTUAL DESIRED connected to the indicated flashing numbers. The the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The that selected the The DESIRED hours. The of information. The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The the the
The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. of correctly, the and health, which other- this treated as household Instead caused of this city office, household service handed to the the recycling the or its that of and this information about recycling of this please or the where purchased the The to the and from the of the The and the protected with that to the shelves the shelf the tion of the arrow, the from the and To them as follows: the freed and the tion. The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. Screw the top to the the the top the top of the and screw the to the bot- the screws as the the of the Attention!
Service the tongue and of Appliances the as the sound! Appliance Information waste-paper recycling location. The plastics and as follows: or the house or switch off the serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PE< the covering and the the There of with such fire extinguisher and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the should to the Repairs inexperienced or >PS< the which free of The from and should of reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service food. This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the the of the operation this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning authorised to Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or Council or Health Office to there the contained the to of heat the illustrated Proceed operation. Rear spacers
The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the tory supplied) to the the the the (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the using the screws cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), it the of the (G) and the remount them the other (H) the the fixing screws. the the as follow: the (H). rehand. (D). The aspects of with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the other than the cooling, or of foods, please the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves the household It therefore that with or of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and children with the regulations and of ignition; which nevertheless to other of children that caused. mation:
Appliance Information of Appliances the and Starting the shelves food and Starting the and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations, Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the hand- Unscrew the top from the and screw the right- Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the from right the screws as the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with from the of the the to Attention!
This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, switching please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this Dear the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
SANTO KG Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ