SANTO KG Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG to without Copyright AEG SL1 1DZ
switching please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances and the shelves food and the and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations, Dismantle the the handle-cover its and screws and reassemble them the the with the the Regulations, This household and with the The with (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG
rehand. (H). the the as follow: the the fixing screws. (H) the remount them the other (G) and the the of the the the hinge (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the using the screws previously cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), tory supplied) to the the The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the (D). The aspects of with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the other than the cooling, or of foods, please the should the of please The within the of the with high of and installation of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves the household It therefore that of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and with the regulations and of ignition; which nevertheless to other of children that caused. mation:
with or There of with such fire extinguisher and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the or the house or switch off the tridges the the tongue and injury. the Service food. This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the the of the operation this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and kitchenfurniture. Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PS< the which free of The from and should of >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. Appliance Information sound! of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as the spacers the to of heat the Proceed operation. Rear spacers
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS Warning! of them from the or or Council or Health Office to there to to the authorised and from the of the The and the protected with that to the shelves the the tion of the arrow, the from the and it To them as follows: freed and the tion. coloured red. as follows: and Earth The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals the the sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious
and AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. Slough to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS warmer COOLMATIC function "ON" (yellow) buttons ON/OFF COOLMATIC G. A. B. C. D. E. F. The the C and E buttons. These The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. connected to the DESIRED ACTUAL means: buttons, C or E hours. The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information.
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service operation, the currently the the flashing the currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF The The Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the DESIRED currently flashes the the the food the immediately switching to C. COOLMATIC The purchase telephone service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: AEG Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light of hours. ton. The light the function Slough, SL1 1DZ High to this recorded The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of
Press (C) continuously the H appears the The the to +8C, 8C followed the H. the the function the The with function To the function, (C). the slightly. Malfunction the The touching the or other Appliance o off the the C the OF appears the (F). Press the C about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the turned off. The switches off. Turning OFF the shelves Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back to the light the light cover. the the arrow. tion. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. the light The immediately the You should of the shelf the lowest of the and the and the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them The height of the shelves To this the or and Please the to the the this back ght.
What to Correcting Malfunctions or Service Force Warning! Repairs to malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: hints: Food or Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, the the Meat types): polythene and the shelf this only or the the Appliance properly Appliance cools too too cold. blown or corrected malfunctions to porarily. tor to warmer Turn the section. Please the "Initial The food too lighting The heat within the hours. the of food Light defective. the Light section. Please the correctly. the C). At the than hand such that the sections of the with rarily. Turn the tor to colder necessary. the as as location" section. Please the the of frost, tight the
and of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once cleaning with fresh and with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. warmer FROSTMATIC function "ON" (yellow) FROSTMATIC light M. H. N. K. J. L. I. The using the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the buttons, J or L). hours. buttons the or other of warmth. High and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first.
Cleaning and or Warning! Attention! should cleaned regularly. to the of The back service. reasons the including The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the offand the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED butyric cleansers. cleansers which or the or or the from Ethereal and Commercially used. allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and tion). operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF button. The The Press the J or L The switches and the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing N the food the ton to off the C.
The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually protects already from the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light the FROSTMATIC The light ton. The yellow light FROSTMATIC from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where The however, become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the whe- the tickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the Turn the thermostat to the or the the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the to switch off the or to the Once defrosting completed the to off the frost defrosting should as follows: the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or or the the the the and their life. the cool Warning! Defrosting the of the the to the light (N) the pressed, the warmest reached the warning light (N) to and sound. to flash, although the Turning OFF the flashes the o off the the J the OF appears the (K). Press the J about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the off. The switches off. Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly Finally, the as to of If the to Turn off the (please the section: Cleaning and of off.
Preparation of Cubes and to seconds. the with the To the the or to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- To of food or to the allowed tity, the switch hours the food without Not the or than Please the the high the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the food to the top the the thermostat other food. to the food. and food The the of The to foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating cooling There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the front, the food. You the
the with the To the the or to that to the using or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when it Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- To of food or to the allowed tity, the switch hours the food without the or than Please the specified the high the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the food to the top the the thermostat other food. to the food. and food The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The to foods with high The the of the of or malfunction, the the amount of the food to become too The this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling
FROSTMATIC ton. The yellow light the FROSTMATIC The yellow light the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light protects already from The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where The however, become progrssively covered with frost. This should with the whe- the tickness of the frost this operation it when the becomes thick the Turn the thermostat to the or the the mechanical or to the of the food thawing other than those recommended the necessary to switch off the supply or to the Once completed the to off the frost should as follows: the food from the layers of newspaper and Switch off the and the or or the the the the and their life. the Warning! Defrosting flashes the Turning OFF the to flash, although the light (N) to and sound. the of the the to the light (N) the pressed, the warmest reached the Switching the Appliance off off. The switches off. o off the the J the OF appears the (K). Press the J about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the off. of section: Cleaning and Turn off the (please the aboce If the to Finally, the as to of To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly
reasons the interior, including The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the offand the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! The back service. to the of should cleaned regularly. Attention! Warning! or Cleaning and The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and allow such to with Commercially used. Ethereal and or the from or the or cleansers which cleansers. butyric tion). operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF The The Press the J or L The switches and the the J or L section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing N the food the ton to turn off the C.
and of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once cleaning with fresh and with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. light FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC function "ON" (yellow) warmer I. J. L. K. H. N. M. buttons buttons, J or L). connected to the The using the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL hours. the or other of warmth. High and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to food the to The the food the heat the the than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the of clean. tion of the first.
malfunction caused that rectify using the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please Warning! Repairs to or Service Force Correcting Malfunctions What to cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: hints: Food Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, the the Meat types): polythene and the this or the the Please the "Initial section. malfunctions to corrected Turn the tor to warmer porarily. blown or defective. properly too cold. Appliance cools too Appliance Please the location" section. tor to Turn the rarily. the as as necessary. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. Please the the Light section. Light defective. of food the within the hours. The heat lighting The food too tight the of frost, the
To turn the function, (C). The with function the the function the Press (C) continuously the H appears the The the displayed to +8C, 8C followed the H. the slightly. Malfunction the The touching the or other Appliance shelves Turning OFF the turned off. The switches off. o off the the C the OF appears the (F). Press the C about seconds. the there count counting from to appears the Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the turn the To the light the and the the the indicated the back to the light the light cover. the the arrow. tion. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. the light The immediately the back it this The height of the shelves To this the or and Please the to the shelf the You should of the the lowest of the and the and the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them ght.
the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and operation, the currently the the flashing the currently (DESIRED the (ACTUAL displayed. Press ON/OFF The The Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the DESIRED currently flashes the the the food the immediately switching to C. COOLMATIC please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the Customer below or AEG Appliances The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light of hours. ton. The yellow light the function to this recorded High SL1 1DZ Slough, The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of
and AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and only please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. Slough to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS COOLMATIC ON/OFF buttons COOLMATIC function "ON" (yellow) colder warmer F. E. A. B. C. D. G. buttons, C or E ACTUAL DESIRED means: connected to the indicated flashing numbers. The using the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The that selected the The DESIRED hours. The of information. The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The the the
The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or Council or Health Office to there to children to recycle the authorised and from the of the The and the protected with that to the shelves the shelf the tion of the arrow, the from the rear and To them as follows: freed and the tion. The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
Service the tongue and the the or the house or switch off the with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the the of the this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or of Appliances sound! Appliance Information waste-paper recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of as reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service the spacers the to of heat the Proceed operation. Rear spacers
The which the from the right Warning! the which the the connected to the from the tory supplied) to the the the the (E) the off the the and the top off (G); the to the the and the top and the the (E) and reassemble (E) the using the screws previously cover (F) from tilation (D) the of the arrow and (D), the of the (G) and it the remount them the other (H) the the fixing screws. the the as follow: the (H). rehand. (D). The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the other than the cooling, or of foods, please the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of and of the that wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves children the household It therefore that of the of the become of suffocation! from thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and children with the and of ignition; which nevertheless to other of that caused. mation:
Appliance Information of Appliances and Starting the shelves food and the and food Preparation of Cubes Ice Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Installation Positioning Rear the Regulations, Dismantle the the handle-cover its and screws and reassemble them the the with the the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG
switching please these operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this Dear customer, the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG service Force the chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
SANTO KG Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG to without Copyright AEG SL1 1DZ