Notice SG245N10, SG293N10
o when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
instructions USE BEFORE USE To the and the the thermometer Switching off the and other HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the Cleaning To the Defrosting the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Technical INSTALLATION Unpacking the Cleaning the www.electrolux
instructions these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or using the of If about of the or the Customer the The household as this instruction or the or They and and food products directly the the or bottles the The bottles The The and of the when the and Child that to the operating or the of the
USE BEFORE USE Position and the as the section "Installation". A. switch Switches the and off. Lights when the operating. B. the highest the C. button/thermostat Used to the the To the and the Switching Switch the the switch. The sounds the the reaches Turn off the the switch-off button. C C ACTION FREEZE the the outlet and switching the the first it upright about hours. the This allow the to to the ACTION FREEZE D. FAST FREEZE Used to switch the and off. Lights when operating. E. shut-off Used to the off. Flashes when of the the the Press the buttons the the (The -15C and -24C.) increases the the ACTION FREEZE
Once the shows the the Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The thermostat the previously the thermometer On the thermometer to the operation If the other warmer surroundings, with of food or the or without the thermometer these the thermometer the should and should active. Press the the the and the and them about seconds. confirmation, the sound with The thermometer of warmer food products. To to the process. the off ACTION FREEZE Information: It to the buttons exactly the Please that the immediately. Instead, the of the internally. Switching off Switch off the the switch. the second. to the completely only when the disconnected. the To that that the the -18C or below. Please however, that the increases as the The built-in shows the warmest the If the measured thermometer, the products this the the products. It that the built-in shows slightly that other ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
and other If the than about the flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off as the the sound The when the closed. If the -12C, the flashes and sounds. The then to flash. To switch off the Press the shut-off to switch off the The flashing. The when the the below -11C. what caused the the chapter "Something memory The memory shows when the The memory operates as follows: the the ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE below -11C the The and the to than the shut-off pressed, the then displays the warmest the the phase and the flashing. to the to whether or to the products the At about -12C: food products immediately Ice to and should as as At -2C: Food products should (cooked) to eating or them. However, the of the food to or Press the hours to the food the You the fast-freeze when of food 24-hour switched off hours the pressed. ACTION FREEZE
the once The yellow as as the "A" (ACTION FREEZE) the products, the top shelves. cover the the the products as as to allow to them. food products which to directly other food. The heat from the food the food to thaw the Once the products and them as as to each other. The food then the of too food the The of the indicated the specifications section. ACTION FREEZE that the operating and the switching the first then should the to fresh foodstuff. Food purchased Follow the the indicated the food and food should than three months. food and low-fat food to about months. food and approximately It to thaw foods the with to from Easily foods or microwave to thaw foodstuff, follow the instructions. The that easy to and easily the food to the top and the and with to the indicated
Ice the to expands as Release the twisting the If HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. Food which to (when cool) should the to the frosting the airtight them the they and the affected. throw and when needed. follow the products the section the This wasting the too the the of -18C to -20C Defrost the when the frost reaches thickness of the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and
Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the The to the the when the the of the Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from Follow the the section The and this the the The easy and recycling. the outer with the the section "Removing the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the it the front to scratching the
To the The light switched when the the light the from the Press the together and the the of the type, E14 rating of W. the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the the to If the to once while to the food from of SOMETHING NOT WORKING Service Force the following displayed the flashing warning (It too the warmer It too the Action switched The shows the highest the the indicated the and the measured another Defrosting the Defrosting necessary. Every hours, the defrosted automatically. Please Service Force Switch off the the off The by: The recently switched and the too high. the chapter "Switching and the The that the
It too the Too frost and produced. The operates continuously. The Cooling or light light. Sound too high. that the completely closed and that the and clean. If food the of hours and then the the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the The switched reach the connecting another to the The The properly connected. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the
the when the to which the food products should to another that If the products following the they immediately If the food products fresh, they used, however they should or eating them. TECNICAL SPICIFICATION SG293N10 SG245N10 hours Height INSTALLATION the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the Unpack the and that and free of the immediately of the recycling. information, city office or the allow to with the The suffocation.
the the the with the this Cleaning the of the using and cloth. of the attached the back of the to the the each other, the the should the shown the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied.
there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location whose to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each SN ST of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The of the the and the from the the There the that and the other the when when the to the thanks to the board.
On the of the the the other On the of the Unscrew the the from the and the the other Then the the from the of the Then the the other the the the height of the with the with the the and the To the Unscrew the screws. the the turning Press the the to which the previously fitted. the that the the section "Positioning the the to grounded V. A. to the rating plate the the
KUNDENDIENST service Demonstration Nous service dachat). influences force o o o
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr EUROPEAN GUARANTEE
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
www.electrolux.com