TBUL FREEZER OPERATING AND INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should installed. the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the Child allow children to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
At the of the Appliance of authorised The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the the and that or catches to children trapped Instructions the Instructions the Fresh food The shelves Normal Sounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Not Working? Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in Instructions Building the the plinth
the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate usually the although the affected by: often the How food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling plate Turning the to the defrosting to If to to turn the thermostat to higher however should the to allow defrosting. D040 food To the performance, food or the or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the To correctly, hints: meat or poultry): polythene and top of the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as
The shelves To of food of the height. To this as the CP1SIG thorough cleaning, the top shelf and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them Health and of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and food uncovered. food from and clean the and allow to and the the or chipped the to that and from with and them with food. clean and the or knife, without them thoroughly
Defrosting The every the The the located below the where To overflowing and the food the clean the (F) the the (P) which already the and Cleaning Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. products. cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the using cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: Unscrew the light cover and then outward pressing as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force the light cover its and the screw. S.I.011 S.I.013 D411
the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to Something Working? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the to The light The the or section too high The frost and built Water the If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the blown. that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of 10C to C. the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean. to operating sounds. the and
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning Tricity or further information Tricity products, please Customer as follows Customer Tricity Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: Tricity (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions Tricity that within months of the of purchase this Tricity or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of Tricity which Tricity If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical Specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN153. the and where located. Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning The should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the right of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
To the of the as shown the Attention of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN If own the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
Building-in instructions carrying the from the the (A) of the from the DO002/2 Right the right (B) of the from the rear To the the as follows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. DO001 Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right hand DO013
the The necessary of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The the screw the front to the or right. The (B) to assembled the the recess. Screw and the with screws (I) through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C
C of
the covering (A). the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=890 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the
Tricity High Slough, SL1 1DZ Consumer telephone