INSTRUCTION BOOK ER Household Appliances
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to thaw, when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost Instructions. The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and only should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow to with the or with the from of autho- catches to the and that or or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and burns straight from the
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Specification Positioning Rear spacers Reversability Deascription of the Appliance the The fresh food of food Thawing food shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Defrosting
reversibility from the electricity supply; inches) of top from the Gently the its back with the cool including food, food DESCIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the and the the from (H) the and the the the the the from (G), the and then screw the the (I) which should then C the the and the with this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that the the that the to the If D715 PIED/M products to (to and fresh) Shelf fresh foods food C Can Thermostat both fresh meat) foods shelves
to and the of the the and the Should the food food the affected the with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. first or of then the thermostat to the least hours the the products the the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. of food the the The thermostat as the following factors: The the thermostat with and OFF (O) The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the the easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off as this or items from the burns. the Ice immediately from the burns. Warning prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the cooling plate Turning the defrosting to often the food of the If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW of food and The four-star fresh foods. To fresh foods to the of the thermostat The fresh food or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 thermostat to the operation, the that, this the might below C. If this thermostat to warmer the food to the of the as this the hours to the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily the supply; the therefore It to the from such as or plastic, which the through them. the shelves with protective cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food the or the food, to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then Positioning correctly. It should located atmosphere, of This to below 10C (50F). If these or then the sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions polythene and top of the these should polythene to as as airtight or wrapped or To correctly, hints: bottles: these should and should the bottle the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing type of food: follow the instructions, the of or the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the the the with restricted to the DO NOT There should of of The back of the beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least (4) NP005 The with or the of to the from the the to allow the to and them of the Defrosted cooked food Rear spacers using foot, or the of the the of the screwing the The containing them through (arrow (A) they arrow (A) as shown the Then spacers to spacers the to that the the back of the the D200 PR60
The of the that shelves as shelves Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS D040 The shelves easily cleaning POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY D307 D058 This based with EN the and where located. The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The of
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to cool to the frosting the airtight them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and straight The of insulated food it arrive the food the immediately. food or To the performance from Food The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the If there the of Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and within should the of Meat: Can Joints: Should cooked and then food without its The following there crystals within them. foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. there the from closing properly. to switch or the too as the and the to the the of as as the food and food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of the food and than food, reduces the UK
Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the of service, or to purchase please ELECTROLUX Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D411 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG SMELL. the outer with NOT products. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not Working? the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase The the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity CONDENSER concerning or further information please Customer or telephone as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street Slough D037 foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the COMPRESSOR DEFROST TRAY D273 to this recorded SL1 1DZ the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or the from the and the food. this operation. the frost reached thickness of to using this to to the throughly replacing. to the The light The the or section too high the the there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the to the thermostat the sheets of newspaper and food from the and the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the the to the or the thermostat to functioning (once or as follows: Clean and thoroughly. the The The continously that the closed. the within the operating of 10C to 32C. to allow the to If the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently this of the the the food the thermostat and their life. the least hour, the previously food the Water the frost and built to operating sounds. the the intact and clean. and the that obstructed. closing. that nothing the from defrosting Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. customers should that the as the
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the from the and the food. this operation. using the frost reached thickness of to this operation to to the throughly replacing. the thermostat the to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the of newspaper and food from the and the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the the to the or the thermostat to functioning defrosting (once or as follows: Clean and thoroughly. the of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating of 10C to 32C. the within the that the closed. The continously The this of the the the food defrosting, the thermostat and their life. the least the food the defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the blocked. and Cleaning). the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built Water the should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service
cleaning ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING the light supply, then the as follows; the and from the electricity Should the light to first switch off the of service, or to purchase please ELECTROLUX Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with NOT products. the with LEAVE STRONG SMELL. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND D411 from Service Force and it with as shown the Unscrew the Unscrew the light cover and then outward the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase CONDENSER of the and electricity of the performance with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the Defrosting and the screw. the light its the where The the located the back of the The every the concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street Slough TRAY DEFROST COMPRESSOR the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the the D037 D273 to this recorded SL1 1DZ the the already the the the To overflowing the of the the back of the which
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds and to these hours which service this Service Force or become the property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to cool to the frosting the airtight them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and straight The of insulated food it arrive the food the immediately. food or To the performance from Food Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased If there the of Should cooked and as If should cooked and Breads Can without within should the of Meat: Can Should cooked and then food without its The following there within them. foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should should as cooked and fresh quickly. there the from closing properly. to switch or the too as the and the to the the of as as the food and food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This to and to another the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that it its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of the food and than food, reduces the UK
shelves shelves as The of the that TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS The shelves easily cleaning D040 POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY D307 D058 This based with EN the and where located. The of of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The months the of Whether the or
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food the or the food, to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. Positioning polythene and top of the meat these should polythene to as as airtight or wrapped or To correctly, hints: bottles: these should and should the bottle the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the ready-cooked directly should directly the their thawing type of food: follow the instructions, the of or the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the NP005 least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the The with or the of ice-cubes. to the from the the to allow the to and them of the Defrosted cooked food D200 the back of the the spacers to spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) they The containing the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using Rear spacers PR60
OPERATION to of the with and of thoroughly. or as the food the affected the and the Should the food the of the the to thaw, and The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. the Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the OFF (O) thermostat with and The the following factors: The thermostat as the the the of food than necessary. Finally, the or the indicated the opertion the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the first or of easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to the from the off food of the often the defrosting to cooling Turning the to the the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the prolonged of abnormally weather, Warning burns. from the immediately the frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW fresh food The of the thermostat To foods to the foods. The four-star of food and or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 hours to as this the the food to the of the If this thermostat to warmer might below C. that, this the However, operation, turn the thermostat to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of Disconnect from the electricity supply; reversibility DESCIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the (I) which should then the and then screw the the from (G), the the the and the the the from (H) and the the C that the to the If the the perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the with the and the the D715 PIED/M products to (to and fresh) Shelf fresh foods food C Can Ice Thermostat both fresh foods shelves
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to leaving the should or to that the turned to allow the This should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow to with the or with the from of autho- catches to the and that or or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once should strictly to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the Deascription of the Appliance Operation the The fresh food of food Specification Positioning Rear spacers Reversability food shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER Household Appliances