Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION ARCTIS
Dear customer, please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the lowing This the of the Supplementary information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location the Building the the plinth supply of the of the to Initial and Warning and Switching off the and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions Regulations, Technical
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of fresh food and food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the authorised service or of the type. The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of children wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and food with to the food causing Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the or the Warning the cooling Warning mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. Instructions
This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office.
The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
from heat and the of thermal insulation of the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the (A) of the from the the right (B) of the from the rear the to the of the to the they click. DO002/2
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the To the of the as shown the Warning! of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heat- the with
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the tion They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right
the The of the to the tricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front to the or right. If necessary, the to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where N.B. The cover (B) to assembled the the recess. II52
the and the with screws through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C
C C
of of
the covering
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the tion, height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to supply correctly earthed the ply. The rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating to and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the
The or If please AEG Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of ty. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the food and fresh to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and the from the the to the top the of C reached. the cleaning the
and the when built-in! Thermostat ON/OFF switch light Warning light (red) light (yellow) and to switch off the warning tone The switched ON or OFF the ON/OFF switch the light this shows that the to the thermostat This to the (child protection). The light when the switched and the this the operates automatically. The thermostat of the food. The -18C and the ther- The fast-freeze with its light The light when the switch operated. The then operates continuously. The light when: the the reached;
and the amounts of fresh food or the too Turn the thermostat to the with the of coin. The and then automatically. The light the reached of -18C, or the light food. Warning The of warning light (red) and acoustic warning The light and the tone the too the the too The tone sounds the than seconds. You switch off the warning tone closing the Warning The light and the tone sounds the the warmer than -12C. increase the the caused or of the of food; high malfunction the cooling Switch off the warning tone the button. The light The light minated the reached the reached, the to switch off the function. The yellow light when the switched the first the light and the warning tone the the reached.
Starting and Turn the thermostat the of The light and the light the warning sounds fitted), and the Additionally the fast-freeze switch The light the warning switches off, and the continuously. when the light should the fast- switch the light and the warning activated The to the -18C or highest, warmest internal lowest, internal Recommended to the light and the thermometer that the tained. There of the to the section to Initial concerning of the the of or malfunction, the the amount of the food to hours. The only this they the the front, the food. You the cooling
Switching off the To switch off the the thermostat to tion If the to as as ice-trays. Switch off the turning the to tion the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Defrosting and the to the of and food You fresh food yourself. The the 18C or cold- Please the the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of to of that the rating The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire guisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high
the Press the the of fresh food. The light To the rated capacity, switch the switch hours to (the light amounts the switch should switched hours foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the food and the food the food to the top with its shelves. food items already otherwise the food to should only of food. foods the type, as as Once the reached, the The light Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or and food
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating The to foods with high Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. try to that to the pointed or the supplied. Defrosting and when the as frost the the This frost from to the or pointed this The should when the of frost reached thickness of Defrost should once year of the amount of frost that built defrosting when the or only food. reduces the of food. Around hours defrosting switch to to the food.
Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food and food, of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or the or switch off the the The as to the from the thawing To the defrosting process, with the and the of that they completely the and the of the thoroughly. defrosting, thoroughly clean the and or "Cleaning and section). Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric
cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and layers of newspaper. cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch off the and Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and everything switch to the ance or three hours, ready food. of the performance of the and electricity The of the ance to clean the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the and closing the of to the immediately. This the the and the equalised. easily the
the near boilers, or other of heat. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. than necessary. the the the thermometer. food the to The the food then to the What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force If the and the the the and the food the food of about hours. If the without the reduced to about hours.
What to Appliance light light light yellow light lights when the tion activated. light light when the function activated, The light sounds. of frost, possibly the Symptoms Appliance switched or blown or light faulty. light properly of food the ance within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the Switch the necessary. malfunctions to corrected Please inform Service Force Please inform Service Force Please the Initial section. the than essary. Press the switch. Press the fast switch. Please the Location section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly.
The continuously The immediately the the light and thermometer to establish that the tained. The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The Symptoms too cold. This occurred. What to Turn the thermostat to warmer temporarily. The of
This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without