OPERATING AND INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FREEZER EU
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or using the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or The should hours it turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from This only, specifically the of only. food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
CONTENTS Instructions the Information of the fresh food food Ice and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning the Something Service and Customer Service Force Conditions Instructions the Technical specifications Instructions Building
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE (recommended foods) C- food C
OPERATION Thermostat switch C light light light using the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. Starting the the The light (D) light to that the the light (E) light the reaches the The within the the thermostat the top of the (A). To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the O first the that the thermostat to and turning of this coin. The internal of the the thermostat to food However, the such as high and to To the thermostat to higher to higher the to CDE fresh food hour to of fresh food. first the or of the fast-freeze switch (B) to the hours to food (the light (C) If the already operation, the fast-freeze switch should activated about hours fresh food. This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top of the as this the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the OFF the yellow light (C) off. the food the other that the top further operation. The food to fresh and of the quality. allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary.
Warning the Water ices, immediately from the burn. items from the as this or burns. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to thaw, and or food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food the with to the top of each and the To release the the its length. to
HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airlight which or of the that the and that its Partially food it within hours. the indicated the the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the abstructed. frosting the them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the or from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without its The following should Ice-cream: Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Should cooked and then as cooked Should cooked and as fresh
Defrosting The become progressively covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost 1/4. this to switch off the or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty. To defrosting as follows: food, layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat (A) to the O the To the defrosting process, of the (with of as protection). The should collected the the and hose with the and the to as to the defrosting completed, the thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to and and, the least the the previously food the of the food their life. to off frost from the as this the D368
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or the Service Force the following Symptom to the The the too high The The continously frost and built If, the there Service Force customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service there the there checking the household lights. the the the to the to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the cabinet/and or that obstructed. the Check that nothing the from closing. the and clean. defrosting to operating sounds.
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not Working? the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or as follows:- Customer Newbury RG14 5XL
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Newbury
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN the and where it located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This to 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or warmer, then the correctly. building-in and reversibility, to the instructions the following
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates AMP BROWN BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
Instructions built-in Recess The of both According to the the top and the To allow the clearances shown that the with the following housing top of the (A) touches the If there the the the his the top (A) of the the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and hinge cover (D) D567 PR01 D022 D265 D727 C
Press the covers the and the Apply covers (B) cover and the (A) the top and of the of the as shown the and the of the the screw the to the screws. both the and that of the to the the the of the and the together and the the plates and the with of the plates the and screw the screws the of the necessary, the clearance of the At the of the that the of the and the properly. D724 D726 PR33 PR34 PR35