Instructions ARCTIS
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/ or with (Warning!, Please the following This and numbered instructions the operation of the information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliance the The Appliance the The (frost free) of the of the Cold buttons TURBO/FROSTMATIC-button ALARM OFF to Initial Initial Select or Switching the Appliance
and Information Warning Warning memory Function the Preparation of Cubes Cooling Fresh" Cooling Cooling Cooling and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this ance. of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or the back of the overheat and fire. If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the tions. The should hours to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged.
Instructions If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow to with the or with the from (There of cation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Appliance to the There recessed the front of the and the back of the ance the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The then to the back wheels and the easily pushed.
and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the maintained. Please whether, and the the fits tightly. to heavy frosting and higher Something of SN to C to C ST to C to C
the spacers from the and, with the them the top of the of the that the from the the Appliance The Please the turning the the front. to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The the coloured with the follow- and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as lows: Cord
The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or oured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the plinth cover from the to the right. the With the closed, the cross-head screws from the and the
the the from the the from the right to the the the Unscrew screw from the right and the and with screw the to the front and the to the the the top and
the with the the of the and Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the screws as the the and the plinth cover. the
The (frost free) The as or as this the operation or the selected the the the and with from C to C. the operation this operated as fresh" cooling with of C to C, whereby through the frost (frost-free) The the of to C as food and Naturally, as the of C to C. TURBO/FROSTMATIC selected and the TURBO/FROSTMATIC cooling when the or party. Thereby, DESIRED of C hours expired, the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function terminated automatically. the TURBO/FROSTMATIC of fresh and protects the the already increase when the The of the automatically, when the completed, and switches off the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function. the to to hours). The (frost free) both the of fresh as as the of readily cools the the of the which and distributed This fluctuations and the The the as frost the The thaws/defrosts automatically, as as this necessary. The off to the and through the heat the the of the and the cooled or fresh and ice-free. thawing/defrosting necessary.
of the of the with and food only) Cold There the to the section to Initial concerning of the the of or malfunction, the increase the hours, the the front, the food. You the cool
of the ON/OFF and ON/OFF light buttons TURBO/FROSTMATIC and TURBO/FROSTMATIC light (yellow) ALARM OFF and light (red) section: and Information The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL The ACTUAL the to match the DESIRED DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. Once the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally
the displayed (ACTUAL of the selected the (DESIRED the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function of the cooling "IC" cooling appears the The appears the while TURBO/ FROSTMATIC functioning If of the pressed, SF appear the seconds. The then to showing the the that food partially or defrosted, as the of and the ALARM OFF activated the the warmest the food reached of the supply. If there the or appear the The shows of information. of the
of the TURBO/FROSTMATIC-button The TURBO/FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food products, and the protects previously the the cooling the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function cooling of or party. Thereby DESIRED of C The TURBO/FROSTMATIC function switched the TURBO/FROSTMATIC button. The light The shows SF the seconds the to the the cooling the shows IC. The continuously. The TURBO/FROSTMATIC function manually the TURBO/FROSTMATIC The light If the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function of the hours, and the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function of the cooling hours. The light Once the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally ALARM OFF With the ALARM OFF the acoustic switched off, the warning when or the food to there warning, the ALARM OFF following the the warmest the food reached of the supply.
to Initial the to the and ation the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the Other- the Please the and to section: and The correctly with the "Installation" the first should that the and with the rating the from the the to the top the of C reached. hours the the the front, the food. the the cleaning the Initial Press ON/OFF The light warning tone sounds and the light flashes indicating that the reached. Press the ALARM OFF to switch off the to -18C or colder section: the reached of C, or the light food. the the operation If the once operation, the operation which to switching off.
Select or If necessary, switch the with the following the operating and the ALARM OFF and the (COLDER) seconds. the switched from to FC appears the acoustic confirms the and the to flashing (DESIRED cooling C). the buttons, the the cooling the switched from to CF (Cool- appears the acoustic confirms the and the to flashing (DESIRED C). the buttons, the the The which the the or below C. the the selected operation the chapter Attention! If the as Please to the to the C, or the off. Attention! If using this as cooling as Please the reached C the to cooled the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the
Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The following DESIRED from C to C C from C to C C From food of C the should enough as If the buttons seconds the from the DESIRED to the ACTUAL The from flashing to Please and to of the Switching the Appliance to the guarded switching off (child-proof). To switch off and the ON/OFF second. "count the which counts backwards from to reached the switches off. the off. The only completely disconnected from the electricity when the from the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off and holding the ON/OFF or switch off the supply. Clean thoroughly section: and to of operation the the operation which to switching off.
and Information The and information of the warning and acoustic warning. The when first switching the (when the attained); the than seconds or than of the the there functional with the Warning If the than seconds (operation or than the warning flashes and warning tone sounds. If or rearranging or cooled foodstuff, switch off warning tone seconds (operation or the ALARM OFF The when the closed. Warning (only the operating The warning and the flashes and sounds, as as the the warmer than C. caused by: of with of foods; high with the You the warning tone with the ALARM OFF The the the warmest the reached the seconds the to the The warning switch off as as the to C.
memory While the C, the warmest the reached the and as often as wished the ALARM OFF If the the to C and the ALARM OFF the warning tone switch off automatically. The and the to flash. If the ALARM OFF the warning switches off. the the highest the food Then the to the The high- Attention! If of or thawing please the of the foods to they used. Function If the technical that to rectified service, the shows the of the or The flashes. The to the If the closed when the operation, immediately which the closed equalised. The
the operating the which and of fresh food. The of of food. The the C or colder food. Please the the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating Allow food to The increased formation and increase the of food, the the top of the food. foods which further (cooked capacity the TURBO/FROSTMATIC ton hours to or to hours light The TURBO/FROSTMATIC of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the food. the food the food items already otherwise the food to The switch the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function off of hours. light You the TURBO/FROSTMATIC function manually the TURBO/FROSTMATIC
Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and wrap: or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or the of C reached food already the only with that they or their and that tion of other Please and of foods the type, as as This of the and therefore electricity. From food of C as Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. try to free that to the pointed or
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high to or items, the the and the which and the directly the when the the items the the front. Cooling The the Fresh" Cooling Cooling cooling. The of the individually. The then to its the to cool You this the below correspondingly higher. Fresh" Cooling selecting the DESIRED of C to C this as Fresh" cooling
The Fresh" cooling fresh foodstuff. The to three to Commodities Fresh" cooling meat and fresh fresh and fresh" cooling coldness-sensitive and coldness-sensitive and and which should pears. to fresh" cooling. the the and the retained The following Airtight and of Cooling selecting the DESIRED the of C, this as should covered or the cool to and or to other cooled The following Airtight and of with cover of with Cooling selecting the to C, the perfectly as cooling Cooling
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and The whereby emitted. Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and from Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the these. The of protects and therefore cleaning and products required. the outer with cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once with or cleaner.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! repaired trained Repairs to the Please Service Force repairs or service. Appliance function, flashes, shows below C, closed. warning flashes, tone sounds, shows C, closed. warning flashing, shows or Malfunction Appliance switched Switch or blown or Warning. to such that they or completely Warning. to such that they or completely functions occurred. necessary. malfunctions to corrected Please to the section and Information Please to the section and Information Please of the indicated and inform Service Force the
The cooling. The Please this chapter Light function. light of frost the The immediately the TURBO/ FROSTMATIC or the Malfunction The too properly Within the hours of foods loaded. Appliance to of warmth. properly sealed the the front Appliance Appliance with or other the back of the with another or the This occurred. What to Temporarily higher Please to the section the as as necessary. Press TURBO/FROSTMATIC Please to the section Location". the with hand-held those which airtight warmer than 50C). At the the hand, that properly seated. this necessary. The of
C although the should as below C although the should as cooling the light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and the ON/OFF second. of the light the cover and shown the light the cover Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The Malfunction The the The the operation Selecting the that, please the "Select or chapter. Select the operation that, please the chapter "Select or
This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without