MUF
Thank choosing household yourself: products of with and purchases. Please this and it reference. The should to of the information and functions Starting Warning light fresh food food Normal operating sounds Health and Cleaning and the cleaning cleaning- Defrosting- Something Service and Technical Positioning Building-in instructions-
information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the owner to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the from This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling plate or this through which the
If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. and functions light Thermostat light (yellow) Starting the the Turn the thermostat clockwise the O. The light light indicating that the The warning light indicating that the the too high. To operation, the thermostat to O. The the thermostat with and OFF (O) switch Warning light (red) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate usually the although the affected by: often the How food of the the these factors to and necessary. To turn the thermostat to the higher numbers; to higher the to the numbers. the allow hours the to further
turning of this coin. Warning light This light flashes when the the increased as to the of food the (warmer than -12C). the switched the first or when food the this light flashes the reached the fresh food hour to of fresh food. the switch hours to fresh food, the yellow light If the function manually, the switch off the function hours. The yellow light The function manually the The light This shortened, the of food to the the food to the top amount of food, the top Once the food completely (which to hours) the to the OFF the light off. Distribute the food the other that the top further operation. top quality, fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food first the or the of to least hours the food. To the performance from this strongly that that the the and, furthermore, that these from the to the the shortest increase of the food its It to the indicated the of the food. Finally, the or it than necessary. the Ice immediately from the possibly burn. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". If there the the whole of the If the loaded, the food
affected the of otherwise, recommended to the food within the of causing the within to the food without its The following should Ice-cream: once should should cooked and To the as follows: the to then upwards These of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating Breads without Shellfish: should and Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals within them. should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked
food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food Ice The with or ice-cubes. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the Health and of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as Normal o ounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its
with and them with food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the Cleaning and Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which as this the of the food to and its and to reduce. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL.
cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the using cleaner. the plinth then the the Defrosting The become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this operation to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this when the empty. To defrosting as follows: food, layers of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the O the the three defrosting completed, the that collected the and the thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to and and, the least hours the the previously food the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as the S.I.013
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community WARNING! used: the of the off the and and of them. of the catch. This from themselves and their The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Something IMPORTANT! Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the malfunction The the light flashing to The the too high The The continuously frost and built to operating sounds. If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service IMPORTANT! carrying the corrective actions the switched off. Please the service there the there the household lights. the the thermostat turned to the relative to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. If to allow the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean? defrosting
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and (found the rating The purchase Moffat, that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the Companys property.
This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which Moffat. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the service of and to and UK
Technical Depth. Information the the rating plate the the Units Electricity Capacity Capacity (A) WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of WARNING! The wires the coloured with the following and Earth
If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the WARNING! IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. It to the from the supply; the therefore easily
Positioning The should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or colder, then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following
Building-in instructions carrying the from the the (A) of the from the DO002/2 Right the right (B) of the from the To the the as follows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. DO013 Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the DO001 with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right
the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front to the or right. If necessary, (E) the to the and of the To the them the If required, the of these reduced them where II52 The (B) to assembled the the recess. Screw and the with screws (I) through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the
of
the covering (A). the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth heights than should the plinth, the of the leaving height of plinth to the The plinth of from the
From the Group. The Worlds The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. to without