ERC
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the First switch Switching off Functions Function Child Function Function Function of the Compartment Function H food shelves Positioning the shelves Health and cleaning cleaning the Defrosting light Something Technical Positioning Rear spacers Shelf reversibility Guarantee/Customer Service Service and Customer www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This it from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or using the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to
Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or using the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when the or the as the which it to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply
the supply or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to flow back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the its or insulation The should together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. Appliance ON/OFF C and function or as these the finish. Function Confirmation
If the indicated the First switch the the the (A), to the of the food the function that the following +5C the To regulation". If the the lighting turn off automatically; this, the lighting function closing and the Switching off The off pressing (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. If the Child function If the function If the function The the B. the the flashes the and the to You the choice of the the E, hear the or seconds hear the Then the shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of to the
Attention! the the first the to the this that the displayed than the Functions The the D. Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and to The following functions indicated: Child function function function Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the displayed the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the It to the function the flashes and then Child Function The Child function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the illuminated. this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the flashes and then E. Function If to amount of food, the activating the function to the products and to the other food which already the The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the illuminated. The function off approximately hours. It to the function the flashes and then E.
Function The function activated necessary) the appears (or the +5C). You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this the chosen automatically 5C), the food. It to the function the selected the of the The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the Function H The function the 15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of The Function the B. the the flashes the Press the the appears the the choice of the the E, hear the or seconds hear the the the function the and the shows the H. It to the function the selected the Attention! The with function food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round
shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as follows: the shelf the of the free, then as required. bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and clean to and Cleaning). allow to and the the or chipped the to that clean and from with and them with food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly
MAINTENANCE or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of to of and thoroughly. or and /or the cleaning cleaners chemicals that the plastics this tthis reason recommended tthat tthe outer casing of this cleaned with with of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, NEVER UUSE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the leaving the to
Defrosting from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It the the of the to the overflowing the food the wwhich already the light If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the with of the (the shown the light
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following Symptom to the The light The the too or high? The continously Water the If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the the the to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. the the the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. to operating sounds the and Cleaning).
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN the and where located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or then the correctly. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the and (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). There should of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted
the of the screwing the foot, or the of the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. Rear spacers the with the there which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and EEarth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows:
the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC Directive) and modifications. Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Shelf with that to the shelves To them as follows: the the of the arrow, the from the and freed and the
reversibility carrying operations the from the To the of the as follows: To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. the with the the upright Unscrew the screws and the the cover from the and the the its back the screw of the cover Unscrew the and Unscrew the screw and the the
the cover the and the the cover the the that the front board of the to the front board of the top. the the and the (that found the instruction the the screw of the cover (that found the instruction the to the and the with screws. the the the the that found the instruction Reposition, the least hours and then to the to the operations, Service Force The the reversibility of the Warning the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with the its back
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk