EUC
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the Starting light Sound fresh food of food Health and cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Technical specifications Positioning Rear spacers reversibility Guarantee/Customer Service Customer
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should hhouse and the that the wwith the that the wwith tthe functioning of the the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from bbecoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the only built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to
Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or the should forced off the should allowed to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply
the supply or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the near the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. A. Warning light B. light C. (quick-freezing) switch/reset sound This with the which that to the of fresh foods, the of foods and the of ice-cubes. the supply the (the function light (B) light indicating that the input.) Turn the thermostat (E) to the right to (the light (A) light To off the the thermostat to the The light or as these the finish. D. SUPER operating light E. Thermostat The and increased to higher (warmer) rotating the thermostat or reduced rotating the higher the should chosen that the the often the the of food location of
quick-freezing, the (C). The quick-freezing light (D) then light If the function manually, the switch off the function hours. The light The function manually the (C) The yellow light The light (A) The light whenever the within the which might satisfactory long-term conservation. It perfectly the light to flashed the initially turned It flashed the the of food attained. Sound This incorporates which off sound when the the to where the of food This sound turned off the (C). fresh food The of food, and fresh food. If the already the least hours introducing the food the to the food to the as shown to the indicated the rating the food directly with the cooling If the food the the slightly
of food first or of the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the operating To the performance from this should: of food to and from the the and food cooling shelves. to statedon the of the section (where the the off that the shown the technical characteristics the food or cooked immediately and tthen cooling). The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of these with then them the to the from the
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than TThe following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food as cool as that then the as as food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its with and them with towel food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated the food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the
to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating MAINTENANCE or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of to of and thoroughly. or and /or the cleaning cleaners chemicals that the plastics this tthis reason recommended tthat tthe outer casing of this cleaned with with of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, NEVER UUSE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to
Defrosting the frost reached thickness of to using the with the this operation to the from the and the food. this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: the thermostat (E) to the OFF or the from the food from the and sheets of newspaper and the off the with cloth or of of the cooling plates.The gathers the practically the of the and to high or the Clean and thoroughly. the to the or the thermostat to functioning The of to the the least hours the previously food the of the food defrosting, shorten their life. the of causing the within to the food without its The following should once should should cooked and Breads without Shellfish: should and quickly. Dishes: should and of Meat: there crystals within them. Joints: should cooked and then as cooked dishes. should cooked and as cooked Attention!
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following Symptom to the The the too high The The continously frost and built If, the there Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service there the there the household lights the the thermostat to the to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing the and clean. defrosting to operating sounds.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN the and where located. Height
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or then the correctly. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the and (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). There should of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted
the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. Rear spacers the with the there which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws.
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and EEarth If own the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force
This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and Please that when the it easily the tthe of breakdown.
reversibility carrying operations the from the To the of the as follows: To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. the with the the upright Unscrew the screws and the the cover from the and the the its the screw of the Unscrew the and Unscrew the screw and the the the cover the and the the cover the the that the front of the to the front of the top. the the
and the (that found the instruction the the screw of the cover (that found the instruction the to the and the with screws. the the the the that found the instruction Reposition, the least hours and then to the to the mentioned operations, the Service Force. The Service the of the Warning the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with the its back
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the-reof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The ser-viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the follo-wing and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.co.uk