SANTO and instruction Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ
SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C which located the the of the This should location where the to the indicated the rating The following shows which each Positioning please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with information and and concerning and sound of The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. of the appear this to owners of the to Dear clear of obstruction; tion as shown reasons, Attention: Housing the to the the connected to the from the The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk To and please
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf and buttons Longfresh 0C Correct Switching off the and buttons and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Housing the The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS ted the rating to stically, household. This cover: authorised or that: the United light or of or plastic. to to the following the operating and instructions. the country of this or of products. Products of AEG which AEG. these hours which charged. of and to and This to and other rights. The from the first purchased This relates to and to another or become the property. The account country. within the Community (EC) or AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service UK The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please regulations to that caused. the should the of please the The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that children themselves the of suffocation! from
when (there of suffocation!) or themselves children the household It therefore that and children with the other the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the or the house or switch off the the the of malfunction tongue and injury. the food. please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there only repaired service repairs to If please or Customer please further repairs yourself. concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the Customer below or Appliances to this recorded AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 QQ
the light the arrow. the the light cover. the light shown the light To switch off the the to To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the tion. "0FF". sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which free of The from and should of >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. waste-paper recycling location. without of Appliances Appliance Information reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that them- the of suffocation!) or themselves as other Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) The of with or The the heat the back of the the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The
and from the of the The and the protected off the the and right of the If the functioning correctly, please the following inexperienced or serious Repairs should only service Repairs AEG Service Force Correcting Malfunctions tioning of the What to Warning! with that it to the shelves To them as the the tion of the arrow, the from the and freed and the Shelf Switch the necessary. or Appliance switched blown or Appliance Symptom Please the Starting and tion section. corrected malfunctions to Press (WARMER) ton. too cold. Appliance cools too the as as necessary. Please the the light section. Please the tion location section. Press TURBO COOLMATIC of within the food the hours. Light lighting The heat The and/or The of This occurred. the TURBO COOL- the The immediately MATIC or
or the or year with or cleaner. cleaning with fresh and Commercially used. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and of the increases this reason the the back of the once everything the to the electricity ply. tion). and cleaning. the straight. cleaning. To functionality of the LONGFRESH 0C the cover back their The cover the the 0C The lowest shelf, the cooler from the LONGFRESH 0C cleaning. To warmer colder TURBOCOOLMATIC function (yellow) buttons TURBOCOOLMATIC button ON/OFF A. C tion of the clean. then to cool the as as necessary. than necessary. the back of the cover the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the rear of first. The using the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the DESIRED buttons, C or E hours. The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers.
operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED (ACTUAL displayed. mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the the the the and collecting Once defrosting completed Switch the or to off the the the their life. Warning! the frost The the from the and LONGFRESH that the the closed. further of the with AIR FILTER the On the to tion and characteristics. The should the the turned the from the the outwards of the reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! food and the food from the food allow such to with layers of newspaper. it covered. The back service. Ethereal and or the from to the of cleansers which cleansers. butyric Attention! or Cleaning and the found the back of the the cover. The should operation, the closed. from the
Preparation of Cubes and to seconds. the with the To the the or to free that to the using pointed or the supplied. To the performance the should New The the and reached chased from the charcoal every of of The the The months the to foods with high Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The the accessory and as such covered the The then pulled The the existing the of its the cover outwards. Defrosting The Defrosting of the The that flows the and This and cool the defrosting should as follows: to switch off the supply or to the The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the provided, whe- the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the layers of Switch off the and the or or the
Press ON/OFF button. The The Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the DESIRED currently flashes the the the food the immediately switching to C. TURBOCOOLMATIC Starting the The the C or Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- the food the food to the food items already Please the specified the high the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the otherwise the food to right through to the as as the other food. to the food. You fresh food yourself. and food The TURBOCOOLMATIC function cooling of The TURBOCOOLMATIC function switched the TURBO- The TURBOCOOLMATIC function cooling. DESI- RED of +3C selected. The TURBOCOOLMATIC The TURBOCOOLMATIC function manually the TURBOCOOLMATIC The light function of COOLMATIC The yellow light of the
FROSTMATIC ton. The yellow light the FROSTMATIC The light the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light protects already from The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually the front of the and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to shelf. Switching the Appliance off flashes the to flash, although the light (O) to and sound. the of the the to the light (O) the pressed, the warmest reached the off. off of section: Cleaning and If the to Finally, the as to of To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly The pulled and and other as
the LONGFRESH 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, The of about 0C and the of and the You therefore of fresh food the LONGFRESH 0C where to with This allows to fresh food. of freshness, and and of and Food higher of to of food. ity LONGFRESH 0C The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED The LONGFRESH 0C defrosting food. this the food to the LONGFRESH 0C operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Both to the age of each other with or higher humidity. Humidity Press ON/OFF button. The The Press the J or L button. The switches and the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing P the food the ton to off the C. This reached when both this This reached when both this and the closed. and the Dry to high to each and the the and front of the tion the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally it the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling
and The shelves the that freely and of foods. The top with the the Thereby food clear and age both It the to the and light FROSTMATIC ON/OFF FROSTMATIC function (yellow) warmer I. J. L. P. K. O. H. N. M. The to the from To the cleaning them as The of the to as the and when the of foods to the 0C to the buttons buttons, J or L). connected to the The the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL hours.
The with This cools food and of the foods which the of foods such that freely and or with the and the to the covered or such that they foods or the The following conserved the and that their and unchanged. the and the LONGFRESH 0C the products with bottles; the LONGFRESH 0C their and aroma foods; Tips: Correct To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the or switch off or from the If the to the to the of Clean thoroughly section Cleaning and as the of the off off. ity supply. Switching off the High-proof should conserved tightly closed and The following airtight and wraps; covers with with the LONGFRESH 0C fresh food Conserve the LONGFRESH 0C foods which or the to of food to months Onion to month to
to to (fresh) of food of food to to to the LONGFRESH 0C or containing and other of of 0C to Not to the LONGFRESH 0C of which to or The of food should the The of the the of the food, and and the The LONGFRESH 0C thawing of food. this the food the LONGFRESH to the of the food, the Tips: to month to seafood to cooked meat products sprouts, celery to to Chinese radishes, to Peas, chicory to the the Quality and the The whole the Food, or should or wrapped food and Food This seafood which meat While increased to three as without quality. food 0C that of food food 0C should of the to month Pears, (fresh), peaches to to to cold), to onions, radishes, roughly the and and to without cooking process. Allowing and to to to Damsons to Apricots, The the the the
of food to to (fresh) of food to to containing and other of products the LONGFRESH 0C or which to or The of food should the The of the the of the food, and and the The LONGFRESH 0C thawing of food. this the food the LONGFRESH to the of the food, the of Not to the LONGFRESH 0C 0C to of Tips: to to month to seafood to cooked meat products Artichokes, sprouts, to to Chinese radishes, to Peas, chicory The whole the Quality and influence the to the the Food, or should or wrapped Food This seafood which turn meat While food and food 0C that of food food 0C should of the increased to three as without to month Pears, (fresh), peaches to to to cold), to onions, radishes, roughly and to without cooking process. Allowing and to to the and to to Apricots, The the the the
Correct foods; their and the LONGFRESH 0C bottles; products with the the and the LONGFRESH 0C and that their and unchanged. The following conserved the foods or uncovered the The with This cools food and of the foods which the of foods such that freely and or with the and the to the covered or such that they Tips: To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the or switch off or from the If the to the to the of Clean thoroughly section Cleaning and as the interruption of the off off. ity supply. Switching off the with covers with airtight and wraps; The following High-proof should conserved tightly closed and of food to or the Conserve the LONGFRESH 0C foods which the LONGFRESH 0C fresh food to to month to months Onion
and The shelves the that freely and of foods. The top with the the Thereby food clear and separated. age both It the to the and warmer colder FROSTMATIC function (yellow) ON/OFF FROSTMATIC light M. H. N. K. O. P. J. L. I. The to the from To the cleaning them as The of the to clean as the and when the of foods to the 0C to the The the J and L buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the buttons, J or L). hours. buttons
LONGFRESH 0C of food. to higher of the LONGFRESH 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, The of about 0C and the of and the You therefore of food the LONGFRESH 0C where to with This allows to fresh food. of freshness, and and of and Food ity The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. DESIRED LONGFRESH 0C The LONGFRESH 0C defrosting food. this the food to the operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. higher humidity. Both to the age of each other with or Press ON/OFF The The Press the J or L The switches and the the J or L buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the From food of C should sufficiently The light,when the reached. Press the the DESIRED currently flashes the light flashes the reached. The sounds. the the Pressing P the food the ton to off the C. front of the and each and the the high relative to Dry to relative and the This reached when both this This reached when both this and the closed. tion the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this optimally the the front, the food. You the There of the cooling
The FROSTMATIC function the of food and, the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off The FROSTMATIC function manually protects already from the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light the FROSTMATIC The light ton. The yellow light FROSTMATIC the front of the and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to heights: shelf. the of the the to the warning light (O) the pressed, the warmest reached the light (O) to and sound. to flash, although the flashes the Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The The switched or off or there to Following to the ply, the to the operating as the Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and clean the thoroughly Finally, the as to of If the to section: Cleaning and of off off. The pulled and and other as
Starting the C. TURBOCOOLMATIC to immediately switching food the the the the DESIRED currently flashes the Press ON/OFF The The Press the C or E The switches and the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food The the C or Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of only to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high the free- foods tight to that they or their and that of food with free- the food the food to the food items already Please the specified the high the foods the type, as as increased formation and increase the otherwise the food to right through to the as as the other food. to the food. You fresh food yourself. and food of the COOLMATIC The light function of hours. the TURBOCOOLMATIC The light The TURBOCOOLMATIC function cooling of The TURBOCOOLMATIC function switched the TURBO- The TURBOCOOLMATIC function cooling. DESI- RED of +3C selected. The TURBOCOOLMATIC The TURBOCOOLMATIC function manually
the with the To the the or to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes To the performance the should New The the cover and reached chased from the charcoal Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The to foods with high The the The months the of of the accessory and as such covered the The then pulled The the existing the of its the outwards. Defrosting of the The that flows the and This The Defrosting The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whe- the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the of Switch off the and the or or the to switch off the supply or to the defrosting should as follows: the and cool
(ACTUAL displayed. currently (DESIRED The of information. operation, the currently the the flashing the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the the the the and collecting Once defrosting completed Switch the or to off the the the their life. Warning! the frost with AIR FILTER the of the further the closed. The the from the and LONGFRESH that the of the the outwards the from the the turned On the to tion and characteristics. The should the reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! food and the food from the food allow such to with layers of newspaper. cool covered. The back service. Ethereal and or the from to the of cleansers which cleansers. Attention! or Cleaning and the cover. the found the back of the from the operation, the closed. The should
Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and of the increases this reason the the back of the once everything the to the electricity Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and year with or cleaner. or the or tion). ply. and The lowest shelf, the cooler from the LONGFRESH 0C cleaning. To The cover the the 0C LONGFRESH 0C the cover back their cleaning. To functionality of the the straight. cleaning. warmer TURBOCOOLMATIC function (yellow) TURBOCOOLMATIC ON/OFF A. C the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the heat the the of the back of the cover than necessary. as as necessary. then to cool the clean. tion of the first. The the C and E buttons. These buttons The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL connected to the DESIRED buttons, C or E hours. The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL means: The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers.
The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the If the functioning correctly, please the following inexperienced or serious Repairs should service Repairs AEG Service Force Correcting Malfunctions tioning of the What to Warning! Shelf freed and the the shelf the tion of the arrow, the from the rear and it with that to the shelves To them as Switch the necessary. or Appliance switched blown or Appliance Symptom Please the Starting and tion section. corrected malfunctions to Press (WARMER) ton. too cold. defective. Appliance cools too the as as necessary. Please the the light section. Please the tion location section. Press TURBO COOLMATIC of within the food the hours. Light lighting The heat The and/or The of This occurred. the TURBO COOL- the The immediately MATIC or
Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light the with of the (the To switch off the the to To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back shown the light the light the light cover. the the arrow. "0FF". tion. the light sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PS< the which of The from and should of >PE< the outer covering and the the waste-paper recycling location. incinerating without of Appliances Appliance Information reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that children them- the of suffocation!) or themselves as other This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG The of with or The the heat the back of the the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The
other and children with the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves the household It therefore that the of service, or to purchase please routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and the tongue and injury. of malfunction the the or the house or switch off the with or There of with such fire extinguisher and the They burst when the high the high creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the food. please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG please further repairs yourself. If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there repaired service repairs to If please or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or Appliances to this recorded AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 QQ
AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or neglect, the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please to that caused. the should the of please the The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that children themselves the of suffocation! from
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf and buttons Longfresh 0C Correct Switching off the and buttons and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Housing the The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The connected to the N or The connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red.
This should location where the to the indicated the rating The following shows which each which located the the of the +16C to 32C +18C to 43C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C Positioning please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Supplementary information and and concerning and sound of The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. of the appear this to owners of the to customer, reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; Housing The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
SANTO and instruction Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ