purchase of At Products of and completely to with the service priority. and Thank You choosing purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instruction only as instructed this These instructions to cover and that Common and when operating and Please information reference and service of Purchase: Please this reference Products, Inc rights Congratulations
MPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION this using to reduce the of fire, burn or other injury. should of the high this CHILDREN SHOULD NOT BE LEFT UNATTENDED IN AN AREA WHERE THE GRILL IS BEING OPERATED. This clear from or other and allow to with or or of this specifically recommended this service should other service. Follow the installation and servicing instructions with this service the supply that to the off to If tight operation. If to technician. lighting to what the that lights the FOR YOUR SAFETY If off to the Extinguish If immediately CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION WARN- ING: The of cooking products which the of which known the State of California to or California businesses to customers of to such To to these this to the and tion when cooking with This to or recreational vehicles or FOR OUTDOOR USE ONLY Instructions TESTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANSI STANDARD FOR OUTDOOR COOKING GAS APPLIANCES. THIS GRILL IS FOR OUTDOOR USE ONLY. building the of installation. the of this should with the National Z223.1-2002 and the National ANSI/NFPA DO NOT or or other and the of this or other LP connected the vicinity of this or other DO NOT lighting this without reading the LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS section of this FOR YOUR SAFETY WARNING
top Warming Convection Features: FD26
head shelves Hose and (LP only) Black right Assembly head screws WIP-192-326071 WIP-191-326070 WIP-192-326365 WIP-122-HDFA26 WIP-192-326393 RMP-122-00648 WIP-192-326313 RMP-122-00688 WIP-192-326009 RMP-122-00005 RMP-122-00820 RMP-122-00491 Assembly RMP-122-00615 RMP-122-00036
to assembly protective from Assembly and required: screwdriver Screwdriver wrench wrench wrench with DO NOT the head without around to to the to Assembly the the top of the assembly the four and screw Then the wheel the and them the from the upwards through wheel Attaching Head to With the its back, to the when this) the of the the and the top of the with the of the the the heads through the of the the top of the the head the resting the of the the securely-be to and the Next head screws through head screws the base. This heavy that to Assembly Screw Screw Screw Screw
the assembly, and from the threaded section of the the U-shaped of the mounting the threaded section of the through the shelf and to the Tighten Securely. the battery, first, and assembly and the the shelf with the to the of and the other shelf to the right the the the of the and the assembly with the shelves screws each shelf. the of the of the to the The right to the the This to the shelf. Assembly Assembly Mounting Bracket
the the of the with the facing and the sections covering the front cooking the the to cooking shelf allowing the to with the each The located the head. from the of the and the the that located the of the Assembly Rear of
The as built-in If as built-in the surround constructed of Non-combustible and the and of to or other items to furnish such Countertops with lighting to and building cooking architect or the the following to the and items built-in that the the right the head. The and items throughout the to operation. Location account and as as flow, and the The should without or beneath the to the rear, it should located front of or than from hard-to-clean supply as as performance. To that to Clearance to Non-Combustible Construction of clearance from the back of the to You should allow least clearance to The directly to below the cooking Plate only) The with of to mounted the It should the front or of the built-in island, with the of the than from the The separately, fits the once mounted the following The ground the to grounded to the to should or supply installation, the least The and GFI If includes to to the Built-In Instructions
to to the plate only) high back from front GFI outlet front or mount only) *A clearance the back of the and without using C N/A N/A N/A N/A Additional to back from front to outlet with of *If using backsplash or service the *A clearance of from the back the and such as of Instructions Access Access N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A C C N/A N/A to and the IGNITOR PLATE INSTALLATION counter top to of from of Access N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Access N/A N/A N/A
Information the type of supply to used, (NG) or (L.P)., and the (located the back of the with that of the supply. to the installations, supply that easily to the to or the of with the National ANSI/NFPA and the National ANSI Z223.1-1998. type and to the actions of L.P. should technician and with and ordinances. the of the with the National ANSI Z223.1-1998. from the factory. the and the type of or L.P.) from This and its off disconnected from the supply testing of that of PSIG This isolated from the supply closing its shut-off testing of the supply to or than PSIG The of this with or the of with National ANSI with the Can1-b149.1 and or burning and and The supply should and Water the of PSIG) or with instructions supply to type and of and to the If the supply too the correctly. type and to the actions of L.P. the with to the the of the the arrow the the to the of the the back of the the shut-off location to the supply to off to the
L.P. that to with L.P. with high hose and assembly. the and hose assembly with the or and hose specified This assembly to directly to L.P. the hose assembly to the the of the securely and other to the L.P. Information or L.P. or with The L.P. with shut-off terminating L.P. supply outlet specified, as the outlet and ANSI/CGA-V-1. or other (The L.P. protection The L.P. supply constructed and with the L.P. of the U.S. of Transportation (DOT) or the National of CAN/CAS-B339, Spheres and the Transportation of supply to the OFF The supply (LP upright The and hose assembly inspected each of the If there or wear or the hose to the of the reach of and building, or other the or this LP with
Information Although the tested the factory to the to shipment, or unknowingly to the the whole or immediately the of detected. Testing Not while testing. Extinguish with of or and Testing Turn off the Turn the top of the supply counterclockwise (right to to Apply the to of the supply assembly. If appear, the to If the detected. (If detected, immediately off the supply, and Turn off the the supply Turn the to release the the then the back off. off with and If off the supply and or the purchased the from. If necessary, the with the recommended supply each and each the supply connected to the tor. Qualified Service Technician the of the replaced. Qualified Service least once whether or the L.P. supply disconnected. Testing
Location the sheds or the as this to which or death. the the while operation. The facing directly the Clearance to of from the and back from the and below the cooking to Clearance to of clearance from the back of the to the to of cooking the and from the Not the while the tested and properly located. Light the the instructions this Turn the to High and preheat the heat to cooking Allow to cool off or grease and the as supply and the hose from heated The location of the with to the the operation. to the of the This the
Lighting Warning: Lighting... the supply wear or and as from the as when Lighting Lighting the with the and of the counter clock- to the HIGH and immediately the hear sound. It to the about seconds. If the light seconds, the to OFF and trying to light Match Lighting If chance the light the the with match. as from the as and match through the the to the of the back the the match the and and the counter clockwise to the HIGH If the light the shooting section of this Turn the to the OFF when Lighting the of to Light the the
to the LP to the flow of combustion and obstructed. The located below the the should cleaned to heavy of Allow the to cool to clean. Grates The cooking cleaned immediately cooking completed and turning off the Wear and the cooking with cloth. If the allowed to cool cleaning the from the and cleaned with The from of the from the heat off the this Purchase and the of the of the of grease gather the of the and to the and appearance. with cleaner. the of the and
Trouble Shooting You should inspect the least once or immediately of the following The of with the appearing yellow. The reach The The heats service If the function properly, the following light when the pushed. heat with High Trouble Shooting of the high least seconds while the cooking and and of to the battery/replace battery. to match light the If using L.P. then supply and If L.P. If L.P. supply If appears clear of Pre-heat If L.P. then
yellow or with the of properly with and Insect Warning and insects the of this or other and the to flow from the front of the burn- This which fire to the thereby the and to least once to Trouble Shooting of cleaning. and cooking build-up. directly of wind. the clean. the to the four that head to head to the or right properly. the
Warranty years and warranty other IMPORTANT: the warranty that with of that The of the warranty warranty coverage. LIMITED WARRANTY If the properly, first thoroughly the instructions with the to that the correctly and the Troubleshooting section. The warranty The warranty of only. from or with This warranty or to of alterations, or or This warranty scratches, or heat, and cleaners the of the If other please Customer Service of these specifications to without FD26IMD LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY Warranty