Instructions GB 34942G
Information You MUST these or the If Customer This to the instructions and to the British CORGI the that the and supply with the type stated the rating located the supply to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the This cooking only. It or This to combustion products It and connected with to the cooking heat and the which there supply, or cooker with
using the of the should or increasing the this with the with the the OFF when using other the with the of the cooking Unstable or should the as or the when cooking with and or the Perishable food, items and affected heat and should or below the Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Information Instructions the of the and Cleaning The Top Supports The Something Not Service and Conditions Instructions the technical Location.................................................................................................................... Installation............................................................................................................... Building Building or Building with the to the Commissioning Conversion from to LPG...............................................................
to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the this instruction reference and to owner. These instructions countries whose shown the cover of this instruction and the Instructions instructions operation and This to the following EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC, edition.
of the Top Triple-crown back back right front right (auxiliary) (triple-crown) front right INSTALLATION CORGI and with existing and regulations. The instructions to found the section of this Please, that, once the easily the the of breakdown. WHEN THE HOB IS FIRST INSTALLED Once the to protective which the factory.
The the that there supply there supply there supply Lighting the the To light the anticlockwise to then it to the ignition, the as required. If the the to and switching the or the to activated automatically. the of the match or operated this match or to the the and anti-clockwise reaches the The should light. as the that the If which than the recommended the the of the causing the to overheat. when food or as the overheated splashes easily If the become to turn, please Service Force the to to round the The the and should with other type of or the the the securely the of the as shown the Triple-crown (auxiliary)
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The cleaned whilst as easily than to cool. The Top the top using cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; bath/sink removers. Should the top become heavily soiled, it recommended that cleaning such as Brite or used. Supports the hand, when them as the rough If necessary, cleaner. The The and crowns cleaning. the and crowns and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth.
Something Not Working? If the correctly, please the following Service Force SYMPTOM There when lighting the The burns If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. SOLUTION that the and the supply switched that the RCCB tripped fitted) the blown the and crown correctly, cleaning. the and the crown clear of food the and crown correctly, cleaning.
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following information: and telephone Clear and of the The and the rating the back of this instruction of purchase CUSTOMER CARE concerning and further information products, Customer or telephone the below or to this recorded Customer Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this AEG- or thereof to reason only of or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or neglect, the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and Slough
Instructions the technical OVERALL DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: CUT OUT DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: Thickness: SUPPLY CONNECTIONS RC inch inch Rear right hand supply, with rewireable with HEAT INPUT Rear BTU/HR) BTU/HR) L.P.G. BTU/HR) (triple-crown) BTU/HR) Rear Right BTU/HR) Right BTU/HR) APPLIANCE CLASS APPLIANCE CATEGORY II2H3+ GAS SUPPLY G20
TYPE OF GAS NATURAL GAS VALUE MJ/ LPG GAS VALUE Triple-Crown Aeration BURNER RAPID SEMI-RAPID AUXILIARY CROWN POSITION MAX MIN MAX MIN MAX MIN MAX MIN NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE Instructions the
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of required. If of and of effective of required, while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the Location The located or bathroom or shower the the that there of the of the and the of the of the and or walls. The the with the of the If below of allowed from the of the The directly the
CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE FO FO IMPORTANT This to the British CORGI The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE
On the of the which includes the threaded that the washer the as shown the Screw the together without force. to the supply should with or or The should to RC BSP thread). the that thorough the and installation. that the the It to the correctly, with the shoulder the of the thread, to the connecting to the assembly of FO A) of with B) Washer C) Elbow FO
The of the the FO Building Building or If the to or to heat below the of the the of the It recommended to the to the as shown and Building
Building FLEX OUTLET FO FO Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the ON/OFF SWITCH FO ON/OFF SWITCH FLEX OUTLET
the to the the the with the to the of the It that this to the the below. the around the of the the the and of the fixing and screws, as shown the the The of the which the of FO Building
to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to connected to supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the of the attached the back cover of this The with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth FO the and (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. the of to the ASTA (BS used. off serious (shock) that the off of
the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth that the supply with with higher than C. of the The of the to the of type "Y". This that its the of technician. this type H05RR-F used. The section to the and the The yellow/green earth approximately than the phase wires. TAPS IGNITOR SWITCHES IGNITOR UNIT
START and A: Earth Continuity YES NO YES NO faulty. Rectify Carry C: Polarity and B: Insulation Rectify including as necessary. SOCKET PLUG (with cover Earth FUSE Carry D: to Earth Electricity supply should satisfactory.
A. EARTH CONTINUITY CHECK Appliance electrically and necessary. leads from earth to earth should than earth wires and clean and tight. B. INSULATION CHECK Appliance electrically disconnected, switches ON. leads from to If reads then there with leads from to E. If reads than (infinity) there NOTE Should found that the indicated and each to the It that as of burning/arcing found inspection should of burning around the
top and polarity and earth of supply earth of from 'N' the and "O" the from 'L' the and the switches from switches to YES NO Light manually of the of from the of each to the terminals to the the insulation of the HT leads the switches the
Commissioning the to the To this, follow the below. Turn the to the MAX and the to the MIN then turn the from MIN to MAX If the or extinguished follow the below. Procedure: the and to MIN. the The screw located the of the To thin screwdriver and the screw the steady and extinguish, when the from MIN to MAX. this Testing and front and crown. the injector. Turn the supply and another supply. The reading should and and Turn off the FO screw Commissioning
Conversion from to LPG IMPORTANT The of the should It to that this with with or the and the to that the the 'OFF' the from the electricity supply crowns and With the of the injectors then and the LPG injectors. TO ADJUST THE GAS RATE With the of thin screwdriver completely the screw, which located the of the the rating the of the
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl