INSTRUCTION BOOK GB
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to the of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
the user the to the operating instructions: information of and information
These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The to the instructions supplied. the specifications or to the The cooking only. It the and the first the Therefore please the and the heating with of with the the and about Empty the through the and with using the information chip-fryer, the the the of the The upwards when the the and switch You fire and serious following the below. that the becomes that fire to cleaning that frying-oil serious burns. the when that the the when that the the the heating and the searing turned off the If the catches fire, off the Extinguish the fire covering with the or try to the fire with
The becomes and of It should therefore treated with respect. from the or the If the should switched the burn, and reasons the clean. Grease, and food when burnt, and of the to the of fire. the of fire the switched off immediately (and the as Child Young allowed to with the or with the The when Children should the cooled. cover The cover this and cleaning clean this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs AEG Service Force the off the of and authorised
of the MIN Heating Frying Heating
instructions Operation of the The The switched off high The activated as as the switch Instead of used. of the The thermostat and 170C and 190C. The light when the switched and switch off when the achieved. The light and off with the thermostat of the
Frying the heating the the The This to of amount of the The and the switched the The the to the preheating NB!! The and the Overheating protection This which switches the off or the becomes too If this please Service Force
of the The From the heating increased and automatically. On achieved and the heating This heating the and cleaning the heating The shows the dishes. NB!! The used. the the off and the heating turned The the NB!! Preheat the about This the meat heated from the as directly the meat, or the to the meat NB!! the meat it the with instead of the If the preheated approximately the meat heat from the and become the off that ignited. the and as necessary. NB!! the meat it the Warning The the and the top the switched
Heat
Select the and the to The the NB!! that should seafood, the and to (the the fixing to the off further). the the which as The the finished appearance and If should to amounts of food the to the that the reach the The food this If the correctly), or the to light brown, the should NB!! that the The and easily. to the back to once the finished.
Amount
Food the the of fire If should to both the and the instance to with french the following used: the the and and the upright. Heat the to 190C (Approx. the the and the heated the ready light brown). the the and then Switch off the The as follows: the the and the Preheat about the Fry the to Switch off the Then the and The finished. off the Turn the and the as the Turn the and switch the the once enough and the chips they ready to
and cleaning The heating and the the off. the as the Splashguard The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off.
Clean the with cloth amount of become coloured with to this or other cleaning The The cleaning. The The should cleaned each burnt-in and of food with scouring If the heavily with Clean the with or the dishwasher. Apply thin of cooking to the The It to the each The and burn Clean the when they become You clean the the with the the and the dishwasher. the when they cleaned satisfactorily of the New bought from Service Force The heating Normally the heating off the heating or of food them with The You the the from to often to the often the and what. You should the and the when the and/or the to
the shield from the cock. the cock. the enough to the the the cock and the the the cock. The The cock closed. the and with the You the heating when cleaning the Clean the with the cock. the enough to the the the cock and the the the to the to catch the the with cloth. the cock and the shield. the with the upwards the the of the
V, phase, earth This to conformity with the 73/23/EEC and the EMC 89/336/EEC that the and incurred which to the within of You the of the the rating which the of the recommned write this the cover of this instruction, that this information to the of service Unpacking
The mounted type of with whose thickness and Fixing Unscrew the fixing enough they turmed. the to the with screw Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, beam each It to the to the as specially moulding, which incorporated the Installation
Mounting of the of the If the mounted or other reasons there the attachments, these should the the the the and then enough to the screws the the screws. Mount the that they interlock with the the screws the through the the the the and the
The externally measured Two-burner ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top ceramic-top
The only The with regulations heavy The comply with specified the electricity supply authority. There interference with of the The mounted the as shown. Unscrew the cover while the connected or boxes. The connected switch with of least each Please these instructions, otherwise the warranty cover that zero-earth UK supply type HO5VV-F. The and
Something If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, charge the Sympton constantly If these correctly, AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that necessary to of purchase service the connected to the electricity supply. the necessary. AEG Service force
the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should that the recommended the heading "Something Not as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction Should repairs the purchaser inform the AEG Service Force AEG the right to the of the customer's of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser's rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country.
please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the service of and to and UK