CERAMIC HOB TBC PLEASE READ THIS INSTRUCTION BOOKLET BEFORE USING THE APPLIANCE OPERATING INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the user instructions to of the The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Touch heat the Switching the and off. Selecting the cooking Selecting the heat the Switching the child the child Switching off the cooking and of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions Assembly
Instructions instructions Please comply with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This should cooking and fry- of food. The as or as Additions or to the or or plastic, or the ance. Child children from the the The and connected trained, service or they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and connected from the supply to the of shock. Repairs to the trained service
and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high- cleaning to to the The The of the the cookware. of or with scratch the the that and things that burn the and should straightaway. To cookware and allow or frying to the cooking with cookware or without cookware.
of the Appliance cooking cooking 1200W 1800W cooking 2300W and heat selection cooking 1200W On/Off
Touch The operated using the Functions touching and confirmed displays. the from without covering other On Switches and off Increase Select cooking Increases heat heat switched off Heat Heat Malfunction ER heat Child Lock/child heat Warning! of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food field Function
the Switching the and off Switch Touch seconds. flashes Switch off Touch Selecting the cooking Select Touch The displayed the selected cooking Then heat this cooking within seconds, otherwise re-selected. Selecting the heat selecting the cooking release the Increase Touch to Decrease Touch to Switch off Touch and the seconds with input the selection and the To the cooking another tion.
the child The of the The child only activated immediately the ance switched Switching the Switch heat Touch seconds displayed. Appliance switches off. To or switch the child off sucessfully, the immediately the other. other touched the the child The switched off this cooking activated Switch Touch the of the front cooking the the switched off, as Switching off the child Switch seconds Touch or Appliance switches off. or
If switching the heat cooking within seconds, the switches off. If or touched than the cooking switched off. ER03 flashes the or to there heat. If switched off, the cooking switches off seconds. cloth) or the switches cooking off. If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off matically. displayed. Heat Switches off hours hours hours hours
cooking and Information about According to the research, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking and foods too You cookware from the of the The bot- tom should as thick and as of or with or the which or to cookware the cooking switched If the Switch cooking off the of the cooking to of heat. of and cooking should the
of cooking The information the following only. Heat heat food With Steaming Steaming Tips/Hints cooked foods as Cover with and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming of of to food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing Searing of cooking searing meat Turn through as cooking Turn through cooking least as as through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. and cleaning the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. the the the the the with cloth and the cloth. when the of cooled food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased shops, the of Service Force or from www.shop.elec- with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the
What to The cooking cooking selected Select cooking within functioning. seconds of switching lights The cooking selected Appliance to the input The heat The cooking and therefore Several field displayed touched the to the cool displayed heating. cookware. the from the supply and it connected properly displayed The activated or overheat- of the displayed Appliance incorrectly seconds) nected More than seconds the switched The child Deactivate the child tivated section Child The partly covered cloth or with Switch the Switch the cooking within seconds of switching the cloth or the If the cooking to Service Force the from the the the cool
the of other that the from the supply seconds the from the houses If the please Service Force and the If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service technician or of charge, the
The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling with the regulations, The to other and to protection the installation, with protective directly the The of the to protected The the to the top with The the to the top with the and the top. the to and cookware off the when and WARNING! of from The anti-shock protection through The connected to the supply IMPORTANT! of from and and the overheat. the correctly the of single-phase or two-phase the of type H05BB-F 90C (or higher) used. If this (type H05BB-F 90C; or higher). Please Service Force further the which allows the to from the with
of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and tors. UK only: 230V...240V~
Assembly
Plate TBC651X PEE2019 TRICITY BENDIX
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading "Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer Service Ireland please the below: Tricity (Irl) of Ireland CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning Tricity or further information Tricity products, please Customer or telephone the below; Customer Tricity Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
www.electrolux.com www.tricity-bendix.co.uk 200-A-051006-01 to without