INSTRUCTION BOOK GB
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to the functions of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
to the operating instructions: information and information
These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. the or to the The cooking only. It that the the OFF when the If or crack becomes the immediately from the electricity supply and AEG Service Force or the Child Young allowed to with the or with the The when Children should the cooled. and Cleaning this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs only AEG Service Force the off the of and authorised
instructions heat high heat off instructions Turn to of The with the and of light
to shock and however and the cooking they Warning If cracks appear the the from the immediately. of plastics and other such as and food containing to food with to which such as off the while to this the to and crack. the and with cooking which with the cleaned thoroughly the The warranty cover to the which attributed to of the
reasons of and the clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. Splashguard The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off.
cleaning with slightly cloth. scouring the the of the finish. To that the its it recommended that polishing the of the (cross-wise). or other cleaning The The cleaned each used. the and off as as the the with the rough of scouring to apply and or scouring to the Scour thoroughly. the with Apply and the rough of scouring Scour thoroughly. Heat the the brushing with as Switch off the when the boils. cleaning with the Allow the to cool cool enough the with the with clean, cloth. the with cloth. Apply thin of cooking to the and
to this to these instructions The mounted type of with top whose thickness and Clearance The the top of the top and the least Fixing Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. the to the top with ordinary screwdriver. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, each
It to the to the top as specially moulding, which incorporated the The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top Four-burner ceramic-top of mounting half-or worktopsurface which thicker than to notch both of the as shown the The of these notches to the
The The with regulations heavy The comply with specified the electricity supply authority. There interference with of the The mounted the as shown. Unscrew the cover while connecting the directly to the or the outlet More connected or boxes. The connected switch with of least each Please these instructions, otherwise the warranty that zero-earth type HO5VV-F. The and
230V wattage 1500W This to conformity with the (73/23/EEC) and the EMC (89/336/EEC).
If the correctly, please the following AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to incorrect or installation, charge the Sympton constantly If these correctly, AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service the connected to the electricity supply. the necessary. AEG Service force
the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should that the recommended the heading "Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction Should repairs the purchaser inform the AEG Service Force AEG the right to the of the customer's of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser's rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country.
please Customer below, to them of They then that the service of and to and UK