Instruction GB IE
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
Information Instructions the of the Operation...................................................................................................................................... and Cleaning The Top................................................................................................................................. Supports The The Something Not Service and Conditions........................................................................................................... Instructions the technical Location...................................................................................................................................... Building Building or Building with the to the Check.............................................................................. Ignition........................................................................................... Commissioning Testing....................................................................................................................... Conversion from to LPG to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions instructions operation and information
Information You MUST these or using the If Customer This and serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to Installations I.S.813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. the that the and supply with the type stated the rating located near the supply to the Child This to operated allow children to or with the This or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the The when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the This cooking only. It or This connected to combustion products It and connected with to the cooking heat and the which there supply, or cooker with around the supply of
the the should or increasing the this with the with the the OFF when other the with the of the cooking or should the as or the when cooking with and or the Perishable food, items and affected heat and should or below the This cleaned with or with cleaning Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the These instructions countries whose shown the cover of this instruction and the this instruction reference and to owner.
of the Top Crown front back back right crown) front right INSTALLATION and with existing and regulations. The instructions to found the section of this Please, that, once the installed, easily the the of breakdown. WHEN THE HOB IS FIRST INSTALLED Once the to protective which the factory. The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this
The the that there there supply there supply Lighting the lighting, the To light the anticlockwise to ignition, the about seconds This allow the "thermocouple" D) to heated and the to switched off, otherwise the supply interrupted. Then the as required. If the the to and switching the or the to activated automatically. the of electricity, without the this approach the with the and anti-clockwise reaches the If the become to turn, please Service Force crown C Thermocouple
the correctly To efficiency, strongly recommended that only and with the of the used, that the of the the as the that the only or with If which than the recommended the the of the causing the to overheat. cooking with or these of fire, over-heated. The become tarnished heated. Therefore prolonged cooking with earthenware or cast-iron plates Also, to the top the of the and that they centrally the to or the they or their causing the It to or plates the as to the lighting crown front
the to to round the The only the crown and should with other type of or the the the securely the of the as shown the WOK
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The cleaned whilst as easily than to cool. This cleaned with or with cleaning The Top the top cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; removers. Should the top become heavily the following products recommended: cleaner. other Brite or or the Supports The dishwasher proof. If them hand, when them as the rough If necessay, cleaner. cleaning, that the correctly positioned. To properly, that that the the as shown the when the to the top. YES NO
The The and crowns cleaning. the and crowns using and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth. The The obtained through and C). these clean, to and that the crown B) obstructed.
Something Not If the correctly, please the following Service Force SYMPTOM There when lighting the The burns unevenly. If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. SOLUTION that the and the supply switched that the RCCB tripped fitted). the blown. the and crown correctly, cleaning. the and the crown clear of food the and crown correctly, cleaning.
Instructions the technical OVERALL DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: CUT OUT DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: SUPPLY CONNECTIONS inch inch Rear right hand supply, with rewireable with HEAT INPUT Rear BTU/HR) BTU/HR) Rear Right BTU/HR) crown) Right BTU/HR) (auxiliary) APPLIANCE CLASS APPLIANCE CATEGORY II2H3+ GAS SUPPLY G20 (2H) This to the following EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC, edition.
TYPE OF GAS NATURAL GAS VALUE MJ/ LPG GAS VALUE crown Aeration BURNER SEMI-RAPID AUXILIARY TRIPLECROWN POSITION MAX MIN MAX MIN MAX MIN NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S. Editions and the ETCI Installations. the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of required. If of and of effective of required, while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the the of Ireland please to the NSAI- I.S. Editions Location The located or bathroom or shower the the that there of the of the and the of the of the and or walls. The the with the of the If below of allowed from the of the The directly the the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S Edition Section Locations of Appliance.
CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE FO FO IMPORTANT This to the Please, that, once the easily the the of breakdown. The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this instruction CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE
On the of the which includes the threaded that the washer the as shown the Screw the together without using force. to the supply should with or or The should connecting to BSP thread). the that thorough the and installation. that the the It to the correctly, with the shoulder the of the thread, to the to the assembly of FO A) of with B) Washer C) FO
The of the the Building Building or If the to or to heat board below the of the the of the It recommended to the to the as shown and
FLEX OUTLET Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the ON/OFF SWITCH ON/OFF SWITCH FLEX OUTLET
the the Carry the building of the as follows: the with the the front of the Then, them from the and from the as shown the that the without the the that it centred. the with the fixing with the the screws tightened, the The of the which the of Seal
to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to to AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the of the attached the back cover of this The with incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. off serious (shock) that the off of The of exclusively the service force or with with the FO
the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth that the supply with with higher than C.
Check START and A: Earth Continuity NO NO Rectify Carry C: Polarity C PLUG (with cover Earth and B: Insulation Rectify including as necessary. FUSE Yellow Carry D: to Earth Electricity supply should satisfactory.
A. EARTH CONTINUITY CHECK Appliance electrically and necessary. leads from earth to earth should than earth wires and clean and tight. B. INSULATION CHECK Appliance electrically disconnected, switches ON. leads from to If reads then there with leads from to E. If reads than (infinity) there NOTE Should found that the indicated and each to the It that as of burning/arcing found inspection should of burning around the
top and polarity and earth continuity of supply earth of from 'N' the and "O" the from 'L' the and the switches continuity from switches to supply Light manually of the of from the of each to the terminals to the the insulation of the HT leads the
Commissioning the to the To this, follow the below. Turn the to the MAX and the to the MIN then the from MIN to MAX If the or extinguished follow the below. Procedure: the and to MIN. the To thin screwdriver and the screw the steady and extinguish, when the turned from MIN to MAX. this Testing The testing becarried the Proceed as follows: the andthe and crowns. the injector. Turn the and another supply. The reading should and and Turn off the screw
Conversion from to LPG IMPORTANT The from to LPG should It to that this with converted with or the fitted. The to that the the 'OFF' the from the electricity supply crowns and With the of the then and the LPG injectors. TO ADJUST THE GAS RATE With the of thin screwdriver completely the screw. the rating the of the
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk MDM Forl R.0 to without