Congratulations Congratulations purchase of At Products of and completely to with the service priority. know and Thank You choosing purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instruction as instructed this These instructions to cover every and that Common and when operating and Please information reference and service of Purchase: TABLE OF CONTENTS Welcome/Product Assembly/Built-In Instructions........................4-8 the Lighting the to Common Warranty.................................................................19 Please this reference Products, Inc rights
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION this to reduce the of fire, burn or other should because of the high this CHILDREN SHOULD NOT BE LEFT UNATTENDED IN AN AREA WHERE THE GRILL IS BEING OPERATED. This clear from or other and allow to with or or of this specifically recommended this service should other service. Follow the and servicing instructions with this service technician. the supply that know to the off to If tight operation. If to technician. lighting to what the that lights the FOR YOUR SAFETY If off to the Extinguish If immediately CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION WARN- ING: The of cooking products which the of which known the State of California to or California businesses to customers of to such To to these this to the and tion when cooking with This to or recreational vehicles or FOR OUTDOOR USE ONLY Instructions TESTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANSI STANDARD FOR OUTDOOR COOKING GAS APPLIANCES. THIS GRILL IS FOR OUTDOOR USE ONLY. building the of installation. the of this should with the National Z223.1-2002 and the National ANSI/NFPA DO NOT or or other and the of this or other LP connected the of this or other DO NOT lighting this without reading the LIGHTING INSTRUCTIONS section of this FOR YOUR SAFETY WARNING
Features: GL57 top Warming back Shelf ignitors: back Warming knobs:side
to assembly protective from Assembly and required: wrench wrench wrench the assembly, tery and from the threaded section of the the of the mounting the threaded section of the through the the and to shelf the the assembly to which with which shelf.) Tighten Securely. the battery, first, and assembly and the the other shelf. GL57 Assembly Right Shelf Wire) Shelf Wire) Assembly Assembly Battery Mounting Bracket
Shelf/Side Assembly the the of the and the allowing the heads to through the the of the Then the shelves the resting the top of the of the shelf the wires from the of the to the It which to which the four and There Black Circle Plates that to the to correctly. the Grate off of the the Black Circle top of the Grate top of the
to the correctly the and around the ignitors, as they shifted shipment. the of with facing cooking the the to cooking it allowing the to with the each Assembly Top cover Warming Shelf
Built-In Instructions The as built-in If as built-in the surround constructed of Non-combustible and the and of to or other items to furnish such Countertops constructed with lighting to and building cook- architect or the the following to the and items built-in that the the right hand the head. The and items throughout the to operation. Location account and as as flow, and the The should without or beneath the to the rear, should located front of or than from hard-to-clean supply as as performance. To strongly that to Clearance to Non-Combustible Construction of clearance from the back of the to required. You should allow least clearance to The directly to below the cooking Plate The with of to mounted the It should the front or of the built-in island, with the of the than from the The plate fits the once mounted the The ground the to grounded to the to the the right should or supply the supply least The supply and GFI If includes to to the
each to feed wires to the plates and allow to high back from front GFI outlet front or mount *A clearance the back of the and C N/A N/A N/A N/A Additional to with of *If using backsplash or rear service the hand *A clearance of from the back the and such as of Built-In Instructions Access Access N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A C to and the IGNITOR PLATE INSTALLATION counter top to of from of
Information the type of supply to used, (NG) or (L.P)., and the plate (located the back of the with that of the supply. to the installations, supply that easily to the to or the of with the National ANSI/NFPA and the National ANSI Z223.1-1998. type and to the actions of L.P. should and with and ordinances. the of the comply with the National ANSI Z223.1-1998. from the tory. the and the type of or L.P.) from This and its off from the supply testing of that of PSIG This isolated from the supply closing its shut-off testing of the supply to or than PSIG The of this with or the of with National ANSI with the Can1-b149.1 and or burning and and The supply should and the of or with instructions supply to type and of and to the If the supply too the correctly. type and to the actions of L.P. the shut-off location to the supply to off to the
L.P. that to with L.P. with high hose and assembly. the and hose assembly with the or and hose specified This assembly to directly to L.P. the hose assembly to the wrench the of the securely and other to the separately) L.P. Information or L.P. or with The L.P. with shut-off terminating L.P. supply specified, as the outlet and ANSI/CGA-V-1. or other (The L.P. protection OPD, The L.P. supply constructed and with the L.P. of the U.S. of Transportation (DOT) or the National of CAN/CAS-B339, Spheres and the Transportation of supply to the OFF The supply (LP upright The and hose assembly inspected each of the If there or wear or the hose to the of the reach of and or other the or this LP with
Testing Information Although the tested the factory to the to or unknowingly to the the whole or immediately the of detected. Testing Not while testing. Extinguish with of or and Testing Turn off the Turn the top of the supply counterclockwise (right to rotation to Apply the to of the supply assembly. If appear, the to If the detected. (If detected, immediately turn off the supply, on,and Turn off the the supply Turn the to release the the hose, then the back off. off with and If turn off the supply and or the purchased the from. If necessary, the with supply each and each the connected to the of the replaced. least once whether or the L.P. supply disconnected.
Location the sheds or the as this to which or death. the the while operation. The facing directly the Clearance to of from the and back from the and below the cooking to Clearance to of clearance from the back of the to the to Not the while the tested and properly located. Light the the instructions this Turn the to High and preheat the the food the and cook to the heat High and necessary. Allow to cool and the each supply and the supply hose from heated The location of the with to the the operation. to the of the This the
Lighting the Lighting Warning: the supply wear or and as from the as when Lighting This with and The located the right lights the which and the The the shelf lights the which The lights the Lighting the with the attempting and of the counter clockwise to the HIGH and the hear sound. It necessary to the about seconds. If the light seconds, the to OFF and trying to light Match Lighting If chance the light the the with match. as from the as and match through the the to the of the back the the match the and and the counter clock- to the HIGH If the light the shooting section of this Turn the to the OFF when and to Light the the of #SB1 #SB2 Right #SB1 #SB2)
the The to cook items from the back heat. The type which searing heat. other cooking this heat searing the and found of Once the reach cooking The about The with and of turn- to of food. The mounted the of the the the with the facing the back of the the straight to operating. Warning: Instructions This with three-prong (grounding) protection shock and should directly properly grounded three-prong or the grounding from this the The mounted the of the the the with the facing the back of the With the and outlet ready to of the meat the facing from the the through the of the food, then the meat the the food). the food to cooked the then the meat together. the wing It to food with butchers or to Once the food the pointed of the the assembly and the other the the right-hand of the (If the cooking Turn the switch to the On to the the when when
the Lighting the and the counter clockwise to the HIGH seconds Then and the hear sound. If the light seconds, the to OFF and trying Once the to the (If the function, the holding match to the while the turned counter clockwise to HIGH.) NOTE: the first the around the This of the type the The This occurrence. Not the and back the Lighting and the to the and immediately and the hear sound. It to the about seconds. If the light seconds, the to the OFF and trying to light Match Lighting If chance the light the the with match. as from the as and match through the the to the of the the match the and and the to the
The located below the the should cleaned to heavy of Allow the to attempting to clean. Grates The cooking cleaned immediately cooking completed and turning off the Wear and the cooking with cloth. If the allowed to cleaning the from the and cleaned with The from of the from the heat off the this Purchase and the of the of the of grease gather the of the and to the and appearance. with cleaner. the of the Rear Please light and the least once month to there build-up of or grease the This the to as should. and
Trouble Shooting Trouble Shooting You should inspect the least once or immediately of the following The of with the appearing The reach The The heats unevenly. service If the function properly, the following light when the pushed. heat with High of the high least seconds while battery/replace battery. the cooking and and of to the to match light the If L.P. then supply and If L.P. If using L.P. supply If appears clear of Pre-heat If using L.P. then
or with the of properly with and Insect Warning and insects the of this or other and the to flow from the front of the This which fire to the thereby the and to least once to Trouble Shooting of cleaning. and cooking grates build-up. directly of wind. the clean. the to the four that head to head to the or right properly. the
Warranty of these specifications to without ICON57IMD LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY Warranty years and year warranty other IMPORTANT: the warranty that with of that The of the warranty warranty coverage. LIMITED WARRANTY If the properly, first thoroughly the instructions with the to that the correctly and the Troubleshooting section. The warranty The warranty of only. from or with This warranty cover or to of hostile alterations, or or This warranty cover scratches, or heat, and cleaners the of the If other please Customer Service