From the The The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. INSTRUCTION BOOK
Congratulations from AEG Customer, Congratulations with It that become with the functions and of the You should therefore these operating instructions as they the of to sections These to the operating instructions. They there something about, and should the to owner. The of the operating instructions to them as reference The first of the operating instructions of Then follows introduction of the things to the the first The section to the life. this section with The section Cleaning and information both and thorough cleaning of the of the Should when the the section service, where there instructions to and technical yourself. The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
service Technical constantly earth and Too the to the operating instructions: information and information
These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. the specifications or to the The only. It that the the OFF when the AEG Service or the the while or heating and The or infirm without Child Young children should to that they with the The when it Children should the cooled. and Cleaning this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs only AEG Service the off the of and authorised 230V wattage 1400W This to conformity with the (73/23/EEC) and the EMC (89/336/EEC).
The The with using heavy The comply with specified the electricity supply authority. There interference with of the The mounted the as shown. Unscrew the cover while connecting the directly to the or the More connected or boxes. The switch with of least each Please these instructions, otherwise the warranty cover that zero-earth type HO5VV-F. The and
instructions heat high heat off light It necessary to the beam to the top as specially moulding, which incorporated the The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top ceramic-top of mounting half-or worktopsurface which thicker than to notch both of the as shown the The of these notches to the
to this to these instructions The mounted type of with top whose thickness and Clearance The the top of the top and the least Fixing Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. Tighten the to the top with ordinary screwdriver. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, each to shock and however and the cooking they Warning If cracks appear the the from the immediately. of plastics and other such as and food containing to food with to which such as off the while to this the to and crack. the and with cooking which with the cleaned thoroughly the The warranty cover to the which attributed to of the
reasons of and the clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. Splashguard The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off. cleaning with slightly cloth. scouring clean the the of the finish. To that the its recommended that polishing the of the (cross-wise). or other cleaning The The cleaned each used. the and off as as using the the with the rough of scouring to apply and or scouring to the Scour thoroughly. the with Apply and the rough of scouring Scour thoroughly. Heat the the boils, brushing with as Switch off the when the cleaning with the Allow the to cool cool enough the with the with clean, cloth. the with cloth. Apply thin of cooking to the and