From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. GR INSTRUCTION BOOK GB
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to know the functions of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the user the to the operating instructions: information Table of and information
information These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. the specifications or to the The cooking only. It that the the OFF when the If or crack becomes the immediately from the electricity supply and AEG Service Force or the Child allowed to with the or with the The when Children should the cooled. and Cleaning this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs only AEG Service Force the off the of and authorised please Customer below, to them of They then that the service of and to and UK Slough
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction Should repairs the purchaser inform the AEG Service Force AEG the right to the of the customer's of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser's rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. of the
instructions instructions heat high heat off light the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should that the recommended the heading "Something Not Working" as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Service
Something If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, the Sympton constantly If these correctly, AEG Service Force customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service the connected to the electricity supply. the necessary. AEG Service force the to shock and however and the cooking they Warning If cracks appear the the disconnected from the immediately. of plastics and other such as and food containing to food with to which such as wiped off the while to this the to and crack. the and with cooking which with the cleaned thoroughly the The warranty cover to the which attributed to of the
Cleaning and reasons of and the clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. Splashguard The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off. 230V 1400W This to conformity with the (73/23/EEC) and the EMC (89/336/EEC). Technical Unpacking
The The with regulations using heavy The comply with specified the electricity supply authority. There interference with of the The mounted the as shown. Unscrew the cover while the directly to the or the outlet More connected or boxes. The connected switch with of least each Please these instructions, otherwise the warranty cover that zero-earth type HO5VV-F. The and cleaning with slightly cloth. scouring the the of the finish. To that the its it recommended that polishing the of the (cross-wise). or other cleaning The The cleaned each used. the and off as as the the with the rough of scouring to apply and or scouring to the Scour thoroughly. the with Apply and using the rough of scouring Scour thoroughly. Heat the the brushing with as Switch off the when the cleaning with the Allow the to cool cool enough the with the with clean, cloth. the with cloth. Apply thin of to the and
to this to these instructions The mounted type of with top whose thickness and Clearance The the top of the top and the least Fixing Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. Tighten the to the top with ordinary screwdriver. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, each It to the to the top as specially moulding, which incorporated the The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top Four-burner ceramic-top of mounting half-or which thicker than to notch both of the as shown the The of these notches to the