Professional Ironers
Nothing of atwork the of products to and customers sheets and perfectly Ensuring customers comfort, of business what The of the and choice of options to this whilst the increasing the to business quality, and Professional Its with increased productivity, and the both and and of the reasons why the healthcare
professional flatwork the and the and atwork to everyone. Direct Ironer Advanced (DIAMMS) the to the With this the of too or too the productivity. Whats to perfection. With the of to the of overheating. of thermal the heat distributed through the of With the the of without business
The
every of the The with their intuitively the information the and Whats light informs the retained the This and with RABC* The CMIS** to track/record every the and process. *RABC: and CMIS: Information The easy to and to Both the and with the
The the At and to atwork to everyone. protection and productivity the of protection of and and productivity heavy withstand of 200C and the of and healthy as as greater performance
Tailored to to the perfectly. Folding (FFS) Heating Service costly and and Folding (FFS) One that atwork with only. and automatically. the Heating You choose the heating options and, thanks to the to the or and thermal heating, allows and the lowest the while and healthier workplace. The and the You items with only, productivity business. Folding highly and completely characteristics to the as the each item to consistently the of investment years to operating and trained
choice Option Not Bed-type IB42310 IB42314 IB42316 to to to to to to Height Height Heating features Rear only phase products IC43316 IC43320 IC44819 Height Height (with feeding) (with feeding) Height (with feeding) (with feeding) (with feeding) (with feeding) to to to to to to Heating Steam Thermal Functional --R only, --2R front or LF front only -F2R front without LF or with LF F-R feeding, F-2R feeding, front or FLF feeding, front with or without FF2R feeding, front without LF or rear with LF FFL feeding, and FFS feeding, and DIAMMS the option selected, please the information as option
Bed-type C.FLEX C.FLEX height height height height height height to to to to to to to to to to to to Heating Steam Steam to Thermal Functional Rear cleaning of within the to selection the with ribbons Heat insulation top cover, right casings items through top of right casing, feeding feeding feeding feeding of items protection casings off reception and of items ASME and Steam top cover of casing, RAL reference IC44821 IC44825 IC44828 IC44832 IC34819FFS IC34825FFS IC34831FFS IC36431 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to included included included
www.electrolux.com/professional of thinking www.electrolux.com than to It and to every of the from to The ISO long-term The the right to specifications without 9JLBRU