EDI Iron
thinking of when this
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that it Ease-of-Mind.
Instructions Appliance to using the first Sorting and Starting the first Iron TM of Iron TM Iron TM Drying of Cleaning and What to Technical The following this information concerning and information to the information and information instructions the Guarantee/Customer Service Service and
the Iron with to the to the first the and tion instructions The upright first the caused aged the of age to the Correct with the The and smoothing applications. The people (including with physical, or of or of knowledge or instructed their when the Conversions or to the permitted. the to unwashed which or or smoothed this of fire! or smoothed, which with such as removers, or thoroughly using with cleaning items of the they or to items include shower with and of clothing or cushions with stuffing. heavily items the of fire! items with cushions) the of fire! with the of fire! such items the the of fire! of the with the of fire and/or using dry-cleaning those products which clared as the the or products as the structions the Clean the and each or Iron the without or with of fire!
the with or You the from this as as first using coffee Clean the heat regularly. With washer and the These off operation. The the light screwed tightly. Child from of suffocation! Children often the associated with chines. children the that children and the ances of death! the whenever used. Repairs to the technicians. the the or the operating plate or that the of the and or Customer Service. Switch off the cleaning, or the from the or with nections switch off the the and/or the screwed-in Disconnect the from the supply operations. from the the the instead of the couplings and used. of fire from overheating! The height-adjustable the with of of shock! the The Once the or Iron interrupted, the and of burns! when the when the Iron the the phase. burns. The to the phase. If the or Iron to the to and the cool The the cooling phase to the from caused high the back of the ance while operating.
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning! finished life, the from the off the and and of them. the lock. This from themselves and their
the the and therefore when Iron The cally the the of using the COTTON CUPBOARD. as the the plinth the specified the the and or Iron Pre-draining Drying
Appliance with Steam Heat plinth Drainage hose light plinth Loading (interchangeable (with height
and On/Off switch What shown the LOAD preselection Drying DELICATE BUZZER DRYNESS Steam START/PAUSE Function Iron Cooling Child displays HEAT EXCHANGER FILTER CONTAINER DELAY TIMER of Water
Function overview: Iron TM Steam This both as and to clothes (Iron to operating as there operating as ance, there smoothing and EXTRA CUPBOARD DAMP DRYING EXTRA Synthetics CUPBOARD Synthetics DAMP Synthetics WOOL SILK TIME COTTON IRON AID SYNTHETICS COTTON SYNTHETICS REFRESH function from and and the REFRESH smoothing and from outer- and smoothed and If activated the Iron The REFRESH type Iron Smoothes clothing clothing
to using the first to the first to which the with cloth or MIN) with cloths the Sorting and Sorting Sorting type: the COTTON group. and synthetics the SYNTHETICS group. Sorting The Drying the the ance which specified the as This items which as tumble-drying. coloured to- with light-coloured items. Turn the to TIME. Press the TIME repeatedly appears the Press the START/PAUSE reduced SPECIAL CARE and wear with the EXTRA Items Wool and the WOOL the the as as together which or the with to and Please heavy items of rately. Drying the
about Iron The following treated Iron knitwear, leather, with or with or To smooth or freshen with Iron and smooth together that of and coloured to- with light-coloured items. of when inconspicuous cleaning such as with Iron the first To becoming covers and or ribbons of Empty items Turn items with double-layered with the should outermost). These then about Iron treating with Iron or using localised the first Switching switch- light Turn the to The switched the the the force the to the and securely. lock.
TM Iron TM You the Iron the first the there from previous chapter Cleaning and Emptying If, Iron select- the the lights to the with Oth- to Iron the with or or You the from the as as first the with the fitted: containing then the
with from the provided, to the MAX the and with back specifically prohibited the chapter Sorting and treated with the Iron Steam only they as TM
of of Iron TM shirts. COTTON synthetic shirts. SYNTHETICS smoothing COTTON SYNTHETICS REFRESH information only. Smoothing the selected and the and of the The and containing than synthetics with the right Iron You therefore smoothing select- Iron when Additional functions LOAD BUZZER smoothing easy-care or to or of trousers or the of and that using mechanical and the first Iron and with of that as as to the of Iron to learn from to the from the of loaded, the of the and the and Iron Please the accompanying
Loading LOAD COTTON SYNTHETICS COTTON SYNTHETICS REFRESH information select- the and only. higher or The REFRESH Iron to the of which might MIN items MED items MAX items MIN items MED items MAX items MIN MED MAX MIN MED MAX MIN of trousers MED MAX of appear the once the DURATION DURATION
of Selecting the the to the The the Select (LOAD) To the of The LOAD to the MIN, MED or MAX. Iron from the REFRESH the clothes. activated first required. The shows the the selected LOAD. Press the LOAD repeatedly the (MIN, MED or MAX) shown the If the LOAD Iron selected, the (MED) selected automatically. If the REFRESH MIN lected automatically.
If first with and the If too high selected, their If too selected, creases Selecting The the Iron BUZZER, TIME DELAY and the CHILD LOCK. BUZZER The with the BUZZER function activated. the finished, acoustic sound. Each or the to sound. The to switch the tion or off. the function the BUZZER appears the of
of With the DELAY the of and of hours Select the and Press the DELAY as as the appears the the to hours. If the showing and the the The and then the of the selected To the the START/PAUSE The amount of the to displayed Child The child to or operation The and the The child activated or deactivated the BUZZER and TIME buttons ously seconds. started: ance started: operation The appears the to that the activated. The child once the to If to first the
Starting Iron TM Press the START/PAUSE button. The started. the phase appears the The the the selected Iron including the tional phase. With the the the Iron including the as the right of reached, the Iron automatically. The shows the of the Iron the The phases shown animated of the phases that of the Iron and the phase animated of the the of burns! If the lights when Iron the started. You to the first section Cleaning and It the to Iron or with such as buttons, the To which selected once the started, first the to OFF and then the The directly once the started. If theless to the with the or function ton the BUZZER the START/PAUSE and the The however affected this. items or items of or items. securely. Press the START/PAUSE to the
Iron the Iron phase and the ANTICREASE appears the If the BUZZER activated, sounds The Iron ically followed phase, including phas- which around The rotates the phase. This the and of creases. It the phase, phases the should as as the to the the from the It to this Cleaning and section.) To the of the Iron treatment, clothes the phase and clothes to least and selected the buttons and the tion to and seams. Turn the to OFF. each Clean the and the section Cleaning and
Drying of EXTRA COTTON CUPBOARD thickness or DAMP EXTRA SYNTHETICS CUPBOARD thin which to DAMP ironed, items, shirts. TIME AUTO SILK AUTO SPECIAL WOOL AUTO Press the DELICATE Additional- when BUZZER Application/properties DELICATE DRYNESS Thorough of thick or layered terry towelling items, bathrobes. Thorough of of thicknesses, terry towelling items, knitwear, towels. Thorough of thick or pullovers, thin which ironed, easy shirts, clothes, with bones or wires. further of items of or of than You from to and with stress. Sorting and washing.) immediately as anti-crease follows.
of Selecting the the to the The the Selecting functions You choose from the functions DRYNESS, DELICATE, BUZZ- ER and TIME TIME selected). The of the functions the selected shown the DRYNESS If of the too increase the the DRYNESS function. becomes as from MIN to MAX. Press the DRYNESS the (MIN, MED or MAX) shown the If another selected, AUTO flashes the If or of the too the of WOOL or SILK restarting the this with the DRYNESS function selected and MIN, MED or MAX. the of with relatively the of the displayed the corrected while.
that select- the DRYNESS function, or DELICATE of with the and with reduced heat. DELICATE with of to Press the DELICATE The DELICATE appears the BUZZER The with the BUZZER function activated. the finished, acoustic sound. Each or the to sound. The to switch the tion or off. the function the BUZZER appears the of
of TIME To the the TIME You from to Turn the to the TIME The to the COOLING Press the TIME repeatedly the shown the of If the select- the to To the and the please to the chapter Iron the the
Starting Press the START/PAUSE The started. The shows The DRYING and COOLING appear the the other. The of the as the To which selected once the started, first the to OFF and then the The directly once the started. If theless to the with the or function ton the BUZZER the START/PAUSE and the The however affected this. or when necessary Warning! and bec of burns! or items. the securely. lock. Press the START/PAUSE to the Drying Once the fin- ished, CREASE GUARD lights the If the BUZZER ed, sounds The phase which around The this phase. This the and free of creases. It the anti-crease phase. (The should the of the phase the to creases from the from the It to this Cleaning and section.) Turn the to OFF. each Clean the and the section Cleaning and
cleaning and Cleaning and Cleaning To that the fectly, the the and front of the cleaned Iron or the without the or with or the to the which built the of the the from the the upwards. from preferably this the
Cleaning the The to cleaned every should and cleaned of necessary. You to the following (to the chapter Cleaning from the It to this the Clean the the using cloth immediately the Iron or cleaning and
cleaning and Emptying the Empty every If the active off and the TANK light or- to the the first emptied. Warning! The or containing the and the as as the or and If the as of the Press the START/PAUSE to the The of This around of which previously
The as first the to and of the attached to the of the straight through the the top of the cleaning and
cleaning and Cleaning heat If the HEAT EXCHANGER minated, the heat to cleaned. when the heat with the This creases To this, the release located beneath the and the to the from the of the and the heat the with cloth. Turn both washers the to the heat of the and to from To the heat vertically
to the heat You and Clean heat It to or to thoroughly with shower head. heat and (turn both washers outwards they The the HEAT EXCHANGER the ance without the heat cleaning and Cleaning the or to the the or cleaning the of the The to which the then reliably. The than when from the ance. cleaner) to the of the and Clean and housing clean- or cleaning to the cloth to the and housing. the light or lighting The the lighting Cus- tomer
what to What to Remedying malfunctions If, operation, the or appears the light Iron Water empty. Iron sufficiently smooth. Iron there creases the or correctly. Press the START/PAUSE Press the START/PAUSE ton. OFF light Defective light tion). selected SYNTHETICS instead of COTTON). Too LOAD higher LOAD Too or that too Clothes the anti-crease phase fin- ished. clothes and/or to their The Iron the of smoothing Switch the off and Press the START/PAUSE If the appears please the Customer the tion). Turn the to the of the the with or ones. clothes from the as as the of the crease phase. clothes buttons and they of the Iron creases the Iron
Drying tory. appears the Drying shortly ANTICREASE minated. inactive, CONTAINER minated. PROGRAMME TIME or Drying to hours the tomatically of of selected. Clean Heat with Clean heat Incorrect amount of washing. recommended loads. covered of or Additional tions selected started. Too the selected or that too corrected type and of and of Clean Heat with Clean heat DELICATE and too too insufficiently what to Select the section of Uncover Clean of and the DRYNESS tional function chapter selecting tions). Turn the to OFF. Select or higher EXTRA of CUPBOARD). Empty then with the [START/PAUSE] process, there with the DELICATE with of to of together they
technical Technical This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Height width with Height when Loading with IEC s. of CUPBOARD COTTON 5C to 35C countries as of The They when the tablished operated CUPBOARD COTTON DAMP COTTON CUPBOARD SYNTHETICS to the COTTON HAND IRON Loading
tions The upright first of the The oth- The the first that the and type of specified the type plate match the and type of the The found the type the tection which as specified. The or caused to the With only tablished authorised of frost. the that locked, with the The of house or the of other instructions with high the that the its the
Removing of the off from top of hose and from the
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, as The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The nected to the N or coloured
The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. WARNING! off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth This with the the EEC Directive AC: rating rating plate further information. This VDE regulations of electricity authorities This conforms to EEC 82/499/EWG WARNING! Repairs to trained repairs to serious the
the The four of the of individually the height screw To this the and the or of or such to the the height screw instead. The following from Service Force or Intermediate washer and ance: These intermediate to the ance and front as washer/iron The the and the ance the top. supplied: without plate with the with the The the of the to to and The this the located the of the of facing Warning! The If necessary, please service. the
service Guarantee/Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and only the ity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The iced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com Fredericia M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ service
service Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electrolux.co.uk. service and
service and Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk