with Cuchilla o conserver The of the and should reference. Mechanical
Nous Nous to thank choosing that the high of with and and that service.Before to to with this which purposely to with the information with basic informarle Attention! Read the instruction toute other people from the Attention! Warning of hand and injury. Non o dinhalation of breathing toxic the ance closed or poorly Gase Non marche. of top with with Attention! Attention! Switch off the and the the supply from the Attention! from and humidity. to- fiche tranchant carrying operations the the o informar o antes o o of o o o o o Afastar o BEMRK! informera Irrota
The following the ity "ATTENZIONE" o Indice ATENCIN Cuchillo o FIGYELEM FORSIKTIG ATTENTION marche LET OP POZOR to, VAROITUS ATTENTION From top to Attention, the instruction operating the of the and the instruction carrying service or the the from the with the ATENO o as chave o Indice ADVARSELSSKILT reparation MAX Arme UWAGA as VARNING reparation WA
Warning: of injury. Warning Attention! Warning of and injury. CE CE Conformity EC CE CE CE CE EU CE CE UE CE CE COSTRUTTORE CONSTRUCTEUR MANUFACTURER BAUFIRMA CONSTRUCTOR FABRIKANT FABRICANTE PRODUCENT EPITO VROBCE FABRIKANT TILLVERKARE KONSTRUKTREN VALMISTAJA KW Warning of burns. release of Cie
Seat Throttle Gear (MEC) wheel Battery height catcher coupling housing light and (HYDRO) and Cutting plate Cutting height Centralised Height Recommended with The included with as If the with the then accessory therefore the accessory and with assembly, the following screws self-locking (M5) The and ready assembled from the seat, and front Please the follow- when the Unpack the that of the and the assembly. Mount the front the positioning washer the and washer with Mount the the the wheel connected with the the of the the through the the and the the the casing and the the washers and M5 M5 screws and to the the seat to the plate through the M8 screws. with washers and the screws, the of the seat the of the to the the to the rear of the ride-on-mower with the H.H. screws, the Z- plates and M5 the height the switched off and the to the outwards to release from its seat. the the notch the Release the the The height front with Allow the to the and with It strictly to the without completing assembly. Attention: the with outwards. The the and the that the tightly screwed ENGLAND
ENGLAND Empty the overflows. The light the wheel shows that the Dont the when the light the wheel The and with healthy to and regularly. the and to and yellowing of the You clean with and straight The should to from the which thrown the While which or the or the while the Dont the operation completely finished its assembly. the operation the first to with and the to the and the to the (the the housing the right of the seat). the the with and follow the instructions the operating and The the below the seat. the seat Unscrew the and with lead-free Screw the back. only of type SAE (SE, SF or SG). that the ground. The the below the seat. of ground with the the only when the tractor with the clutch and with the clutch to STOP the throttle to START Press the the the Turn the to the right and release RUN The light beneath the wheel Should the to within seconds, to the battery, further seconds trying the and the to while To switch off the the to STOP. The light off. switch the off when the the to of the while the or The and the closed or Switch off the the and swivel the the completely empty. the to its Switch the the of the season (May-June) often or least once The height should and the the should than and the should higher than to ground and If the somewhat higher than should the of immediately; the to than the The operation the first trained who and the operating instructions. the following free rating SAE ("SE", "SF" "SG") the seat Unscrew the the the MAX. the reached the
the and the and and operations. Top with or (as the previous chapter). without with the off. the necessary to to the Should to manually the the the 'X'. Warning! operations the off and the that there or within the operating of the Select the and Transportation of other strictly Press the which acts as clutch, the I) to chosen then release and the and the I) (R) the then releasing the manually operating the throttle H1). Press the I1). To the the The switched when the with and throttle and with seated the the the START The and the the clutch STOP The turning about seconds. operating the with the operating instructions. the age of or the of or the from these the closed operating the that other children or the of the 4)Please that wire, from the outwards or the the of the operation. daylight or lighting or NEVER to the when to the to the switched the of to the or without protective 10)The of the specifically and the factory and the with the following the instructions. to positioning from the the when and 13)This which switches off the that the his seat. or from the rotating from the whilst the manually or the with the of of the and operations the and of temporary of the protections the switched off and the Starting as the heading while the the with the I) to The and without the H3) the to X. At the of the operation, to Y. the of the the the right of the wheel Release the and the manually operating the throttle H1). the right foot from the I1). Press the To the the I2) upwards. Pressing the the If throttle. It to released the If the user from the seat the the switches off. the 17)The switched off: when the or its the emptying operations. the the operations. of injury!! from the and Wear the the closed the cool to of fire, the and free of and grease. 22)The of and that and screws to the operating the with the within where the reach or 3)Allow the to cool the and free from and to reduce the of fire. the wear or reasons, to worn-out or 7)If the to that this the following the instructions and the or the of the or and with the reference 9)To or assembly of the it absolutely to wear protective ENGLAND
ENGLAND service and cleaning the and cooled off. The following operations the himself. other service and authorized cleaning cleaning Switch Battery and cleaning sharpening or cleaning You the with the the The MAX. and MIN. notches. Used from the mouth of the operations to the indicated L. Once the operations to the and the the Please follow the operating instructions with this and the only Should the to this operation, the to authorized or the and wear protective when the the The with of instructions and BATTERY CONNECTION the cover the (as the instruction the to the and the to the the cover the only IMPORTANT! Protect the from and DO NOT SPRAY WITH WATER! the of using this and high AFTER USING EACH TIME AFTER FIRST HOURS MONTHLY OFTEN Used the or to to the water-table. or the authorized to authority Release the or the and reasons the should re-sharpened Authorsied Service EVERY OPERATING HOURS EVERY OPERATING HOURS EVERY OPERATING HOURS AT THE BEGINNING OF EVERY SEASON Those with and bearing the containing to The to the to or to them to the PRIOR TO STORING
cleaning, the and the to cool With the the upwards. the with off. wear protective when the or cleaning operations). that the to the of fire that both the and of or reasons and or immediately authorized FAULT POSSIBLE CAUSES CORRECTION the that reaches the the sticking the the cover. Clean the and necessary. the too high or the height, high or too heavy or too to conveyed the to the off. The function the clutch from Service Workshop. function clean, fresh Clean then the to "START" and "STOP" from Service Workshop. Clean the and necessary. Difficulty Unscrew the and incorrectly connected the casing Clean the casing cleaning the the Closed throttle throttle to MAX. Clean instructions also). incorrect from Service Workshop. Incorrect height the height worn, or the too high causing the the height accordingly. Clean the casing with previous NB: to the Defective from Service Workshop. Defective from Service Workshop. Cabling from Service Workshop. Clutch from Service Workshop. Charging from Service Workshop. hose the casing from the to the or causing cloths or to of the The SERVICE DEALER. with the where with or the closed allow the to cool! the and with the ENGLAND
Bouchon