High air-o-speed High (AOW101EABU) High 64A Short Item Unit to air-o-speed High AOW101E. The air-o-speed the three cooking Steam F-266 F), convected F-572 F), F-482 F) of and the of reducing cooking to Patented allows of s/s or cooking and to Each cooking operates and Patented and with of the other cooking or of to To LCD easy and cooking access. To cooking cooking C (LTC) and memory to factory cooking included. cooking chamber with rounded corners. thermo-glazed cooking chamber lighting. IPX5 splash protection hose included as air-o-clean, and built-in self-cleaning EKIS, HACCP software included. Service two-year and one-year warranty, and performance from installation. Professional, Inc. www.electroluxusa.com/professional SW Telephone air-o-speed included ITEM MODEL PROJECT NAME SIS AIA Patented that with combi-cooking to the cooking process, the of the air-o-speed interface: (PATENT PENDING) Dry, F to F): Saturated F to F): packed) re-thermalization and Steam F): seafood and High F to F). Combination F to F): combining convected heat and to cooking the cooking and reducing to reduction cook to to ready cooking with cookware of cooking (PATENT). (LTC): food of meat (PATENT). re-thermalization function: holding and light Reduced cooking memory cooking items. locations on-board memory, to cooking each. Ready EKIS software (pc-based HACCP Ready HACCP air-o-clean built-in and self-cleaning Service included: 1-year warranty. check-up month from installation. Construction IPX splash protection easy cleaning. cooking chamber with rounded corners easy cleaning. thermo-glazed hinged easy-release easy cleaning. front easy service to Integrated hose included. Included racks) PNC Optional PNC Trolley PNC PNC PNC Increased pitch racks) PNC plate PNC PNC Thermal PNC of PNC Non-stick PNC PNC with PNC Frying PNC of PNC HACCP PNC High air-o-speed
Supply (AOW101EABU) 64A Connected Water Water Water CW Water FCW D: recommends the of treated based testing of Please to user information. Top Clearance: Clearance: and right hand clearance service access: Capacity Steam GN: capacity: Information height: The the right to to the products without information of air-o-speed High High air-o-speed