the Microwave the Microwave P/N TINSEB481MRR1
Information Please and this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information to this with the operation to microwave It to or with the interlocks. the front and the or allow or to the It that the properly and that there to the: and or and The should or repaired properly service Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY Purchase location) NOTE with to You or Product Card the
Information Precautions to to Microwave of Instructions Unpacking and Grounding Instructions Information You to About About microwave cooking About About children and the microwave About food About and coverings To the clock............................................... STOP/clear cooking To the Reheat chart of chart Meal breakfast chart chart chart Other Defrost Defrost chart cooking More or Demonstration Light................................................................ Cleaning and Service Specifications Warranty Informations
Instructions should followed, including the following: instructions using the ance. and follow the PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY This grounded. to properly grounded Grounding or this with the instructions. products such as whole and containersfor closed to and should heated this this its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory with when this or properly or or This should serviced service Authorized Servicer examination, or cover or the ance. or this this waterfor or locations. or from heated of or counter. cleaning instructions To reduce the of fire the cavity: overcook food. To reduce the of burns, shock, fire, to or to SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS to when or other the to from or If the closed, off and the or off the or the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when such as coffee or to overheated the without appearing to or when the from the Microwave THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID. To reduce the of to overheat the the both and through heating straight-sided with wide-mouthed heating, allow the to the Microwave least seconds the when or other the Clean and grease frequentlygrease should allowed to or grease when cleaning the and the grease cleaning such as lye-based cleaners, the and the grease food the the This both and cooking or
the of the the back and the to plasticfoam off and WALL and TOP CABINET TEMPLATES. SAVE THE CARTON AS IT MAY MAKE INSTALLATION EASIER. the from the of the there to that there WALL TEMPLATE and TOP CABINET TEMPLATE. and SAVE the and the such as or and or and and the cavity or the If there the and or ELECTROLUX AUTHORIZED SERVICER. Instructions and examing
Grounding Instructions This grounded. This with grounding with ground- It that properly and grounded with the National and and ordinances. the of grounding reduces of shock the The with grounding DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES CUT OR REMOVE THE GROUNDING PIN FROM THE PLUG. DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD. The Cord and connected to AC, or branch grounded The should located the directly the Microwave mounting location as shown NOTES: If about the grounding or instructions, or serviceperson. Neither the to the or from to the or TV Interference Should there interference caused the microwave to or TV, that the microwave the or TV as from the as feasible or and of of the grounding of shock. Ground Cord
About This and and reference. NEVER the without the turntable and the that the The both clockwise and counterclockwise. ALWAYS food the Microwave when to the microwave the below hear the and off. It the of the to to the when cooking or reheating. About microwave cooking food the of the cavity. food thickest towards of Watch cooking the shortest amount of indicated and as Food or foods while or cookbook towels, microwave or and foods to cook evenly. with of thin of meat or to cooking thick cooked thoroughly. foods from to of once or Turn foods once microwaving to cooking of such foods as and Information You To of microwave cook- and the food the amount of that the Generally, covered foods as as ones. The Microwave food only. It should to clothes or newspapers. Microwave rated the IEC Procedure. or food or the and accordingly. items roasts turned least once. Rearrange foods such as meatballs through cooking both from top to and from the of the to the food from and which allows the food to cooking without overcooking. Check indicating that cooking reached. Food steams throughout, of to the Poultry thigh easily. Meat and and easily with
Information You To About foods to that they cooked to the United States of Food 160F fresh ground bone- white poultry, seafood, and food. 165F ready-to-reheat ated, and and carry-out fresh food. 170F White meat of poultry. 180F meat of To meat thermometer thick or from or bone. NEVER the thermometer the food microwave ALWAYS potholders to burns when that with food. Enough heat from the food through to burns. About and the microwave Children below the of should the microwave with near to them. the of and the should the The to reach the comfort- ably; should At should allowed to or the burns directing from the and the farthest of covering and and cooking from the the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food. NEVER the cavity cookbooks or other items. Select, and food to its high and the of clean. Food arcing and/or fires. when items from the that the clothes or the shielding least inch from walls, and Children should potholders, coverings to that food they Dont that child cooking cook everything. Children to learn that the toy. Child
About food Food Don't specially microwave food food to and heat with heating to release and burns. Information You To cooking to of and that while the to to or seconds or bottles heating and thoroughly. feeding. and heating to when cooking or to shells. Reheat whole or shells. or bowls. Heat bottles. Heat bottles with Heat food Heat or cook closed or tight Can the as bacteria destroyed. fry. gourds, or
Information You To About and coverings It to cookware. already the Microwave the the these microwave cooking and reheating: such as Corningware heat-resistant microwave-safe plastics plates microwave-safe pottery, stoneware and recommended preheating Follow These items reheating of foods that or them: DO NOT USE and with non-heat-resistant non-microwave-safe plastics products food Should to microwaving, the the and microwave HIGH seconds. which becomes should used. The following coverings covering foods reheating and while cooking cooking and reheating. that specially cooking and reheating. DO NOT allow to that microwave-safe choice heat the food to cooking or foods that DO NOT to to the Microwave of smoothly the food to shield that defrosting or cooking too quickly. should than inch to of the Should about or cover- microwave cookbook or follow There microwave purchase. purchase that they microwave-safe thermometer and that foods cooked to to the when used.
with see-through light It light when operating or The the securely closed. One to interactive seconds cooking/reheating Light cover Grease of Microwave) (Rear of Microwave)
Words the of the light to what function to the which there and information.
operating and this and completely. the the Microwave used, follow these the the The ENJOY YOUR OVEN PRESS CLEAR AND PRESS CLOCK Touch the STOP/clear appear. clock. below. To the clock to the of (A.M or P.M.). Press Touch timer/clock and clock the of touching the Touch timer/clock clock Procedure This hour clock. If to incorrect clock ERROR appear the the STOP/clear and the clock. If the supply to microwave should interrupted, the the reinstated. If this the The of STOP/clear and the clock the of NOTE the Microwave with the and popcorn. Stop/clear Touch the STOP/clear to: the temporarily the of to the
cooking the Microwave seconds the seconds the they both to cook Press START/ Touch START/ To There increases the cooking which recommended foods such as and cooking of cook- or Touch of High High Defrost Procedure of to Press defrosting Touch to of START/ Touch START/ the tone sound and END appear the the The allows foods to cooked or reheated There Select the that around and the foods. Follow Reheat the reheating and manually. to the cooking/reheating Reposition the foods and them from to least once cooking or reheating reheating uniformity. Common the the when with the the microwave the features, Reheat with the directly the rackuse microwave- cookware. Procedure
If the food that to the Defrost chart or or below the the Amount the Defrost chart to manually. You food, or cooked, Follow the found To defrosting and or previously cooked food the of approximately pound. The that the and from the food as heats. The the cooking and foods and the of the cooking and the of the off with cloth or towel. The with foods would selection with More or More or food than the the chart should cooked following the microwave cookbook. the first of cooking or reheating, food appear the the or STOP/clear this of the The of interrupted. If this appear. To the STOP/clear and cook manually. the the from the food, of cooking appear. when cooking of the to or the that defrosted. If food the of the defrosting the defrosted. from the enough to from the to microwave-safe appears the At this or season food, as If the properly when popcorn, the off, and the of displayed. If the properly when cooking other foods, ERROR displayed, and the off. food If to cook manually. Each food cooking hint. Touch when the HELP lighted the foods cook when covered. the cover recommended the food charts. microwave Cover loosely; allow approximately inch to to allow to should food. completely; to If than least inch to cover. when covering to allow to from
the microwave amounts shown the chart. the microwave. to which to Press Touch once or Light Touch or Reheat chart Food Amount Procedure or slightly than amount to reheated. with or covers such as or with of foods such as stews. reheating, Re-cover and allow to to should If to heat with and With With Procedure reheating such as and or with or reheat the and START/ At and Touch START/ At and allow to covered, to reheating such as Cover with or reheat the and START/ At Touch START/ At and allow to covered, to reheating such as and or with or Touch reheat the and START/ At and dishes. START/ At and allow to covered, to allows to reheat of foods. You to cooking or to reheat Press Touch reheat NO dishes, and then detected from the food, of reheating appear. At follow the the NOTE Reheat and choices. Follow the Interactive to choose option. Procedure reheat START/
the microwave and cooking foods shown the chart below. You to the or of the food. to cook chart Food Amount Procedure with from and wrapped to (flowerets) (whole) Fresh Corn beans with or and covered, foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from and follow covering. covered, to Meat this to cook ground or as or to to other microwave-safe and cover with ground meat and cover with or wrap. or meat to Re-cover and covered, to Press Touch cook cook At follow the the START/ Touch and washed. with Touch cook and the covered, to with Touch cook and the cook- covered, to Procedure
chart Food Amount Procedure and of Cover with or cover and to or seafood around shallow with with wrap. covered, Breast with wrap. turn with of that cooking too Re-cover and covered to should 160F. Water of or or
to with There foods breakfast and that the the information foods the follow the the Interactive to NOTES Meal with More or the once or touching Each food cooking hint. Touch user when the HELP lighted the Should to or than the allowed amount, appear the More or than the the chart should cooked following the microwave cookbook. The cooking to the food food If to cook manually. chart Food Amount Procedure This restoring cool to Touch breakfast and Touch increase and heating. this to items should as or cover with towel. or necessary to the amount to the of muffin. or This Breakfast* Follow to microwaving. Allow to or It to amount or To fresh and and and Then and breakfast breakfast foods. to to cook of Press Touch and If to cook touch START/ Touch follow the Meal Procedure
Meal chart Food Amount Procedure Scrambled each of or and of or or enough the to expand. and together. to or and heard, the cooked to the of the and uncooked to the and covered, that slightly when from the or of wheat, or wheatena. cooking/heating foods that amount of to to heat of soup. chart Food Amount Procedure plate allowing each. It to cover them. or from outer Follow to or cover. when from the as from and Follow of and/or each with or Soup* or with or At cover and to It to amount or Follow the amount of or To to choose microwave cooking of high and and covered, Press Touch and soup. START/ Touch follow the Procedure
cook of the the chart following the the lnteractive and the Card. Follow Card and instructions. to to cook and YELLOW RICE AND CHICKEN with broth and cover. Touch and At and pounds thin Re-cover. Touch At with parsley. Press Touch and and START/ Touch DRESSED-UP MEAT LOAF together pounds ground beaten chopped onion chopped 5-inch Touch and START/ If top of meat with of cooking At from cover with and allow to to Meal Procedure
Meal Combine garlic, minced crushed crushed pound) boneless, 2-inch with Touch and START/ ounces fresh and cover. Touch and At and ounces) creamy or of white pounds fresh or fresh thinly beans) Re-cover. Touch At with: grated HERB ROAST PORK CREAMY SEAFOOD PASTA or other or broth (fresh or reconstituted from of minced seasoning and cover. Touch and At and chopped red, or onion, thinly hearts, and ounces) pitted, and Re-cover. Touch At and top with: freshly VEGETARIAN MEDLEY
the heating and microwave and foods shown the chart. to of Press Touch once. Select food touching Touch touching to START/ chart Food Amount Procedure Procedure DO NOT COVER. touching touching three touching touching three with touching tbsp. touching three touching chips. touching three DO NOT COVER. touching touching touch three touching touching three NOTES To or other food or foods the the Chart, operation. with More or
Other Defrost Defrost the found the Defrost chart below. to pound Press Touch and touching the and Touch The the food the the Turn and shield the Touch the the the Touch covered. Defrost chart Food Amount Procedure Meat each covered, to Steaks/Chops each rearrange and there or shield with of meat or that defrosted. covered, to this to items should as or cover with towel. Procedure START/ START/ START/ NOTES To other food or foods or below the allowed the Defrost chart, and Defrost with More or Touch the once or touching Touch when the HELP tor lighted the helpful hint. If to or than the amount as indicated the chart below, appear the foods when sections to crystals Shielding cooking from occurring the of the food defrosted. smooth of to cover and thinner sections of the food.
Defrost chart Food Amount Procedure Poultry breast of or each there or rearrange or covered, to Poultry with meatiest of or each there or tions, rearrange or covered, to allows to food Direct to of Press Touch the START/ Touch The The and count KEEP WARM the countdown. You with cooking to food continuously Procedure Other With cooking to cook of and the Press cooking Touch the touching the and START/ Touch The the cooking sound and KEEP WARM appear the seconds and count NOTE with Other Features. Procedure
that easy because instructions the interactive CHILD LOCK The Child such as The that the deactivated or locked. To user the and then the Should touched, CHiLD LOCK ON appear the To and STOP/clear AUDIBLE SIGNAL ELIMINATION If to the with user the and STOP/clear To and the the and AUTO START If to to cooking of follow this to cooking to the clock showing the of Press Touch user Touch the Touch timer/clock clock Procedure Press cooking Touch START/ Touch NOTES cooking clock If the to the to appear the that the cooking the chosen to choose foods that the the Acorn or choice. If to the of the timer/clock as touching the timer/clock the of displayed. LANGUAGE SELECTION The English and U.S. Customary Unit-pounds. To and the to the choice selected from the below. Then, Once English ESPANOL Spanish Procedure
cooking to cooking switching from to another automatically. cooking to and then to this automatically. to cook and then to cook Press cooking Touch once cooking Touch START/ Touch NOTES If touched, displayed. If selected as the to the Procedure More or Should that of the Meal or Defrost slightly the once touching choice of or touching The MORE Should that of the Meal or Defrost slightly the touching choice of or touching The LESS allows to cook touching the You cooking of repeatedly touching the to heat of Press START/ NOTES To within closing the touching the STOP/clear or with Other features. cooking hint. If to whenever HELP lighted the Interactive these and other hints. Procedure
to phone Press Touch timer/clock and clock Touch timer/clock The count To the the STOP/clear once. NOTE operates as and when the operating. Procedure Demonstration To timer/clock the and then the and three seconds. DEMO ON appear the operations and features with the and the and count to END To timer/clock the and STOP/clear If the from the outlet and Light clock Press the light high, and three to off. The when heat from or This protects the the Microwave from The the It turned off manually this other high, and three to off.
Disconnect the cleaning or the to inactivate the cleaning. The and plastic. Clean the with and and with cloth. type of household or cleaner. the both with cloth to or to wiped with cloth. the of and other cleaners as they or the Touch the with cloth slightly with only. with cloth. or of cleaners. and STOP/clear Cleaning easy heat to the therefore, there and of or To the with cloth and DO NOT USE ABRASIVE OR HARSH CLEANERS OR SCOURING PADS. or thoroughly with The cleaned with and Occasionally, cooking the To grated and of and whole Allow to cool. with cloth. Cleaning and Grease should cleaned least once month. the or without the slightly the the of the and the the other the or with and DO NOT or other they with the and and with to thoroughly and the back the Grease
Cleaning and Charcoal Charcoal which the Microwave nonvented, The should every to months to the the wave the or the mounting screws and the each of the to the from the the charcoal the back both the and top and the screws Charcoal (white front) Screw Screw Top Light To light first to the the or To release cover, the screw the light cover. light with from Authorized Servicer or or lighting DO NOT USE BULB LARGER THAN WATTS. light cover and with screw CAUTION Light cover become when light Light cover Screw Light
Please the following service: of the and the securely. the HIGH the light YES NO the cooling C the the YES NO If NO the to of the tions, please and/ or If they functioning CONTACT YOUR NEAREST ELECTROLUX SERVICER. microwave should serviced do-it-yourself the of Service NOTE If appearing the counting Demonstration and YES NO
Specifications AC UL CSA phase 120V, AC AC Required: UL CSA watts, "(W) "(H) "(D) Cavity "(W) "(H) 15"(D) Capacity: The International This with by: FCC Commission Authorized. DHHS with of Health and Services (DHHS) CFR, Chapter I, J. This the the Inc. USA or
the microwave warranty The Microwave protected this warranty FULL ONE YEAR One from WARRANTY chase UNLIMITED WARRANTY (Applicable to the State of the U.S.A. warranted Products North America, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products North America servicer. warranted *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. NOTE: allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products North America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily IF YOU NEED SERVICE of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained contacting Products: USA Products North America P.O. GA Warranty Through authorized servicers, The or of this which to of workmanship. of the of the warranties and the below apply. This warranty to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded supply of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when it shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). Products North America boul. J5W 1T6 Warranty Information Costs of service that NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER.* Costs of the technicians to the and and of the of service. This warranty only the of the U.S.A., and Product features or tions as or to without Products North America, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. warranted