air-o-speed
air-o-speed: the the
air-o-speed from the and to air-o-speed with three cooking options: and the type of food the fresh or thoroughness of cooking and air-o-speed the The air-o-speed high cooks to than This with air-o-speed. High quality: to of seafood or cooked to perfection. and match without the from fresh or without Rethermalize the food with and air-o-speed
air-o-speed high-speed performances everywhere customers. air-o-speed the to locations. to withstand the rigorous wherever they Catering/Banqueting: retherm and when combining air-o-speed with ready to products without wasting Beat the cooking half. Service/Quick the highest food the shortest amount of air-o-speed
air-o-speed Notice the from Seafood/Pasta (Fresh) air-o-speed Steamed (Fresh) air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed Seafood air-o-speed
Meats Products (Fresh) air-o-speed (Fresh) air-o-speed Whole air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed Not-Applicable air-o-speed air-o-speed Whole (Fresh) air-o-speed (Fresh) air-o-speed
air-o-speed the of Its and professional microwave the footprint. CONVECTION Heat Convection 30C to 300C STEAM heat seafood, and 30C to 100C High 100C to 110C Steam 25C to 100C COMBI and and 30C to 250C Multi-wave, breakthrough to with or cooking allows to cook to or food with the highest the amount of Three to of microwave the air-o-speed cooking cavity. These waves and then, launched plate the the food of microwaves, these allow the food to cooked of the food the and to perfection whether cook or MULTI-WAVE microwave Combine with and from or fresh cooking
Three Three cooking and the air-o-speed the type of food the fresh or and thoroughness of cooking and air-o-speed the Easily Press and air-o-speed follows instructions. the cooking the to specified or cook to internal with the
air-o-speed Preheating phase C C C C C to cooling-down phase Finishing-off phase and Searing phase COOKING CHAMBER TEMP CORE TEMP to cooking atmosphere. to high Integrated self-cleaning cleaning of air-o-speed LTC Integrated cooking to highest cooking of meat.
Optional The air-o-speed with the air-o-speed GN air-o-speed GN Castors GN air-o-speed GN/1 Trolley GN GN pitch only) air-o-speed Thermal GN plates pitch plates pitch GN AISI GN Non-stick GN Non-stick GN Non-stick GN GN Frying GN Frying Water treatment Water Connectivity HACCP necessary installations air-o-speed
www.electrolux.com/foodservice of thinking www.electrolux.com The the right to specifications without 9JERAU