COMPETENCE Instructions
Dear using please these operating tions through They to of the technical of The instructions information installation and Please the operating instructions reference. them to of the The warning and/or the (Warning!, to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and using the and information about the and of the with the clover. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the "What to section.
CONTENTS OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The of Appliance of the Appliance first Initial Cleaning the clock Switching the On and The and the clock the to the the the cooking finished the cooking (switch-off function) the (switch-off function) switch-on and switch-off the Meat function Meat function with and Roasting Roasting with the Meat Defrosting Preserving CONTENTS
CONTENTS Cleaning and The of the Appliance Light Combination What to SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS CUSTOMER SERVICE Warrenty Conditions INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the instructions INSTALLATION with Unit INDEX
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions This to Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The features of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons the with or high cleaner. the meat The the the meat from the of least the meat and the or top heat. roasting and the become Therefore, children from the Repairs to the only to service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of malfunction, from the supply. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS This cooking only. It or the to food. the to heat the To to Appliance with and the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to clean and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the the The the or top heat and the meat least the meat the
of the the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< the which of CFCs. of correctly of Warning! Please to the off the and catches. Notes The of the household You information about or from refuse or OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The of Appliance The and each selected the To release the and release Press the to the Clock with of and displayed. Switching On and the clock, the switched with and switched off the of the The cooking amounts of food to its of Heat Protective The with heat reflective Thermax The front of the when the operation. It with insulation, lighting both and switch that off the and heating when the
of the Appliance With of the of meat switching and off. when the function switched Function selecting the Light as as the and extinguishes when the reached. Selection selecting the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Shelf There both of the with Please that the tions counted from bot- to top The The following supplied: and Shelf cake tins, items roasting and Universal with of roasts or as or collecting the with the You Meat cooking You
Functions The of cooking that Ventitherm Ventitherm to roasting and cooking shelves once, and defrosting to C than top/bottom heat. The heater the of the and the that the the continuously. The food heated from Defrost the Ventitherm function without or as the This the wing or defrosting of or other foods. heat and roasting shelf. Heat from and below. Heat heat of cakes. Top Heat Top heat The function to or toasting of foods. The heat the heater the of the using the function to or toasting of foods such or toast, and and The heat the heater the of the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Rotitherm Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or shelf. This function to browning The heater and function The function and This function the function pre-heat the the
first Initial Cleaning the the first should thor- oughly. You switch the lighting to cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth only. the of fronts, cleaners that protective or cleaners! The the clock The function the clock The clock the and whenever disconnected to the If the clock to flashing the and to the right around seconds, the and the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the Switching the On and To the and Selection" to release them. The then the the function. the Selection" the The light as as the the reached, this light To switch off the the and the Selection to the off the them.
the function the pre-heated atively the food to roasted or cooked the when and the to the function. the to function the Selection" to the The light as the light the to the function. You the food to cooked the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The to the meat function. as the the other You to the cooking the and the the meat functions or selection. each Meat showing that the switched Meat each button/function) Selector buttons: (with meat Meat function or the
and the clock and the the flashes. as or the to flashing. The then accepted, and the the of the hour and the every second. the You the its own, without effecting the Press The flash. The or to the and seconds. the with or the flashing. You the the the sounds. acoustic heard when the Press to the The the clock OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS to the Selecting the operation: Press the the operation to The the to and appear the the operation: the shown, Starting the operation: If another seconds, the and the the You reduce the the selected confirms the input and the operation. another confirms the input and selects the operation chosen. the (switching functions only): to the and to the If wish, the and the the If to the operation the and to the the
the cooking finished the switch off and appear the sound. Both of the to the flashing. Press to the The the clock The when the meat Turn the and function to the (switch-off function) The switches off when the Press the and appear the or to the cooking hours and seconds the and the The the Both the and function. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS the (switch-off function) this function the to switch off Press the and the shows the clock. to the switch- off the and the continuously. The the Both alternately. the and
switch-on and switch-off If the both cooking and The specified, this from both It to the hear and the the If to the cooking this first the It and to ready The to cooked the cooking from to Then the fin- from to Once the accepted, appear the and the switch and off This to the switch-on and switch-off: Press the and appear the or to the cooking hours and Press to the input and the The the to switch immediately). OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS to the the continuously. The the switches the and The switch the specified and both lights to the alternately. The switch-off shown the the Meat function This function when the meat The the right shows the the and C appear the Both of the to the flashing. If to the the flashes. the the recommended of C with or to the the and the the continuously.
the and function. While roasting the the right shows the the the reaches the the switch off and appear the sound. Both of the to the flashing. Press to the Both lights to the as as the meat Turn the and the function to the meat from the The the of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Meat function with This allows to the of cooking when the meat cooking to This function only when the The right shows the the and C appear the Both If to the the flashes. the recommended of C with or to the the and the ously. Press to the input and the The shows the of or to the seconds the and the The
the switches The the right shows the the the and function. The switches the the of the cooking Both the reaches the the switch off and appear the warning sound. Both flash- Press to the Both lights to the as as the Turn the and the function to the meat from the The the of OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and the Ventitherm or function. of and coated heat Light Ventitherm Shelf The counted from to top. with heat should shelf shelf Ventitherm sheets once. sheets: Shelf and
Notes Please that the counted from to top and that the sheets with the to the front. the to the cakes the of the shelf. and heat With Ventitherm or three this the the shelf. The then increased to with Ventitherm pre-heating shelves once Shelf One from the sheets and from the (cakes tins), the cooking increased to the individually when sufficiently with Ventitherm C the of with amount of should with heat Pre-heat shelf. Pre-heat using function once the reached, switch back to heat of and with heat shelf. cakes pre-heat with sheet or pre-heat OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Notes the the information cooking and shelf selection of dishes. often the and cooking these the and used. sheets or tins, the cook- and cakes, should shelf. using the first the and only necessary, increased or the cooking too selecting higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves the Dough: yeast,
C. with the function yeast, dough of the Allow the to Then the dough and to further the dough and the or the dough to or bases, and the as required. The should that the dough become Pre-heat the the function C. the or the the pre-heating and the round the the C to the the dough as and flour-covered board. the to the that become The completed the board than necessary, otherwise to the dough. the the and the Pre-heat the and the using function C. the from the the the using the function C to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS with Ventitherm and Heat The information shows the function to each of or Ring-Shaped Shortcrust Apple and Plaited Roll/Ring Christmas pre-heat Bread: pre-heat C Puffs/Eclairs pre-heat Shelf from Ventitherm C Shelf from Heat C both Functions
of or (dough/sponge base) (shortcrust with pre-heat Shortcrust Meringues with Yeast Dough with Pastry, pre-heat pre-heat Shelf from Ventitherm C Shelf from OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Heat C both Functions
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS with Function and function Apple and Bread: pre-heat: yeast dough/ base) shortcrust with (with pre-heat (thin) pre-heat pre-heat pre-heat Shelf from C
This to cooked through The cake properly cooked through, The cake too light Next cake or the cake lower. with cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when using Next and increase the cooking OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS and Gratins Table The information shows the function to each Ventitherm Rotitherm Gratin Browned Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf from pre-heat C Chips Rotitherm Ventitherm Ventitherm Shelf from C Shelf from Function function C C with the instructions with the instructions with the instructions with the instructions
Roasting roasting, the Ventitherm heat or Rotitherm function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-resis- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting of meat with or This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to used. OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking roasting meat and the from of the heat function meat, and other of the Rotitherm function the Ventitherm function Turn the of the cooking when the Ventitherm function The cooking the type and of the meat. The cooking the type of meat and its To the height of the of meat, should slightly as its own the of with of it necessary to cantly the cooking If of meat or of whole the the cooking increases cooking cook- to If cooking then the with the Ventitherm function the meat You with the thermometer. You information
Roasting Roasting with Heat and Ventitherm The information shows the function to each of Meat Quantity Heat Ventitherm or cooked through of Chop, Meat Loaf of (pre-cooked) of of of Shelf from height C OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Shelf from C height
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS of Meat Quantity Heat Ventitherm of of Poultry Poultry (steaming) Whole Shelf from C Shelf from C
Roasting with Rotitherm The information shows the function to each of Meat Rotitherm or cooked through of Chop, Meat Loaf of (pre-cooked) of of of of of Poultry Poultry Shelf from height OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS C height
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS of Meat Quantity Rotitherm (steaming) Whole Shelf from C
Roasting with the Meat Notes the of the Meat The meat the the meat cooked. the meat used, the switched off when the reached, of the weight of the meat The of the meat ticularly recommended the cooking of roasts of which the The of the meat the of the meat from the the thermometer, please the following: the the to the The or the of the There should or the The meat should bones the of try, as as the meat the the The meat function activated. The Meat the the the switch, function. the Selection" switch, the the the the Core OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Table Meat Food to Core C of cooked through of Chop, Chop without Meat Loaf of with of Meat cooked through Poultry
the function the tion. the selection switch each to pre-heat the the function the and Shelf the from the roasting the the Notes the Table The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn meat and of as the information the Warning! with the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Table Food Shelf Chop/ of of of of Trout Toasting Toast with from
Defrosting defrosting the Ventitherm function to C. Defrosting food plate and the the shelf. or covering. plates or otherwise the defrosting increase considerably. Shelf the the shelf from the Notes the Defrosting Table The the as only, as the of defrosting the the the the the defrosting Defrosting Table Defrosting the Defrost uncovered and turn half- through, or covered with Meat, Defrost uncovered and half- through, or covered with Meat, Defrost and half- through, or covered with Trout, Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Cream, Defrost whip partially Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Further Defrosting OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Preserving the function. Preserving with and with screw or tops as Shelf the from the Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the to that there the the the such that they each other. The should with the amount and closed. Preserving function and to C. and as to the the first normally front right, switch off the With to the to the closed further the of and Meat as to the the first the to C. the food to to to cook C Then switch off the and the to the closed further
Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. You cleaners. These protective starch and egg-white from as as these the of Lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning the clean each with and with Then the with cloth. with cleaner. Warning! reasons the with or higher cleaner. please that follow the instructions! each (shelf, and To the to clean, them to OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The the and right of the cleaning the walls. and the screwdriver, the screws. to the front. To both the screws.
Light Warning! There of shock! the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover. To this, such as screw- the cover. light W, V, heat- to C). the cover. the cloth from the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Combination To the cleaning of the the (top heat and Warning! the when the switched off and the cold. the Combination the rotating fas- the tion the force to the The off force used. the Combination the back and the
You the from cleaning. the the pletely. the the hinges. of the the with both and slowly. At around the release from their The To scratches, the with the the (as the the of the the with both and the from the the the slowly. from the the the hinges. the OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS What to the heat whether the switched the house If of these malfunctions, or Service Force the switched off? Switch the off and or Service Force the Clean the and with and and cloth. the lighting to the light the Cleaning and the meat defective? to meat If this information with the assis- please or service. Warning! Repairs to the to fied service Repairs improperly or serious malfunction. If please AEG Service Force If to or to caused incorrect or charge the
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Customer Services the of Ireland please the below: AEG (Irl) of Ireland the Service they the following information: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS
CUSTOMER SERVICE CUSTOMER SERVICE Customer concerrning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded
Warrenty Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warrenty Conditions
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Regulations, Directives This the following EN VDE and EN VDE of the of household and DIN of the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE of (EMC) This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Capacity
Instructions the and the electricity boards connecting, and the light the from the electricity supply. instructions protection the of installation. The protective enough that, the subjected to the conductors of the If to the the of that the of the with the other there of least the of the and the other front. with heating testing the to Class Y. The the to to 100C. This to and The fronts of the surrounding to least 70C. The to with the The therefore located the It to the This If the attached to the fixing INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Warning! This earthed! UK and of Ireland only): that the the rating with house electricity supply, which AC of the trained The regulations and the nection of the electricity with. Warning! Should the with fitted, then this off from the of the the house as this shock UK and of Ireland only: nection to A!). to rating V: V: V, Other the rating V: V: V,
INSTALLATION with Unit plates to both of the of the the plates from the of the with the facing the and the the plate that the front the plate to the the screws supplied. INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS the to both the the Warning! UK and of Ireland: to It that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth
Removing the the of the the the from the supply. INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
INDEX INDEX and Gratins Table Ready Table Shelf Table with Heat C Combination Defrosting Meat Initial Cleaning Switching On and Function Light function stoneware Preserving Roasting Roasting Shelf Roasting Meat with the Meat Rotitherm Service and Shelf Shelf Switching the Selection Top Heat Universal Ventitherm What to
Notes Notes
AEG AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG COMPETENCE