COMPETENCE Built-In Instructions
Customer, Please these operating instructions through please of the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to of the The warning and/or Warning! to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with cloverleaf. to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions of the Appliance Functions the first the Cleaning the first the Inserting/Removing the the Shelf and Attaching/removing the Switching the On and the Function Switching Switching On and Checking Information the Function Countdown the Tone and Roasting Meat, roasting,
Table Defrosting Defrosting Preserving Preserving Cleaning and The of the Appliance Light Catalytic Assembly What to Service and Parts Customer Service Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The assembled and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The features of AEG with technical and the Appliance obligation as to of the following information. using other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons the with or high cleaner. If force used, the of the front of the roasting and the become Therefore children from the Overheated and catch fire Please to the when food or chips). Repairs to the service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of the malfunctioning: the or switch off the Instructions
Instructions This other than that the roasting and of food the the to food. the to heat the this with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to clean and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the
Eco-Insulation the factory the with This insulation tested and sed as of the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer wrapping and the >PS< as the free of CFCs. The from of correctly of Warning! of off the catches to child- Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance Function Selector and Function selecting the function. The function selected indicated the function Selector and selecting the The selected indicated the Clock Functions and the clock The or the the countdown displayed. The as as the switched Light The light while the heating and extinguishes when the selected reached. It then and off cooking to that the
Shelf There both of the each of these shelf Please that the counted from top to with to them pulled the the the rear. The with protects the the of the from the when uncovered food or or Rotitherm. The switches as as the ration. The to the switched off to cool the switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions The with the following cake tins, roasts and items Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food
Functions The following functions the cooking to the C than heat. heater and of the used. the of the that the the continuously. The food heated from to and roasting Heat from and below. Rotitherm Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or This function gratin and The and the function pre-heat the the other cooking Several the function. this function This function that and base, cheesecakes, C than heat. heat and the switched The to the or toasting of foods or toast. this function the of the ched to the Instructions
Instructions The or toasting amounts of food. The or toasts. Defrosting The defrosting function allows to to or to It foods, With this function, the without heat.
the first the The the supply connected. You then first the If the the switched the Press the the within seconds the or tons. The appears the The ready pressing the or than seconds, the to or backwards the released this reach the If the isolated from the to the this the as the If to the the from to winter the the Instructions
Instructions Cleaning the first the the first should thoroug- You switch the light to cleaning Turn the function to lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth. fronts that the protective or cleaners! The
the the the when roasting without covering roasting dishes. the of the the and the the the rear of the from the top the of the the and upwards. the Shelf and the right and This and wards. Shelf the shelf such that the upwards. The and the rear of the the Shelf and the and together, the the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/removing the The easy of the and of the the the from the the slightly then There of burns! that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
Switching the On and To the Function and Selector to release them. The then the function turning the Function Selector. The the the function selected. the turning the Selector. The the selected. The as as the tion. The light whilst the heating the reached, the light guishes. It then and off to that the maintained. To switch the off, the Function Selector and the Selector to the off the them. Instructions
Instructions the function, the preheated quickly. Please food cooking the when and the operating the cooking function. the Function" to the the to the The light as the light the Function to the function. You food cooking the
the Function There of the function: Switch the switched and to to switch off the right the clock to the or the of the cooking The then switches off automatically. Switching On and the morning or to the the and the of the cooking The then switches the and switches off the of The cooking COOK TIME The should ready END TIME The function selected or the function. Switching Select the function. Select the Press the COOK TIME the cooking within seconds the and buttons. The AUTO and that the as the cooking the switches off matically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the the function and selectors to the off Instructions
Instructions Switching On and switching and off both the and the of the cooking Select the function. Select the Press the COOK TIME and, using the and buttons, within seconds the cooking Press the END TIME and the and buttons, within seconds the when the to ready. Once the the shown the The AUTO and that the The switches the the cooking the switches off automatically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the turn the function and selectors to the off Checking Press the COOK TIME or "END TIME" The or the of the cooking tively. You the or the of the cooking the COOK TIME the or using the "END TIME" the of the cooking Within seconds the or the cooking or the of the cooking to the
the COOK TIME the cooking Within seconds to using the Turn the function and the to the off Information the Function The COOK TIME that hours. Instructions
Instructions Countdown The countdown operates and therefore when the switched as as switched off. the Countdown Press the CLOCK C the within seconds the and buttons. the the count- expired, acoustic sounds Press the CLOCK C to switch off the the the Countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. the within seconds using the or buttons. Switching the Countdown Early the CLOCK C the the countdown. Within seconds the to the Checking the Countdown seconds the countdown the the You the amount of the countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. The the countdown displayed. the Tone The of the tone to tones. Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the
and the cooking or function when of and coated tional Light and cooking Shelf or should You to using cooking Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the counted from top to cake the of the shelf. You or this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. preheat the when using the tion. Notes the Tables the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the
Bread, cake cake Sandcakes/ cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top Instructions hours: C
Instructions Bread, Wholemeal White Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. of or cake Short Choux Pre-Heat Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top cooking Shelf from Top C C hours:
This to cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions Apple cake Bread and Apple Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. Shelf from top C Shelf from top C Shelf from top C
Roasting the cooking rotitherm or function. the when roasting! Roasting Dishes heat-resistant If the that the heat-resi- roasts roasted directly the sheet or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to Instructions
Instructions Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and shelf of meat. The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the function and other of poultry) the rotitherm function, roasting without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. The cooking the type and of the meat. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Meat, Meat Rotitherm of Shelf tion from Top C or Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C C
Meat Rotitherm or or Yorkshire or Pre-Heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher red. Shelf tion from Top C Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C Instructions C
Instructions Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or Pheasant, Partridge/ Shelf tion from top or or5 or or or or or or4 or or or Shelf tion from top C C Rotitherm Shelf tion from top C or5
Poultry, steamed) Whole or Pre-Heat food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Quantity Shelf tion from top or or or or Shelf tion from top C C Instructions Rotitherm Shelf tion from top C
Instructions the or function with of C pre-heat the using the function. It to the amounts the and the together amounts the shelf and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Table Chops: Whole trout/hering as required) Shelf Food from top Instructions each
Instructions Defrosting To food, the defrosting function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the plate the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf defrosting, the the from the top Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal defrosting the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Preserving the cooking function Preserving with and with screw or tops as Shelf the from the top Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the sheet to that there the the such that they each other. The should the amount and closed. Preserving and Select the cooking function and the to C as to the of the the of switch off the the to the closed further the of and Meat Select the cooking function and the to 160C as to the first the to C. to cook C Then switch off the and the to the closed further Instructions
Instructions Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. the of fronts, cleaners. These protective Lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning the each with and with Then the with cloth. with cleaner. Warning: the with or high reasons. please that follow the instructions. each (shelf, and to them to clean. Clean the and or washer. the of burnt with of dishwasher
The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. and the the coin). the of the forwards and the top. To the the top and the of the the Instructions
Instructions Light Warning the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover and clean. with V, C heat the cover. the cloth from the
Catalytic The Catalytic cleaning and splashes of food and while the To this and to performance of the the without food, once Empty the including the the C. Switch off the hour. Attention: cleaning of the recommended! or of used. of the This the and as optional Please to the chapter Assembly The of the catalysis sheets to scratches! The heater force. There Instructions
Instructions
The cleaning. the the completely. the coloured both the around of the overcoming the of the of the with both the upwards heavy!) and from the the with the outer to scratches. the of the of the with both from the the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then Turn the both back their that the coloured upwards. the Instructions
Instructions The with of these the other. The cleaning. Warning: Please the following the when it from the the fitted, the reduction the of the when the to the closing and creating the the and with the of the of the and the the of the the the the and the the of from the section the the of the the force of the front of the section the of the and the section The of securely! the
What to the heat whether the switched the the necessary the If the please the lighting ceases to function? the light Cleaning and If to these or to operating the service free, the warranty If this information with the please Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force Instructions
Service and SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering customers should the section headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating the of the the
CUSTOMER SERVICE or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SLI IDZ Customer Service
Conditions GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This such as light glassware, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
The following from shelf BAZ2 with E. KTU-LS, E. white white shelf BAZ3 with E.
Instructions INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height Height 51L 230V 240V Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of the operating of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of the protection (EMC). This with the following EU 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions the of fire protection, this to type (IEC of this type to high or protection the installation. The which the the of DIN of This to the British This heavy. when both and the using the to the Instructions
Instructions Assembly
information Instructions
Instructions
Preparation, Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
The to connected to 230-240V electricity The easily which as follows. or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the specifications below.. PVC/PVC 20A and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that it reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply earthed. The should these type Instructions
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC