AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: Copyright AEG ADVANCED ENGINEERING FROM GERMANY GRILL STOP START/QUICK PROGRAMME Microwave Instructions MICROMAT_DUO E/U
customer, Thank AEG and the AEG AEG the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the features that the offers. It trouble-free and service information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning, to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The clover and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to Printed AEG action
information of and Instructions free and operation Microwaves operating instructions What to and Table top Connecting to the Product The Appliance function the Cleaning the clock At operating instructions
of Microwave Notes microwave Combined microwave and with charts and Defrosting microwaving procedures Roasting and Combined Microwave and Cleaning and What to Service and Customer Service
information of and AEG microwave effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the
instructions The should operated with the and turntable microwave should used. To the from the cavity or the these each the when or cooking food of plastic, or other If the closed, the supply and AEG Service Force the microwave functioning properly. This with instructions. to the of the repairs should AEG Service Force Repairs the user the of or breakdown, please therefore AEG or the AEG Service Force Should the and/or the should operated repaired the AEG Service Force exactly the of this operation. WARNING: This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the and anything the and the the and their clean. items the microwave. They when the switched Switch the only when the food the cooking as there food
Microwaves heating please the to the without the typical the gently, the then or with the of the Food with or such as and the should with that and the food that of 70C the cooking/heating of food. mercury or thermometer the of the food. food or bottles should heated without or top, and or heating, to of the heat. the feeding child. The food microwave heat the this reason dishes. cook food too or too high of the food or or crockery, or earthenware the or bases) as these of from the food as This to which shatter the the following to or their shells, as they poached as as the to heat of cooking or and containing high of there of combustion! to heat bottles, to or
The (and and children from the To the when the the right-hand of the The cooking the heating the shelf racks, the and the anti-splash become You should therefore touching to burned!
operating instructions of Combination wave and (without Oven-to-tableware) Non and crockery and of fire/frost Arcoflam) earthenware Plastic, heat-resistant to 200C Cling Microwave or Roasting or include containing please the stated the the shelf together with
What to Food and The these reasons the and amount of to heat or cook Microwaves the food heat of this, of the food heated the heating of food, to or them to the cooking charts. This the should the food to without or the This of heat throughout the food. the quantity/weight nearly the Please to the cooking charts. To the the cooking Then the as necessary.
and The should least To the of the microwave the front foot Turn to or the that nothing the and that freely around the Table top around the to To the the mounting the instructions and building to high the the information and the operation instructions of the the microwave with the closed. would and the This with the following EC Directives EMC Directive 89/336/EEC, Directive 73/23/EEC with 90/683/EEC and the CE Directive 93/68/EEC. Either
and Connecting from the the The enough to bear the of the and the To the of causing or the the microwave from of and heat, and boilers. This should to or as this to the malfunctioning the top and the of the and the top of the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the the as from and as This to EEC of interference interference too to or TV, them as as This conforms to the of EEC Interference Directive 87/308/EEC. Connecting to the The with the and V, earthed Earth protection the should to the of the matches the supply. N.B. If the connected to the cord, the earthed. WARNING! This earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. This earthed. If this with which the should off and the fitted. If to the the If the cover or the obtained.
WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following If the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE
Product The C and catch Turntable C C PROGRAMME GRILL STOP START/QUICK
The PROGRAMME STOP GRILL START/QUICK of cooking function function to the of and the selected microwave C with light to microwave Rotary to the cooking or the C when using PROGRAMME defrosting and CLEAR STOP to GRILL to with light START START/QUICK to the selected function and to switch Quick-START. switching the off with light.
Product function The and cleaning. Allow the to cool BEFORE cleaning the The turntable and should as shown the to the properly The clockwise or counterclockwise operation. to the manually, as the of meat and or toasting the Cleaning the front of the with cloth. cleaning (these the fronts cleaning that protective fingerprints. first the the (including the and from the cooking the and the cooking with cloth.
the clock the the The to AEG and then The the Press the function beneath the (top The the While the function pressed, Release the the of with the as as the of displayed. The the slowly. The ready 1)The clockwise (to increase) or counterclockwise (to The of corrected the function and turning the
At operating instructions Action Press release food the cooking the Select to the instructions the following If switch off the Press the START-button START/QUICK of cooking If the within the of reappears the If the cooking the the shows The The when properly If the properly, the function. The which Turn the clockwise to increase or counterclockwise to the switched off, the lights The turntable should turned off when using that than the and of The The shows the selected cooking counting backwards seconds. (The light shows which function selected.) The of the cooking indicated The and the light switch off. The once shows the of
Action the the release the and the START START/QUICK Press the CLEAR STOP the selected cooking the otary clockwise or counterclockwise. the selected microwave the Press function of the the GRILL If the selection reaches the the cooking and sounds three The and the lighting switch off. cooking process, the cooking increased to of The and lighting switch off. the the the flash. The selected remain.The counts automatically. The The and the lighting switch off. of displayed. The cooking the when turning the The seconds. The cooking with the The selected seconds each, microwave The selected displayed. The to chapter Combination of microwave and
of operation The the following Microwave only this microwaves heat directly the food. This highly ready cooked food and the defrosting of meat or and cooking food and Heat the of the This toasting and and Combination The together with Dishes cooked quickly, whilst and the
Microwave to seconds microwave the microwave the The lights The of from the and the microwave appears: turn to the to the right= higher the cooking turning the Rotary The chosen appears the Press the START START/QUICK The selected to count as follows from to items least from the cavity and the from to from to from to from
of Notes The following shows the and what they microwave operation Heating Watt to cooking roasting,stewing, cooking cooking based cooking Watt cooking of Watt heating food defrosting and cooking cooking defrosting and heating of heating ready heating of defrosting and defrosting cakes with or icing to dough dishes,
defrosting and cooking selected the the of the the of the automatically. The following of which food and/or cooked with which Food and with Cover and thin with Unpack food the top of to catch the from defrosting. and follow recommended defrosting through Turn or and, Food covered, heat-resistant whenever through If cooking of once or Please the following fresh (I+II): Poultry fresh Meat cakes and C1 II C2 C3 Poultry (whole or (whole or sprouts, sprouts, from to from to
of Combination cooking and Food If with from please heat-resistant directly the cover. directly the shelf. The cooked heat-resistant directly the cover. the of the instance with and The cook C). The as follows: from to from to covered manually microwave and to cook (fresh) CG1 (fresh) CG2 Gratin CG3 from to If cooking through to to turn. If cooking the the shelf
to defrosting Press the PROGRAMME the appears the the Rotary to the Press the START START/QUICK The shows the If to the to the Clear-button STOP and through the three heard. or the food item this The switch off.
of operation to The START/QUICK microwave from seconds to and seconds, second-intervals. Each the -START START/QUICK the increased seconds. heating of Press the START-button, START/QUICK three The appears the and the The microwave You increase the second-intervals while the to of and seconds the START START/QUICK You and seconds. to with GP2 Turn the reaching The of the the Rotary Press the the function. The light The highest GP3 appears the Each the reached. Press the START-button START/QUICK The to count
the the appears the GP3, GP2, GP1 If the the clock or the appear and the light off. If the while reduce to GP1 The the the off and the three The clock appears the If to increase the the Clear and Combined Microwave and How to with microwave and GP2 the the The light and the of The microwave appears the the the Rotary Press the the function. The GP2 appears the The light Press the START/QUICK The to count If the while reduce to GP1 The the button, the off and the light off. The functions microwave only. If to increase the to the
of with The with as to the to the that cooking the The without switching the as as other selected. to 1.Select microwave using the the to the the with the Rotary The of from the and the of appears. Press the START START/QUICK The to count sound when the finished counting
charts and Defrosting ish Duration Meat Whole meat Turn once. with of defrosting Turn once. chopped through the defrosting of meat that already defrosted. Goulash Poultry Turn once. and with through defrosting Whole Turn once. with Shrimps/crab thoroughly. and from to Turn once. from to Defrost covered once. Cherries
charts and Defrosting Duration towel, once. Wholemeal, Defrost covered cakes towel, cover. with cakes. cake cakes. covered cakes. and with cake waves, then of food Break from to To Heating of food and food Heat without ready Heat covered meat should heated covered
Duration Heat covered once. or Heat clear uncovered, cover thick or food coffee or when the Heat it enough to coffee the (reheat) Defrosting and heating of foods meat and Heat with covered meat meat with with
Charts and Duration with facing outwards. and or and or or or covered Duration covered. Turn half- through cooking Whole Cover Turn through cooking The stated only, and the and type of food cooked.
switching off food to allow heat or containing the food. least from the cooking and arcing to the food when when the high Whenever cook food covered. with should cooked uncovered. or food cooking containing should from to firm such as and with such as and without Increase cooking approximately Whenever Defrosting of meat, and meat inverted or or that the meat through the food, where and the that defrosted. Defrosting of of cake and the to This or and/or defrosting Defrosting of and and that to should the to defrosting the microwave and that to cooked immediately cooked straight from higher Ready Ready or with should heated or microwave they explicitly as microwave Please follow the operating instructions the the and the
Charts and microwaving You cant of food. The food too The food defrosted, heated through or cooked of The food the and the of type of food. or the cooking accordingly: cooking or reduce the microwave Select or higher that food Next such as soup,
(Microwave The and of established testing dishes. DIN Defrost and cook through cooking that outwards. Toast GP3 Pre-heat GP3 Turn the first when brown. Turn the first when GP2 IEC A) B) Meat C) Defrost minced Watt directly meat Turn through. Defrost directly turntable otherwise instructed. The to switched the
charts and Notes GP3 with Season GP3 with and Meat GP3 chopped meat GP3 with Season each GP3 with and thick) Toast GP3 Turn to Toast GP3 Turn foods Toasted through cooking to catch pre-heat the Turn the through cooking and the The and only, as they the type and of the meat. of meat and otherwise stated, the the foods should turned once. rounder should turned head to the shelf.
Combined microwave and Microwave GP3 Approx GP3 shallow GP1 fresh Approx GP3 GP3 Onion GP3 turntable to catch The of only, as they the and of the item cooked, as as the consistency the roasting and The too You the the of the and both microwave and Next choose and/or Choose the something which to the item to cook and lengthen or the cooking accordingly.
charts and Cleaning and The Appliance the front of the cloth and cleaning or cleaning The as scouring or rough to the interior. The heating the cleaning. Allow the to cool BEFORE cleaning the The with or while the the cavity cools and off the the Stained and You the cooking of with Through operation, and This and noticeable when the and the of the high. operation, and off the with cloth. Turntable and Turntable The and turntable should cleaning straight each Clean the turntable or the dishwasher. Clean the with of the immediately easily cleaned with
What to the properly that the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turning Check that the turntable correctly to the the the food the of the from there nothing the beneath the appears the The microwave too from previous cool the microwave switch off the from the AEG Service Force the light AEG Service Force The light trained AEG technicians. the food to heat through and cook than nearly or the food than or from to or higher
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should the section headed What to and as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating plate the of the the
Customer Service or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or glassware. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG The or free includes both and the of the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: Copyright AEG ADVANCED ENGINEERING FROM GERMANY GRILL STOP START/QUICK PROGRAMME Microwave Instructions MICROMAT_DUO E/U