COMPETENCE B4100-1 The Instructions
Dear Please these operating instructions to the section Instructions the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance Accessories the First the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the with the Clock Switching the and Roasting Meat, roasting, Defrosting Defrosting Preserving
Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Index Service and
Instructions The the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance Instructions
Instructions of the of the coated alytic coating). Relates only to with front: Steam from the the and the The switches as as the switched Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically.
Accessories Combination dishes, cake items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food. Instructions
Instructions the First the The when the The function the connected to the or following or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning You should clean the it the first cleaners! The To the of the cloth with to which or specifically this To the or the of the Household and bleaches or Chemical or Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and the with and then the front of the with cloth. Instructions
Instructions the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating and that and base. These include such foods as and C than when the tional function. and the switched cooking to three the C than when the tional function. The heating and the switched and roasting The heating heat and cakes with The heating Defrost To to and to such items as bread, or other foods this function the operates without heating. Instructions
Instructions foods the of the shelf such as or or toasting The heating of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function cooking foods and The heating and alternately.
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the shelf and together, the the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and then hear it Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
Working with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Instructions
Instructions information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated button. The function and selected or the clock functions cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic Instructions
Instructions Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. buttons or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton. Instructions
Instructions and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this
TIME The neither of the (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions and the cooking or function of and coated tional Light and cooking Shelf using or should You to using cooking Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. cakes cake the of the shelf. You or this the the shelf. The cooking then increased only slightly. preheat the when the tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. cakes or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the Instructions
Instructions Bread, cake Sandcakes/ cake cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Choux cakes Meringues Shelf from Shelf from C C
Bread, Wholemeal White re-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only Shelf from Shelf from C Instructions C Hours:
Instructions of or cake sheets Short Choux cakes Pre-heat the to with, then the higher only cooking Shelf from C
This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions Apple cake and Apple Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C Shelf from C Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the cooking rotitherm or function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the Shelf Please the following the to Instructions
Instructions Notes the roasting Information the cooking and shelf of meat. The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the function and other of meat the rotitherm function, roasting meat without other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. The cooking the type and of the To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Meat, roasting, Meat Rotitherm of or or Yorkshire Shelf tion from C or Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Instructions C
Instructions Meat Rotitherm or 1)Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C C
Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or tity Shelf tion from bot- or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Instructions Rotitherm Shelf tion from bot- C or
Instructions Poultry, Pheasant, Partridge/ steamed) Whole or 1)Pre-heat food and as chart. The the function and to each the to with, then the higher required. tity Shelf tion from bot- or or or2 or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Rotitherm Shelf tion from bot- C
the or function with of C pre-heat the the function. amounts the and the together amounts the shelf and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the Notes the The only and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from each
Defrosting To food, the function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the plate the or to cover the food. or as they increase the defrosting Shelf defrosting, the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly Instructions
Instructions Preserving the heat function Preserving that the Screw-top with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or the to C
Preserving Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C Instructions with switched off cooking C
Instructions Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning The that coating self-cleaning. They splashes of while the To this self-cleaning process, heating the without food items from the the with and then the to C. Switch the off hour. off with or cleaners. or other cleaning Doing the the coating slightly. This its each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and Instructions
Instructions Lighting Warning There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. light/Cleaning the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the Instructions
Instructions The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following only when the hinged! its hinges, the to the when the and injury. force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the base. the the and the the of the and the tion of the the base. the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and the section The the Instructions
Instructions What to The heat The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service force Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force customers should the section, as the the mechanical or Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The light the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions Installation Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in cooker and with They only combined with of the
This as shown or counter Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, or attempted or to and the instruction This such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ Customer Service
INDEX heat C Cleaning cleaning Clock cook countdown the Combination shelf Customer Service Defrost of the cooking Lighting light operating Preserving Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 669-A-050902-08 to without