B5741-5 Built-In
Dear Customer choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance using the first and the Initial cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and the Roasting Non-stick Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves
Cleaning and of the Non-stick cleaning Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service and
Instructions instructions This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance selection Functions of the Appliance Function buttons
of the Appliance Shelf of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the shelves and cooking the dishes. Top heat and heating lighting heating heat
non-stick cookware, cake roasts and foods. the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as of the Appliance
the first the first and the The operates when the the connected to the or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the the seconds, the clock flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The the deactivated, neither of the Countdown or clock and function
Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light illuminated. and clean them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. using the first
the the The with and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Functions selection Heat
Switching the Turn the to the function. The light lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. the Turn the to or the The C Checking the Press and Select buttons the The appears the Switching the off To the off, the tions to the OFF the
the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the heat function switched the that the other that heat operating. the to the light heat the switched off the that the heat the
function selected, with the of the function the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the completed and the operating using the function. the function If necessary, the Press the The to the light the another shows that operating. the reached, the of the heat light and the to the sounds. The heating to the function and You the food the The function switched with the Convection with heating and Rotitherm the
the Functions The the following function Convection with heating that and the C than when and roasting Rotitherm roasting of meat or shelf. The function and food items and food items the of the and toasting Defrost defrosting and or other foods heat cakes with or crusty cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to C. to three shelves the the C than when
the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the shelf to cookware from the and the together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected the
the The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the rosting from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and Non-stick To that this accessory and permanently easy to clean, should follow these instructions: the without food. cooking as the non-stick overheating.
Clock Functions To the to To when the to switch off Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To or the section the First Selector the Clock function lights
the to the clock clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or the the the function to seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock functions and the turned back to the switch the and the Checking the or Press the Select repeatedly, the clock function flashes and the or displayed.
Countdown Press the Select repeatedly the function Countdown flashes. the the countdown The function Countdown lights of the sounds. the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press the
the Select the function and Press the Select repeatedly the function flash- the the cooking The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to
Select the function and Press the repeatedly the function flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to the
the and combined and the to switched and off Select the function and the function, the that the to cook. this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The and tion light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this
Other Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock Turn the to the right and the Select the as the switched the automatically. the switched off, the clock To the clock permanently the clock Switching the clock Turn the to the right and the Select the appears the
the child The with child as the child activated, the switched the child to activated, of the functions currently selected. Activating the child Turn the to the and the Select SAFE appears the The activated. Deactivating the child Turn the to the and and the Select SAFE from the The deactivated and the ready If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function or 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours
and function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and and
and Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then of function Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with of function Convection with heating with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating Shelf from C
The cake enough the The cake (becomes too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the shelf cake too high slightly too Increase reduced higher Too the dough/ too Shorten Dough/mixture distributed too slightly higher and to and increase the dough/mixture the
and (thin (with of round the Apple covered from of Pre-heat the and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the of Shelf C Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn chips or cooking Convection with heating and C as instructions as instructions as instructions as instructions as instructions as instructions as instructions
and Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below meat, roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat. Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness C
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm (pre-cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of to of of of Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the and C Hours
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The only. of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the frosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, through the Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrosting Food defrosting the through the and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, when switched off Preserve inC and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Cleaning and Warning switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Warning: the switched off and cooled cleaning. Clean the each this to clean off and to that to the when used. The light switches when the the with of and and allow to the of If please follow the tions exactly.
each and to them to clean. Non-stick Clean with or cloth and Bright the coating that the or scouring cleaning cleaners, or such as or scrapers. These the coating. clean these the dishwasher. The non-stick would as Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning Warning: The this process. carrying cleaning, including the from the If the that as these cleaning If the or C1 appears the clock The cleaning then to that protects the rails/oven shelf cleaning the of the manually. Select function appears the flashes seconds. cleaning then The Light reached, the locked. The of the heat light the the of the cleaning Proceed as the section cleaning. as flashing, the the or or flashes seconds. cleaning then If flashing, the Select and then the the switch-off the cleaning The switch-off using the clock function (within of the cleaning the cleaning P2 easy: light of P1 high of
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Cleaning and
Cleaning and Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
cleaning of the interior, the off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer something and to scratches. Cleaning and
Cleaning and the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as it the as as the (A) both back their the
The with four of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the as as it the (A) both the as as the first tion of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the their the other and them of the them wards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them
the back. From the the other the the of the and them. The first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the (D). The (E) snapped Cleaning and
Cleaning and the as as the (A) both back their tions. the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting (C1 appears the F2 appears the clock properly closed or the clock there pears that If to the following the tions, please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The The the houses tripped The the rails/oven shelf the Switch off the the house or the switch the and switch If displayed please Service Force What to the If the peatedly, please thorised rails/oven properly; Turn the off and the house or the switch the If please the Customer
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply to the specifications below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these meas- type 15A 20A
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the facilities. The the or its that this treated as household it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The installation to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only combined with from the The of thermal insulation with the back and shelf. with shortened least and the plinth of the becomes to build-in.
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys ty. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that
This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK,
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland Service and
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without 963-M-291107-01