PREFERENCE Built-In Instructions COMPETENCE
Dear Customer, Please these operating instructions through please of the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to of the The warning and/or Warning! to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with cloverleaf. to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions The features of of the Appliance Functions the first the the Cleaning the first the the the Shelf and Attaching/removing the Switching the On and the the Function Checking the the Function Switching Switching On and Checking Information the Function the Countdown Switching On/Off the Lighting Switching On/Off the Clock Child
and Roasting Meat, Table Bio-Functions Roasting Roasting Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Table Preserving Preserving Table Cleaning and The of the Appliance Cleaning with and the Light
What to Service and Customer Services Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
Instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The only assembled and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons the with or high cleaner. If force used, the of the front of the roasting and the become Therefore children from the Overheated and catch fire Please to the when food or chips). Repairs to the only service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of the malfunctioning: the or switch off the
This other than that only the roasting and of food the the to food. the to heat the this with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to and become burnt the of that from the that the sheet cakes. directly the The the food the Instructions
Instructions the factory the with This insulation tested and sed as of the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the of CFCs. The from of correctly of Warning! of off the catches to child- Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or
The features of The switched and off using the button. This there the house, to switch the the switches. This the to as switched off The If the switched off or the of the switches off automatically. Child this with child as the the switched The this the to precisely. tional ease of the each function select. Cleaning The with cleaning this the to high You cleaners to clean the cloth to the that Heat Protective The of from below that the become too hour clock the when the switched off. If required, switch off the Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance switching the and off. The -switched when the released, -switched off when the depressed. Function and Function selecting the function. The selected function indicated the respective function Selected function or selected, to the quickly. the reached, the switches to the selected function. and Selectors the or the function selected. The selected indicated the Clock Functions and Function the clock The selected function ted the respective function
Lighting to switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched when the to the lighting switched off this and switched as required. Light The light while the heating and extinguishes when the selected reached. It then and off cooking to that the Clock Functions with clock which with the to the countdown as countdown, or to or roasting with the of the function. as function switched the played the the TIME function. Countdown the COUNTDOWN function of hour The countdown countdown and operation. Function the COOK TIME and END TIME the clock the that the switches and off automatically. Instructions
Instructions The switches as as the ration. The to the switched off to cool the switches off automatically. Shelf There both of the each of these Please that the counted from top to with to them pulled the the the rear. The with protects the the of the from the when roasting uncovered food or or Rotitherm.
The with the following cake roasts and items Universal cakes, or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food Instructions
Instructions Functions The following the PIZZA BAKING this function This function that and base, cheesecakes, C than heat. heat and the switched FAN COOKING cooking to the C than heat. heater and of the heater used. the rear of the that the the continuously. The food heated from CONVENTIONAL heat and roasting Heat from and below. ROTITHERM Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or This function gratin hes and The heater and the function pre-heat the the other cooking Several the function. GRILL to the or toasting of foods, or toast. The heat the heater the of the
BOTTOM HEAT this function heat from below that they the heater the of the used. DEFROST the function to or completely cakes, or other foods. The operates without heat. PYROLUXE The function self-cleaning This burns the to ash; once the cooled they then easily wiped the performance of this function the heated to C. Instructions
Instructions using the first the Following the of the TIME function and the flash. You then the The with the switched or off. If the the operated. the Press the or and the as the or the or back respectively. Press the clock or seconds. The displayed the to and continuously. The the or than seconds, the to forwards or backwards the released this reach the If the isolated from the to the this the as
the The with the switched or off. The displayed the Press the as often as the TIME function flashes. the as Cleaning the first the the first should thoroughly. You switch the lighting to cleaning Switch the the ton. The light the Press the lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth. fronts that protective or cleaners! The Instructions
Instructions the Inserting/Removing the the when roasting without covering roasting dishes. the of the the and the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards. the Shelf and the right and This as and wards. Shelf the such that the upwards. The and the of the the Shelf and the and together, the the berances the
Attaching/removing the The useful easy of the and of the Attaching the the from the the slightly then There of burns! that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions Switching the On and Switch the the The light the the function the or The selected function displayed. displayed the If the within seconds, the to The light that the the reached the light extinguishes. It then and off to that the To switch off the the or To switch off the the The light the extinguishes.
the Following the selection of the function, to the function displayed the You the necessary, or Press the or to increase or the The C pressing the or ton than seconds, the to or backwards the released this reach the the Function Press the or once. The switched off Press the or and the function selected. If the the to the selected function and the Checking the the the that reached the Press the and buttons seconds. The the that reached seconds the switches back to the the PYROLUXE function operation to the Instructions
Instructions Following selection of function, the pre-heated relatively of using the function Please only the food to cooked the when and the the function. the function CONVENTIONAL). the necessary. Press the The the the reached, acoustic sounds. The extinguishes. The the function and You the food to cooked the The function with the heat, or Please the and Tips section the Function There of the function: Switching If switched the and to to switch off the right using the clock the cook or the The then switches off automatically. Switching On and the morning or to the the cook and the The then switches the and switches off the of the cooking The cooking hour: COOK TIME The to ready END TIME The function selected or the function.
You seconds to the selection of clock function. At the of this the function the selected clock function extinguishes and Switching If necessary, switch the the Select function. If necessary, the Press the clock as often as necessary the function COOK TIME or END TIME. The and the COOK TIME or END TIME function flash. Within seconds, the the cook or the to the seconds, the COOK TIME or END TIME function switches to The clock to switch off. as the cook or the reached, the switches off automatically. acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the If necessary, switch off the the Instructions
Instructions Switching On and switching and off, both the cook and the the following instructions, the cook first and then the The however the If necessary, switch the using the Select function. If necessary, the Press the clock as as the function COOK TIME. The Within seconds, the the cook displayed. Press the clock the function light END TIME. The shows the cooking to immediately. Within seconds, the the displayed. seconds, the function switches from flashing to Both the COOK TIME and END TIME function to The clock to switch the and off automatically. The switches the the reached, the switches off and acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the If necessary, switch off the the Checking the clock the COOK TIME or END TIME function. The function to flash. The the cook or the
You the cook or the the clock the COOK TIME or END TIME function. The function to flash. The the cook or the Within seconds, the or the cook or the to the as as the function Switch off the using the Information the Function The COOK TIME that hours and If the first, the clock the cook and This COOK TIME END TIME COOK TIME: hours. If the cook first, the clock the earliest and This END TIME brought COOK TIME hours. END TIME: Instructions
Instructions the Countdown The countdown to the and both when the as as when function selected. If necessary, switch the using the Press the clock as often as the function tor COUNTDOWN. The COUNTDOWN function flashes. The the within seconds the seconds the COUNTDOWN function continuously. The countdown The of counted the the countdown expired, acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the The COUNTDOWN function extinguishes. If necessary, switch off the the the the Countdown the clock COUNTDOWN function. the within seconds the or buttons. the COUNTDOWN function continuously. The countdown with the Switching the Countdown Early the clock button, COUNTDOWN function. Within seconds the and buttons appears the seconds the COUNTDOWN function extinguishes and the shows the The that the countdown hour If the the the ted the countdown The countdown to the background.
Switching On/Off the Lighting The lighting switches as as the switched switch the lighting and off manually. The switched the Press the lighting to switch the lighting or off. Switching On/Off the Clock the switched off, the shows the This switched off to The switched off. Press the and buttons seconds. The clock extinguishes. as the switched the switches its- automatically. If, of the switched off or the the switches off automatically. The function the selected function flashes and the shows the The switches off of C hours of C hours of C hours of C hours Releasing the Press the or once. The switched off and then ready If the with the function, the Instructions
Instructions Child The with as the the switched the countdown used. It to the child when deselected. the Child Switch the the Press the and seconds. acoustic confirms the operation. "SAFE" the seconds. The then switches back to the Every attempted to switch the SAFE displayed the with the the Child It to the when functions selected. the shown the If switch the off and the ton. Press the and seconds. acoustic sounds to the operation. The displayed the The
and the PIZZA BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL tion when of and CONVENTIONAL. Light PIZZA BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf using PIZZA BAKING or CONVENTIONAL should only. You to FAN COOKING: Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the counted from top to cakes cake the of the shelf. You PIZZA BAKING or CONVENTIONAL. this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. preheat the when using the CONVENTIONAL function. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. cakes or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too selecting higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the
Bread, PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL cake Sandcakes/ cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top Instructions hours: C
Instructions Bread, PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL Wholemeal White Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. of or cake sheets Short Choux cakes Pre-Heat Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top FAN COOKING Shelf from Top C C hours:
This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL FAN COOKING Apple cake and Apple Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top C
Roasting roasting, the FAN COOKING, ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL function. the when Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat- roasted directly the sheet or the shelf with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat If roasting the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to Instructions
Instructions Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the CONVENTIONAL function meat, and other of meat poultry) the ROTITHERM function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the FAN COOKING function. The cooking the type and of the meat. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Meat, Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of Shelf tion from Top C or Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C C
Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM or or Yorkshire or Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher red. Shelf tion from Top C Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C Instructions C
Instructions Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or Partridge/ CONVENTIO- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING NAL Shelf tion from Top or or or or or or or or or or or Shelf tion from Top C C Shelf tion from Top C or
Poultry, steamed) Whole or Pre-heat food and shelf as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. CONVENTIO- Quantity ROTITHERM FAN COOKING NAL Shelf tion from Top or or or or Shelf tion from Top C C Instructions Shelf tion from Top C
Instructions the GRILL function with of 300C pre-heat the the GRILL function. It to the amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the Table The and the type and of the or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Chops: whole trout/herring as required) Shelf Food from Top Instructions each
Instructions Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that and dough and the The bio-functions! roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function roasting. the when roasting! Roasting heat-resistant If the that the heat- roasting without Shelf the from the top roasting. information Roasting Select high browning. Then to Notes the Roasting The roasting only and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of meat, the the browning and roasting It to whole only. of the Once the the (Turn the of the The heat increase the cooking
as season, required, Select the ROTITHERM function. the to the the At the of the browning the to the roasting the Roasting Table Food to Meat of of of Poultry Breast Trout roasting of and roasting Browning C Instructions ROTITHERM Roasting C
Instructions Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function Yoghurt or of capacity as cover or Shelf the the from the top Bring the to the the to cool to C. the the and cover. the the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function dough. Yoghurt the dough that heat to C. Shelf the the shelf from the top Cover the containing the dough with and the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to
Drying the FAN COOKING function Yoghurt the shelf or sheet with Shelf You to the shelf or the and shelf from the top information pears, of the or required, and the or the or Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C. Turn the when ced when pressed. Food Quantity C Apple thick Mushrooms The the of the food. Instructions FAN COOKING
Instructions Defrosting the DEFROST function defrosting the lighting switched the defrosting increase. Defrosting food and the the shelf. or to cover the food. or these increase the to the food. Shelf the the from the top The of C the DEFROST function Notes the Defrosting The following basic information defrosting Defrosting Table Defrost uncovered and Meat, through, or cover with Defrost uncovered and Meat, through, or cover with Trout, Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered Cream, whip Defrost uncovered. Defrosting Further Defrosting the Defrost and through, or covered with
Preserving the FAN COOKING function Preserving with and with screw or tops as tins. Shelf the shelf from the top Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the to that there the the the such that they each other. The should the amount and closed. Preserving and the FAN COOKING function and the to C as to the of the the of switch off the the to the closed further the of and Meat Select the FAN COOKING function and the to 160C as to the first the to C. to cook C Then switch off the and the to the closed further Instructions
Instructions Table Function PIZZA BAKING C FAN COOKING C CONVENTIONAL C ROTHITHERM C GRILL C BOTTOM HEAT C DEFROST C PYROLYXE P2.30 (Duration)
Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. the of fronts, cleaners. These protective the clean each with and with Then the with cloth. the of The of unnecessary. If please that follow the instructions! Cleaning with You of affecting the You with the of the clock to the of heavy please the of hours and the of light please the of hour and If, to overnight, the when to Warning: The become self-cleaning. It therefore that to the performance of the completely emptied. Also the Instructions
Instructions Performing Select PYROLUXE function. acoustic sounds. The the P2.30 hours seconds. The and the function PYROLUXE and COOK TIME The the as finished, P0.00 to the other switch off. Switch off the Once the cooled, with cloth. Performing the of light Switch the the the PYROLUXE function. Within seconds the once. The the shortened tion P1.30 hour finished, switch off the
the of the Clock Select PYROLUXE function. the or shortened). Within seconds, the END COOK clock function. the the which to The clock the and switches the and then off finished, switch off the the and lighting each (shelf, and to them to clean. Clean the and or washer. the of burnt with of dishwasher Instructions
Instructions Removing and the The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. the upwards and the top To the the base, upwards and then the top
Light Warning: There of shock! the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then lighting with V, C heat light the cover. the cloth from the Instructions
Instructions The cleaning. Removing the the completely. the coloured both the around of the overcoming the of the of the with both the upwards heavy!) and from the the with the outer to scratches. the of the of the with both from the the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then Turn the both back their that the coloured upwards. the
The three the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following when the its hinges, the to the when the and injury. the the and with the facing the screws the right and and the the of the and the the of the bot- and Instructions
Instructions the the of the and the free the Gently the of the and off the the and right of the of to them. the the the and right of the the the the of the the and the of the as as
the the from centrally the the of the the and that the outer of the the the the and right that the each other the and right the of the Tighten the right and screws that the securely fitted! the back its hinges. The only the completely reas- sembled. Instructions
Instructions What to the heat whether the switched the the the the If the please the lighting ceases to function? the light the Cleaning and If to these or to rectify the of the the of charge, the warranty If this information with the please Warning: Repairs to the to service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering should the section headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know, and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating the of the the Service and
Customer Services CUSTOMER SERVICES or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SLI IDZ
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Conditions
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height 51L 230V 240V Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of the protection (EMC). This with the following EU 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions the of fire protection, this to type (IEC of this type to high or protection the installation. The which the the of DIN of stability. This to the British This heavy. when both and the the to the Instructions
Instructions Assembly
information Instructions
Instructions
Preparation, Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
The to to 230-240V electricity supply The easily which as follows. or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the below.. PVC/PVC 20A and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type Instructions
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC