COMPETENCE B1180-1 The Built-In Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance Accessories the First the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the with the Clock Switching the and Roasting Meat, Table Defrosting Defrosting
Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting Cleaning the What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the home. when to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
Relates to with Steam from the the and the Instructions
Instructions Combination dishes, cake roasting and trays. with the as lecting the amounts of food.
the First the The when the The function the connected to the or following or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The yellow while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to the and then switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating cooking to three the The heating and the switched Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the and the the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Instructions
Instructions information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock functions cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function illuminated. the the function flash and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic Instructions
Instructions Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton. Instructions
Instructions and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this
TIME The of the (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions and the cooking function Light cooking Shelf You to cooking Shelf Shelf sheets: sheets: Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. cakes cake the of the shelf. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. or cake tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of own information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the to Instructions
Instructions cake cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux cakes Meringues Bread, Shelf- from C
Wholemeal White Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher only This to cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, Bread, Shelf- from the highest of the to the switch off the and the heat. Next when ances. Next and increase the Instructions C
Instructions Apple cake and Apple 1)Pre-heat The the function and to each the to with, then the higher Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the cooking function. Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the meat or the shelf with the meat roasting choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking roasting meat and the from weight of The cooking the type and of the To that from the burning the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Instructions
Instructions Meat, of Yorkshire 1)Pre-Heat of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. Meat Shelf from C
Table: Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or Pheasant, or or Shelf tion from Instructions C
Instructions Poultry, steamed) Whole or Shelf tion from C
the function with of C pre-heat the the function amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Table Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from each
Defrosting To food, the defrosting function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf defrosting, the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly Instructions
Instructions Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then hitch the back the shelf The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and Instructions
Instructions Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
Cleaning the The heating to to the the heating Warning: Only the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and curely both the the of the Instructions
Instructions The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following when the hinged! its hinges, the to the when the and force, the of the front the Removing the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the base. the the and the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the Instructions
Instructions the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The heat The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service force Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force should the section, as the charge the mechanical or Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the blown. The light Instructions the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and
Instructions Technical Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and
Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in and with They combined with of the Instructions
Instructions This as shown or counter
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs necessary the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Warranty
Customer Service Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
INDEX C Cleaning cleaning Clock cook countdown the Customer Service Defrost of the cooking functions light operating Repairs Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Universal Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 081-A-040902-03 to without