COMPETENCE B6140-1 The Built-In Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed Thinking acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance the First the Initial Cleaning the The Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the Inserting/Removing the Clock Functions Other Functions Switching the Child Cut-out and Roasting Meat, roasting,
Bio-Functions Roasting Roasting Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Table Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Cleaning with Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Index Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the wrapping and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance Instructions
Instructions switching the and off. with front the following text and the the to the ton.
Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the There the of the which information about the commonly dishes. Instructions
Instructions Combination dishes, cake tins, items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food.
the First the The when the The function the connected to the or following or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions Initial Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The cleaners fronts. Switch the the The the illuminated. Press once The LIGHT function and the lighting switched and the and them with and Then the with and and off the front of the with cloth only. cleaning switch off the lighting with
the The information switch the first using the the function the to heat and the to count The lighting as as function selected. Instructions
Instructions Functions The the following The BAKING, CONVENTIONAL and ROTITHERM include tomatic This that the selected reached as as BAKING C cakes and that and base. These include such foods as and C than when using and the switched FAN COOKING C to three the C than when The heating and the switched CONVENTIONAL C and roasting The top and heating ROTITHERM C roasting of meat or This function to cooking foods and The heating and top heat with the
DUAL GRILL C of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating SINGLE GRILL C foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating DEFROST C To to thaw and to such items as or other foods. this function the operates without heating. BOTTOM HEAT C and with The heating PYROLUXE self-cleaning. this splashes and the and washed off once the cooled. The heated to C. LIGHT To switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched as as the operation. Instructions
Instructions Switching On Functions Switch the with the Press or the function the The light while the heating the Press the or to crease or the The of C. the tion Press buttons or repeatedly the function
Switching the To switch the off the buttons or repeatedly function off. Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Switching the Lighting On and You switch the lighting without function. Switch the using the Press once The LIGHT function and the lighting switched Press once The lighting switched off. Instructions
Instructions the Shelf and the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the shelf with both upwards. The and to the of the and the and together, the shelf the the
Attaching/Removing the The useful the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the gently and then it hear Warning: of that the securely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions Inserting/Removing the The protects the heating splashes of when roasting. the the the the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards.
Clock Functions COUNTDOWN To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the COOK TIME To the to END TIME To when the to switch off TIME To or the section the information the switch the using the clock function selected the function tor seconds. this the or using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count Instructions
Instructions COUNTDOWN Repeatedly the COUNTDOWN function flashes. buttons or the countdown. hours and seconds the the The COUNTDOWN function tor the the function and acoustic sound To switch the acoustic off:
COOK TIME Select function and Press repeatedly the COOK TIME function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the switch to the The COOK TIME function tor and the to once. the cooking the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: Instructions
Instructions END TIME Select function and Press repeatedly the END TIME function tor flashes. the or buttons the which the to switch off. seconds the switch to the The END TIME function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off:
COOK TIME and END TIME combined COOK TIME and END TIME together the to switch and off Select function and the COOK TIME function the the to cook. hour. the END TIME function the which the to ready. The COOK TIME and END TIME tion and the appear the The switch cally the switch off when the expired. Instructions
Instructions TIME Press repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready The TIME only the child switched off and neither COOK TIME END TIME
Other Functions Switching the switching off the The switched off the switched off. Switching off the If switch off the with the Press and clock functions the as the the switch The the switched off the To the constantly the switched Switching the If switch off the with the Press and clock functions the reappears. Instructions
Instructions Child The with child as the activated, the used. To the child there function lected. Activating the If necessary, switch the ance using the function tor buttons and SAFE appears the The activated. Deactivating the child function selection and seconds. The child deactivated and the ready Switching off the with the the child
To function unintentionally. Activating the locking If necessary, switch the ance using the button. Select function. function tor and seconds LO appears the The locking activated. Deactivating the locking function selection buttons and seconds. The locking deactivated when the switched off. Instructions
Instructions Cut-out If, of the switched off or the the switches off automatically. The function the selected function flashes the and acoustic sound. The light flashes. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours To Pressing selection switches the off, which restarted.
and the BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL function of and CON- VENTIONAL. Light BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf using BAKING or CONVENTIONAL should You to FAN COOKING Shelf Shelf sheets: sheets: Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the counted from to top. cakes cake the of the shelf. You using BAKING or CONVEN- TIONAL. this the the shelf. The cooking then increased only slightly. preheat the when using the CONVENTIONAL tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. sheets or cake tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of using the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the
Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL cake cake cake cake Christmas cake or Short Apple cakes Meringues Shelf from Shelf from C Instructions C
Instructions Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL Wholemeal White Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Shelf- from Shelf from C C
of or cake Short Choux cakes Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher FAN COOKING Shelf from Instructions C
Instructions This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when using Next and increase the cooking
CONVENTIONAL FAN COOKING BAKING Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat The the function and to each the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C Shelf from C Instructions Shelf from C
Instructions Roasting roasting, the FAN COOKING, ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the or the with the sheet roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to
Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the CONVENTIONAL function meat, and other of meat poultry) the ROTITHERM function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the FAN COOKING function. The cooking the type and of the meat. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Instructions
Instructions Meat, roasting, Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of or Shelf tion from C or Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C C or
Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM Yorkshire or 1)Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Instructions C
Instructions Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or tity CONVEN- FAN COOKING ROTITHERM TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Shelf tion from bot- C or
Poultry, Pheasant, Partridge/ steamed) Whole or 1)Pre-heat food and shelf as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. tity CONVEN- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- or or or2 or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Instructions Shelf tion from bot- C
Instructions the SINGLE GRILL or DUAL GRILL function with of C pre-heat the the function. amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the shelf from the Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Table Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from Instructions each
Instructions Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that it and dough and the The roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function roasting. roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat- roasting without Shelf the shelf from the top information Roasting Select high browning. Then to
Notes the roasting The roasting and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of meat, the the and roasting It to whole only. of the Once the the (Turn the of the The heat increase the cooking meat as season, Select the ROTITHERM function. the to the the At the of the the to the roasting the Instructions
Instructions Roasting Table Food to Meat of of of Poultry Breast Trout roasting of meat and roasting Browning C ROTITHERM Roasting C
Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function or of as cover with or Shelf the shelf the from the top Bring the to the the to cool to C. the the and cover. the the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the hours (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function dough. the that heat to C. Shelf the the shelf from the top the containing the dough with and the shelf. the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to Instructions
Instructions Drying the FAN COOKING function the shelf or with grease-proof Shelf You to the shelf or the and from the top information pears, of Mushrooms the or required, and the or the or Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C. Turn the when when pressed. Food C Apple thick Mushrooms The the of the food. FAN COOKING
Defrosting To food, the function DEFROST C. Defrosting the food plate and the plate the only or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the Shelf defrosting, the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the Defrosting Table Defrost and turn the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of it slightly Instructions
Instructions Preserving the BOTTOM HEAT function Preserving that the Screw-top with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or the to C
Preserving Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C Instructions with switched off cooking C
Instructions Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the with and then items. Clean with Information There to the cleaning If to follow the instructions. (shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the washer. the to which of dishwasher
Cleaning with Warning! The becomes this Children cleaning with and the to from the If the shelf as they cleaning with appear the the The of to the Instructions
Instructions Cleaning with thick hand. Switch the using the Select the PYROLUXE function The shows seconds the COOK TIME function flash- and P1 appears the The cleaning function and switch off tomatically hours and the the function flash and acoustic sound You switch off the the clock functions button. cooled the with cloth. The lighting reached the locked. The light the released
Carrying shortened cleaning Proceed as Cleaning with Press the while the COOK TIME function flashing. The shows seconds the COOK TIME function flashing and P2 appear the The cleaning function and switch off tomatically hours and as Cleaning with It to the which the cleaning switches off the END TIME clock function Instructions
Instructions Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the screw. the from the the back and the front Unhook and
the shelf when the that the rounded of the forwards! To first the the front Swivel the the and the screw. Instructions
Instructions Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the cover the cover anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: light with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: light with V, C heat-resistant light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the shelf
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the Instructions
Instructions The with four of to other. The cleaning. The following to when the If the while the tached, the to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to the plate the and, with the the of its and the and the free. the and the plates the of their another and them the they free. the plates gently and them Clean the
the plates From the plates the the another. the and them the of the as the as they the From the the the the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the to the Instructions
Instructions What to The heat The lighting tioning appears the The The The activated. If rectify the with the of the information please or service. Warning: Repairs to the specialists. repairs to the If the improperly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The activated. The light The the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and the and least seconds the light off.
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in and with They only with of the
This as shown or counter Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ Customer Service
Index INDEX heat locking C Child Cleaning Initial cleaning shelf Cleaning with Clock functions the Combination Customer Service Defrosting of the cooking Light Lighting functions light operating Preserving Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Warranty
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 536-B-230503-02 to without