COMPETENCE B2190-1 The Built-In Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance Accessories the the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the Working with the Clock Switching the and Roasting Meat, Defrosting Defrosting
Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to clean the with or high reasons! to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
of the of the coated alytic coating). Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the Instructions
Instructions Combination shelf cake tins, items roasting and cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food.
the First the The when the The function the connected to the or following buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions Initial Cleaning You should the the first cleaners! The To the of the only cloth with to which or specifically this To the or the of the lowing: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and the with and then the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The yellow while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating cooking to three the The heating and the switched Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. foods the of the shelf such as or or toasting The heating Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function cooking foods and The heating and alternately.
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the shelf and the and together, the shelf the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Instructions
Instructions information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock functions cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic Instructions
Instructions Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. buttons or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton. Instructions
Instructions and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this
TIME The neither of the functions (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions and the cooking function Light cooking Shelf You to cooking Shelf Shelf sheets: sheets: Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. cake the of the shelf. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and used. or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of using the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of browning themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the to Instructions
Instructions cake cake cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Meringues Bread, Shelf- from C
Wholemeal White Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher only This to cake cooked through The properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, Bread, Shelf- from the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions C
Instructions Apple and Apple charlotte 1)Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the cooking or rotitherm function. Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the meat or the shelf with the meat roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or This the meat You of that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to Instructions
Instructions Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and shelf of The cooking roasting meat and the from weight of The cooking the type and of the If roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the the rotitherm function. If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. To that from the burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Table: Meat, roasting, of or or Yorkshire Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Shelf from C Instructions C
Instructions or 1)Pre-Heat rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Rotitherm Shelf from C Shelf from C C Shelf from C
Poultry, or or or or or or or Partridge/Pi- steamed) Whole or or or or food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Rotitherm or or Shelf from C Instructions Shelf from C
Instructions the function with of C pre-heat the the function amounts the and the together amounts the shelf and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the The and the type and of the or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Table Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from Instructions each
Instructions Defrosting To food, the defrosting function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the plate the or to cover the food. or as they significantly increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Table Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. commercially cleaners fronts. lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning The that coating self-cleaning. They splashes of while the To this self-cleaning process, heating the without food items from the the with and then the to C. Switch the off hour. off with or cleaners. or other cleaning Doing the the coating slightly. This its (shelf each and to them to clean. Instructions
Instructions Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the shelf the cover with the of and clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the Instructions
Instructions The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following only when the hinged! its hinges, the to the when the and injury. force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the base. the the and Removing the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the Instructions
Instructions the the from the section of the which the located. the and the the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The heat The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service force Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force should the section, as the the mechanical or Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The light Instructions the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and
Instructions Technical Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and
Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the the to the The built-in and with They only with of the Instructions
Instructions This as shown or counter
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
Customer Service Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
INDEX C Cleaning cleaning Clock cook countdown the Combination Customer Service Defrost of the cooking Lighting functions light operating Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Universal Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 085-A-040902-03 to without