COMPETENCE B4140-1 The Instructions
Dear Please these operating instructions to the section Instructions the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance the the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Attaching/Removing the Working with the Clock Switching the and Roasting Meat, roasting, Table Defrosting Defrosting Preserving
Cleaning and of the Appliance Cleaning with Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from trays that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the recycled. Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the The switches as as the switched Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions Combination dishes, cake items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food.
the First the The when the The function the connected to the or following buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready Instructions
Instructions Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The yellow while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating and that brown- and base. These include such foods as and C than when the tional function. and the switched cooking to three the C than when the tional function. The rear heating and the switched and roasting The heating Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function cooking foods and The heating and alternately.
of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating foods the of the shelf such as or or toasting The heating heat and cakes with The heating Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. self-cleaning. this splashes and the and off once the cooled. The heated to C. Instructions
Instructions the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the and together, the the the
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
information Once function selected the function flash seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock functions cook or countdown Instructions
Instructions Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic
Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton. Instructions
Instructions Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. buttons or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this Instructions
Instructions TIME The only neither of the functions (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The light flashes. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. You then to switch Instructions
Instructions and the cooking or function of and tional Light and cooking Shelf or should You to cooking Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. the of the shelf. You cakes or this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. preheat the when the tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. sheets or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the Instructions
Instructions Bread, pound cake cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf from Shelf from C C
Bread, Wholemeal White re-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Shelf from Shelf from C Instructions C
Instructions of or sheets Short Choux Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher cooking Shelf from C
This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat The the function and to each the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C Shelf from C Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the rotitherm or function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the Shelf Please the following the to Instructions
Instructions Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the function and other of the rotitherm function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. The cooking the type and of the To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Meat, roasting, Meat Rotitherm of or or Yorkshire Shelf tion from C or Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Instructions C
Instructions Meat Rotitherm or 1)Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C C
Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or tity Shelf tion from bot- or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Instructions Rotitherm Shelf tion from bot- C or
Instructions Poultry, Pheasant, Partridge/ steamed) Whole or 1)Pre-heat food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. tity Shelf tion from bot- or or or2 or or or or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Rotitherm Shelf tion from bot- C
the or function with of C pre-heat the using the function. amounts the and the together amounts the shelf and the together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Chops: Whole trout (turn as required) Shelf Food from each
Defrosting To food, the function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the plate the only or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the Notes the The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly Instructions
Instructions Preserving the heat function Preserving only that the Screw-top with and Shelf the shelf from the Notes the There to each with of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or the to C
Preserving Table Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C Instructions with switched off C
Instructions Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the with and then items. Clean with Information There to the cleaning If to follow the instructions. (shelf shelf each and to them to clean.
Cleaning with Warning The becomes this Children from the cleaning with If the as they cleaning with It to the cleaning of switch that protects the shelf thick hand. the function switch to Turn the selection switch clockwise as as it cleaning seconds and switch off hours cleaning the locked and the lighting off. The light the leased cleaning completed, switches to the off it cooled the with cloth. Instructions
Instructions Shelf The shelf the and right hand of the cleaning the Removing the the screw. the from the the back and the front Unhook and
the shelf when the that the rounded of the forwards! To first the the front Swivel the the and the screw. Instructions
Instructions Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the Instructions
Instructions The with four sheets of to other. The sheets cleaning. The following to only when the If the while the tached, the to and Rough of the the of the front to Removing the plate the and, with the the of its and the and the free. the plate and Removing the plates the of their another and them the they free. the gently and them Clean the
the plates From the plates the the another. the plates and them the of the as the as they the From the plate the the the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the to the Instructions
Instructions What to The heat tioning The The The activated. The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service Force Warning: Repairs to the specialists. repairs to the If the improperly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The activated. The the household or the The The light the If the or the please shelf the and least seconds the light off. the light the Cleaning and
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of stability. This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in cooker and with They with of the
This as shown or counter Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ Customer Service
Index INDEX heat C Cleaning cleaning Clock cook countdown the Combination Customer Service Defrost of the cooking light operating Preserving Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Universal Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough Berkshire, SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 670-A-040902-10 to without