COMPETENCE B2100-1 The Instructions
Dear Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance the First the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the with the Clock Switching the and Roasting Meat, roasting, Table Defrosting Defrosting Table
Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting Cleaning the What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Index Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the only specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the weight the when it directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the recycled. Plastics as follows: >PE< as the wrapping and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance Instructions
Instructions Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the
Combination dishes, cake tins, roasting and trays. with the as the of food. Instructions
Instructions the the The when the The function the connected to the or following buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. Instructions
Instructions the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The yellow while the The light while the heating To switch off the turn the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating cooking to three the The heating and the switched Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function cooking foods and The heating and Instructions
Instructions the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the and together, the shelf the the
Attaching/Removing the The useful the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions Working with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock functions cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock cook or countdown Instructions
Instructions Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function illuminated. the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic
Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton. Instructions
Instructions Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. buttons or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this Instructions
Instructions TIME The of the (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
and the cooking function Light cooking Shelf You to cooking Shelf Shelf sheets: Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the counted from to top. cakes cake the of the shelf. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and used. cakes sheets or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the to
cake cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Meringues Bread, Shelf- from Instructions C
Instructions Wholemeal White Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher only This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, Bread, Shelf- from the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking C
Apple cake and Apple 1)Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from Instructions C
Instructions Roasting roasting, the cooking or rotitherm function. Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the meat or the with the meat roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to
Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and shelf of The cooking only roasting meat and the from of The cooking the type and of the If roasting without cooking other type of food the the the rotitherm function. If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Instructions
Instructions Meat, roasting, of or or Yorkshire Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Shelf from C C
or 1)Pre-Heat rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Rotitherm Quantity Shelf from C Shelf from C Instructions C Shelf from C
Instructions Poultry, Poultry/ or or or or or or or Partridge/Pi- steamed) Whole or or or Rotitherm or or Shelf from C Shelf from C
Poultry, or food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only Rotitherm Shelf from C Instructions Shelf from C
Instructions the function with of C pre-heat the using the function amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the shelf from the top Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from Instructions each
Instructions Defrosting To food, the defrosting function 30C. Defrosting the food and the plate the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Table Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the it with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when (shelf each and to them to clean. Instructions
Instructions Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the rear light/Cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the shelf Instructions
Instructions Cleaning the The heating to to clean the Folding the heating Warning: the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the it the shelf The heating correctly and both the the of the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the Instructions
Instructions The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following only when the hinged! its hinges, the to the when the and force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the the base. the the and Removing the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and it the section The the Instructions
Instructions What to The heat The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service force Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force customers should the section, as the the mechanical or Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The light the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the the to the The built-in and with They combined with of the
This as shown or counter Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs necessary the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ Customer Service
INDEX C Cleaning cleaning shelf Clock cook countdown the Customer Service Defrost of the cooking Lighting functions light operating Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 083-A-040902-02 to without