COMPETENCE B8140-1 The Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the the of technical please CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTRE and found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed acting
of the Appliance the the Initial Cleaning the The Functions the Shelf and the Additional Functions Clock Functions Other Functions Child and Table and Gratin Table Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting Table Meat Table Table
Bio-Functions Roasting Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Table Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Cleaning with Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Service
The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the wrapping and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance
switching the and off. with front the following and the the to the ton.
Steam from the below the Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the
Combination dishes, cake tins, items roasting and cakes and roasting or collecting Meat exactly of meat cooked.
the First the The when the to the or following and TIME flashes. buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the displayed. The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The cleaners fronts. Switch the the The the Press selection once LIGHT and the lighting switched and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. cleaning switch off the lighting selection
the The information switch the first the the selected function the to heat and the to count The lighting as as function selected. Switch the off using the
Functions The the following The BAKING, CONVENTIONAL and ROTITHERM functions include tomatic This that the selected reached as as BAKING C and that and base. These include such foods as and C than when using and the switched FAN COOKING C to three the C than when using The heating and the switched CONVENTIONAL C and roasting The top and heating ROTITHERM C roasting of meat or This function to cooking foods and The heating and top heat with the
DUAL GRILL C of such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating SINGLE GRILL C foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating KEEPING FOOD WARM C To food The top and heating DEFROST C To to thaw and to such items as or other foods. this function the operates without heating. BOTTOM HEAT C and cakes with The heating LIGHT To switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched as as the operation.
Switching On Functions Switch the with the Press selection or the function nated. the The light while the heating the Press the or to crease or the The of C. the tion Press the or the function
Switching the To switch the off tion or repeatedly of the Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Switching the Lighting On and You switch the lighting without function. Switch the the Press selection once LIGHT and the lighting switched Press selection once The lighting switched off.
the Shelf and the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the shelf and the shelf and together, the shelf the the
the The protects the heating splashes of when roasting. the the the the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards.
Additional Functions PIZZA To ready such as foods and from the There to pre-heat the as recommended the when this function used. to the instructions the Press selection repeatedly the PIZZA function The of C appear the the or the increased or of C. Turn
CAKES cakes and cake There to heat the as recommended the when this function used. to the instructions the Press selection repeatedly the CAKES function The of C appear the the or the increased or of C.
POULTRY To whole where to the the roasting then breast the and the the first from the Press selection repeatedly POUL- TRY appear the and the COOK TIME clock function Press the or buttons within the to the You the COOK TIME clock functions selection of the roasting acoustic sound to to the At the of the cooking acoustic sound. The switch off. PYROLUXE self-cleaning. this splashes and the and washed off once the cooled. The heated to C. Cleaning with
Meat To switch the off when the reached. the meat with the should used! If the of the meat as as the food that to cooked that the right the of the food. the meat the the of the MEAT PROBE the function and The the selected function appear the the the the right of C' appear the meat the meat selection buttons or
seconds the meat shown the the right The meat played from C upwards. Checking or the meat The meat pressing or once. It to previously selected or as the measured matches the that acoustic sound and the switch off Press the or selection to the Warning: The meat There of burning when the and the of the and the cooked food from the with the meat ther- Switch off the
Clock Functions COUNTDOWN To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the COOK TIME To the to END TIME To when the to switch off TIME To or the section the information the switch the the clock function selected the function seconds. this the or the or selection buttons. the the function seconds. Then the function The to count The acoustic turned off pressing clock
COUNTDOWN Press clock function selection ton repeatedly COUNT- DOWN flashing. buttons or the countdown. hours and seconds the the COUNTDOWN the COUNT- DOWN flashes and acoustic sound To switch the acoustic off: clock functions
COOK TIME Select function and Press clock function selection ton repeatedly COOK TIME flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the switch to the COOK TIME the cooking COOK TIME flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: clock function
END TIME Select function and Press clock function selection ton repeatedly END TIME flashing. the the which the to switch off. seconds the to the END TIME the END TIME flash, accoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: clock function
COOK TIME and END TIME Combined COOK TIME and END TIME together the to switch and off Select function and the COOK TIME function the the to cook. the END TIME function the which the to ready. COOK TIME and END TIME minated and the appear the this The switch the the of acoustic tone sound and the switch off. COOK TIME and END TIME flash.
TIME Press clock function selection repeatedly TIME flashes. buttons or the seconds the flashing and the clock the The ready The TIME only the and child switched off.
Other Functions Switching the switching off the Switching off the If switch off the with the Press clock and the seconds). as the the switch The the switched off the To the constantly the switched Switching the If switch off the with the button. Press clock selection buttons and the reappears seconds). The only switched off the switched off.
Child The with child as the activated, the used. There function selected the child to switched Activating the Child If necessary, switch the ance the function tor and SAFE appears the The child activated. Deactivating the Child function and seconds. The child deactivated and the ready Switching off the with the the child
To function unintentionally. Activating the locking If necessary, switch the ance the Select function. function tor buttons and seconds LO appears the The activated. Deactivating the locking function and seconds. The locking deactivated when the switched off.
If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes, the light flashes, and sounds. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. You then to switch
and the BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL of and coated CON- VENTIONAL. of light BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf with BAKING or CONVENTIONAL shelf With FAN COOKING to three once: trays: trays: Shelf and Shelf and
information the when as otherwise the and the unevenly. count the shelf from the upwards. sheets with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. With BAKING or CONVENTIONAL with the them the shelf. There increase Notes the the information cooking and selection of dishes. The and cooking these the and used. using the first the and necessary, increased or the cooking too higher If information of information or than once the increased Items that might should the height of the item to to of the of this please the the of cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated, the information the with
Table of cake or BAKING CONVENTIONAL Ring-shaped or bowl-shaped cakes cake cake Shortcrust and Plaited initially .....................................then cake cake Shelf from C Shelf from C both
of cake or BAKING CONVENTIONAL (with yeast dough/sponge base) shortcrust with sugar-topped cakes) (with (thin) or Shortcrust Meringues with yeast with Pre-heat the the or the Information type the function each Shelf from C Shelf from C both
shelf of cake or and cake Shortcrust Meringues with yeast dough with FAN COOKING Shelf from C
The cooked the The cake the too too slightly higher too the cake shelf too high to too Increase cooking reduced higher cooking Too Next that beaten the the of when food-processor. too cooking too high and cooking too the too slightly higher Removing the to and increase cooking
and Gratin Pre-heat the Information type the function the ROTITHERM CONVENTIONAL Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from C
Ready Meals Food to cooked CONVENTIONAL Chips CONVENTIONAL CONVENTIONAL Turn foods the cook- This of the the item and the Once the cooled the Shelf tion from ROTITHERM C function with the tions with the instructions with the tions with the instructions with the tions with the instructions
Roasting the ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL roasting. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to instructions!). roasts roasted directly the or the shelf with the of that of should roasted with marinated this the meat its to roasting of meat without and meat of The roasting! Shelf Please the following the shelf to used.
Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The information roasting meat and with of the Generally the CONVENTIONAL function meat such as or other of meat pecially the ROTITHERM function. To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and cooking with the meat This roasting Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Roasting of meat CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM or of thickness of thickness of thickness Meat of (pre-cooked) of of of Shelf from bot- C Shelf from C of thickness
of meat Quantity CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of of of of Poultry Poultry (steaming) Whole Pre-heat the Information type the function Shelf from bot- to C Shelf from C
Meat Table C or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
To the DUAL GRILL or SINGLE GRILL function with of C. with the closed. pre-heat the the tions the and together Shelf foods should the from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or particularly of meat and Turn the food through the Table of of Toast Toast with the together with the Shelf Food from
Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that and Yoghurt dough and the The roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function roasting. the when roasting! roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that they heat-resistant. roasting without Shelf the from the information Roasting Select high browning. Then reduce to
Notes roasting The roasting and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of meat, the the and roasting It to whole poultry. of the Once the item the (Turn first.) The of heat would significantly the roasting meat as season, Select the ROTITHERM function. the to the roasting to the At the of the the to the roasting
Roasting Table Food to roasted Meat of of of trout roasting of meat and roasting Browning C ROTITHERM roasting C
Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function to yoghurt. or of capacity as and cover with or Shelf the the from the Bring the to the the to cool to C. of the and with the the shelf. Select CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the hours (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function to dough. dough the that heat to C. Shelf the the from the Cover the containing the dough with and the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to
Drying the FAN COOKING function the or with or greaseproof Shelf You foods to the shelf or the and from the Notes the foods the or Turn the foods as they the foods when they produced. Chilli Mushrooms Apricots Pears Food C FAN COOKING
Defrosting To the function DEFROST without Dishes defrosting and the food the shelf. plate or to as these increase the Shelf the the from the to Notes the defrosting The below offers defrosting Defrosting Table through cooking turn or Meat, cover with through cooking or Meat, cover with Trout, cover. cover. cover. Cream, cover. Defrost- frosting Mins. the through cooking or with cover whipped when of slightly
Preserving the BOTTOM HEAT function Preserving only that the Screw-top with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving The stated and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C cooking 100C switched off
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the it with and then items. Clean with Information: There to cleaning. If to follow the instructions. shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the washer. the to which of dishwasher
Cleaning with Warning: The becomes this Children cleaning with and the to from the If the as they cleaning with appear the shelf the The because of to the Cleaning with thick hand. Switch the the Select the PYROLUXE function The shows: P1, the COOK TIME flashes seconds. that the pears the The lighting reached the locked. The light the released
Carrying shortened cleaning Proceed as Cleaning with Press the selection while COOK TIME flashing. The shows: P2, the that the appears the The which the function switches off the END TIME clock function.
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the screw. the from the the back and the front Unhook and
the when the that the rounded of the forwards! To first the the front Swivel the towards the and the screw.
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- light the cover. light/Cleaning the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-re- light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four of to other. The sheets cleaning. The following to only when the If the while the tached, the it to and Rough of the the of the front to Removing the the and, with the the plate of its and the and the free. the plate and Removing the the plates of their another and them the they free. the and them Clean the
the plates From the plates the the another. the plates and them the of the as the as they the plate From the the the the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the to the
What to The heat The lighting tioning appears the The The The activated. If rectify the with the of the information please or service. Warning: Repairs to the specialists. repairs to the If the improperly, the service or that of the free of charge, the warranty Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household or the The activated. The The the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and the and least seconds the light off.
Information with to the front of the the or shortly or roasting.
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EWG including 90/683/EWG 89/336/EWG (EMC including 92/31/EWG). 93/68/EWG and
Additional Functions heat locking C Child Cleaning cleaning Clock the Combination Customer service Defrosting of the Dishes with cooking Frying Food Light Lighting Meat functions light Poultry Preserving Ready Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam and the
Service The section "What that yourself. there first technical Then service and phone found "Customer Service the to the and whether service necessary. Please of the information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC the warranty the the section "What to the service to with the information his and therefore, to These phone as
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 540-A-050302-07 to without