DDO61GA
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the to This to operated of or The to cook food and it other and from the The instructions that with the and where it fitted. If the already that instructions followed. If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something RATING PLATE This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (Where the rating from the as this the DDO61GA
Lighting the The The hotplate The cooking chart The cooking and cleaning the information What and why? Servicing Instructions Technical Location of Testing Conditions
Lighting the Lighting the The of about the Hotplate To light the You the hotplate when the the and to the (highest and the immediately. the release the Warning: If the of the to spread. If the of the while of the hotplate the This because would the stayed when the closed. the to off the as cut-off This only off the when the closed. The when the Please If lighting hotplate the hotplate off and the hotplate correctly. information.
The and the operated the them both the To light: the the and to the right to the highest This shown Press the the release the the when using the Warning If the immediately of the to spread. cover the or with as this to fires To light: the the and to the to Press the button. the release the There first. the to the the showing the to the the Lighting the
Lighting the To light: the of the clock. the the and to seconds the light and the light turn the back to the the showing the If there (such as the You the To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the light The light when the alight. If to the light follow the instructions
The The high-speed The instructions below to the heat and to the height of the to the food You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. to the that the approximately to off from the this emitted, therefore to first the hear sounds as the this and the The and the You the when the when the used. Young children should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the right from 'OFF' to 'LOW' and then to 'HIGH'. the high cooking such as toast. the to cook thicker food such as the high The
The There the counted from the top food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight to the shelf. This when the top of food such as The shelf the from the shelves the It that them the with the the the should the and the the shelf the Turn the off the that the when the You the to plates when the Preheating You usually to preheat the You to preheat of when cooking or food. Positioning food the food such as toast, and the of the food which heat, such as and the of the meat products and to their thickness and them cooked.
The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force The
The hotplate The hotplate You the hotplate when the If lighting hotplate hotplate off and the hotplate correctly. information. Heat The hotplate anticlockwise from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. You the heat turning the the highest and lowest These shown as and The hotplate three to of food such as chips. (Normal) food such as and stews. The which should The of the should than
to burns and when reaching the with bases. They than which warped. with heavy which the to the of the burners. they when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. the to cool If as the If round based with the of the type. closed the performance of the the that the the follow the instructions that with the the as or chopping board. This the and reduce its strength. The hotplate
The hotplate the of If the round the of the wasting heat the amount of Cover with whenever The food heat and there the cooking than the and This they cook quickly. and hints
The the should them with cloth to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the If cooking than of items, cakes or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to You should food round the cooking Preheating You to preheat the or and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the the to reheat food should preheat the to to preheat the shelves You the shelves of the and of the the counted from the top The shelf the from the shelves the the with the the The when the This the cooking performance. The
The cooking should using the when cooking or cake the the of the to allow enough to around the food. the shelves only If to shelf completely, as as the front and To the the front the to the the front and the and the from the that which If or which than this, to around The of which should the should than the with the the of the shelf. You to items around Turn food round the cooking dishes, and the This the as as the cookware and possibly the covering the of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the Shelf
Roasting roasting or to It to meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to cooktimes. If using roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and Whenever to that food which of covered. If straight The
cooking chart If cooking than of items, or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher to These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking least shelf shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the cooking chart the the of the shelf. cooking Shelf Food and and and and and and and and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. Roasting meat:
and and or and as including stuffing. cooking Shelf Food below and Poultry: The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each Thoroughly cooking them. Yorkshire hours. hours. hours. Christmas cakes cooking chart
cooking chart cooking Shelf Food Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) To the cook plate,or plates and and Yeast cook then reduce to the cook You beans then them them to
These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking the centrally the shelf and food round the cooking You the and cooking to It to that food cooking chart The recommended the and and and cooking Shelf Food Shelf Roasting meat: and and Shelf and and Shelf and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. cooking chart
cooking chart and Shelf and Poultry: cooking Shelf Food The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each as including stuffing. Thaw thoroughly cooking them. hours. Shelf Christmas hours. hour. Yorkshire
To the cook or plates and Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) You then them them to Shelf Food cooking chart
The THE ELECTRONIC MINUTE MINDER Decrease and Increase The to the of Please that this hour clock, shown as the following to the and the of through them with the If the switched off the or there of the clock and to the TO SET THE TIME OF DAY the electricity first switched ON, the Press buttons and together. Release the buttons, appear the as Within seconds the as Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached,
TO USE THE MINUTE MINDER The the of of cooking to hours and To and the Release and and The count the to reached, If and to the The the The to count once The of the To the of the cook At the of the sound to The and the of the To the sound The and the of TO CANCEL THE MINUTE MINDER If and to the Press and release Press and and the count to Release seconds the of the The
cooking cooking Please There cook the The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat You to cook food the to the cook This that the of the food enough to the food foods such as and cooking the too Cover food cooking to from You food the hour normally Food cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing of of cooked meat thermometer, that internal of least o C reached. roasting or Thaw meat and of meat from and first. then reduce to the cook Turn to
Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or food with tight or tinfoil. beans then to meat Cover food with tight or then reduce to the cook the with and allow to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of retained there the of the cooking slightly as there cooking and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. Reheating food should cooled and reheat food the cook food or microwave. Food only reheated once. cooking
and cleaning and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean using cloth that and using cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the Cleaning the and the from the as It recommended that and cloth cleaning the and ANY OTHER CLEANING MATERIALS MAY DULL THE FINISH. should when cleaning, to that cleaning products from the immediately.
The hotplate Clean the hotplate top such as to the If the the light. You the and crowns to them. to the If food cooking the another to Then the and clean them the 'burns Clean the crowns them You scouring with such as If the crowns this they reasonably clean. the with based the Clean the to the using with such as cleaning the them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown centrally the top of crown and front to back to the properly fitted. If light then to the crown and and cleaning
and cleaning The the The to cleaning. Cleaning the the the to become from operating correctly. Please that to the of the tarnish through of This and the Clean the around the using the and then or such as Clean the using necessary. The and top Clean the and top the and then using or such as Clean the shelf, and using necessary. The heat the the of the the shelf. You the from the shelf. You the shelf to cleaning
The The and back of which to clean. Follow these to the appearance of the finish. or they too high the If they to the roasting with This splashing. roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there splashing. Follow the cleaning regularly. and cleaning
and cleaning cleaning Please The cleaning only the You to follow the to the of the The type of cooking often to follow the If of roasting and other should follow the cleaning once If roasting to follow the cleaning every To cleaning the shelves. the to least Turn the to hours or the clean. cleaning or the of the the finish. You the to. You this from Clean the of the the shelves and the while they slightly This easily splashes or the with cloth that You MARK MARK
Cleaning the and You the from the and to. top to the when the because the and To the outer the the head screws the top of the top slightly to screws. these screws using screwdriver. You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the both the top of the slightly to the the of the Please that the type and from that shown the Clean the outer and using and such as DO NOT try to clean the which the The there to the cool, the holding both and the the of the the of the and the screw location the with and the head screws the location with the other hand. Tighten the screws using screwdriver. the and cleaning
Cleaning The To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Bath/Sink If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please Service Force who pleased to further. the This and serviced as stated the editions and the IEE Regulations. It that the supply. should the rating that fitted. Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
Positioning The shows to the shelves, and fitted. the and the instructions to If which catch fire, or the which higher than the hotplate If cooker the cooker instructions. that to or the British Appliance to four screw Width: Depth: (to front of Installation
information information of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each corner. to the from the supply the supply as the instructions. If this the the who the Connecting to the electricity supply This earthed and protected The with the directly to three earthed the to the If to the with which ASTA to BS the the cover back If the cover from The or coding. If the off of as shock elsewhere the house.
If the there with the supply. the trying another of that correctly renew the the If the failing there the which right. with rating higher than other the and the light You screw with rating of T300. the cool the the and the shelves. of top of to from housing. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the shelves. the back the electricity supply. The light covered the information
What and why? What and why? strongly that the following Service The or hotplate light. If the hotplate light that the correctly. instructions If hear when the there with the supply. First the trying another of If that the the If the 'blows' there the with rating higher than other the and If the light there such as the other with match. that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that the recommended and to the or to the The cooking evenly. that the properly and that the back that the recommended trays. If cooking item to round food the should turned round.
cleaning of the that the instructions and cleaning, followed. The light If the light to the To this instructions there with the supply. this the If hear there the trying another that the the If the 'blows' this that there the with higher rating than further the and inform What and why?
Servicing Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk through the information the heading 'What and why? should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service to the of the and of this information this P.N.C.
only to or the as this that service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or telephone as follows or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (IrI) of Ireland The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone telephone directory Servicing
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Please that the and type and from that shown the Where and L.P. of this that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front Plate top of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height to hotplate (to front of fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate Flush-see 'Location of Appliance' hotplate (If to the instructions). of from CONNECTIONS Rear of hotplate B.S.P. 230V-240V with moulded with GRILL Heat HOTPLATE R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F Heat R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F. Heat
MAIN OVEN Heat Thermostat SECOND OVEN Heat GENERAL H. T. GAS CATEGORY COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION CAT. 2H GB, IE CAT. GB, IE IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions and the I.E.E. Regulations. contained the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the regulations. to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom shower or It that the as stated below shelves, and of directly the top of hotplate and the hotplate when with the of the If the to to the than the hotplate, then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The to the height to hotplate of L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other than
INSTALLATION PARTS REQUIRED The hotplate the top of the LEVELLING THE APPLIANCE If the or its height (from the hotplate to the below followed: to or height obtained rotating clockwise or anticlockwise the the front and of the should of the shelves to the correctly FITTING THE STABILITY BRACKET It recommended that the to with (SK.4729.A) and from These instructions should with the with the the its and off from the of the as shown 'A', This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown (B) (A) C
CONNECTING TO GAS This to with only. should that R/8. to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED TO SHUT OFF VALVE I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE. Carry to the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. The hose caught the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS. CURRENT EDITION. L.P.G. FLEXIBLE CONNECTIONS MUST BE OF TYPE SUITABLE FOR L.P.G. AND CAPABLE OF OPERATION UP TO AND TO CARRY RED STRIPE, BAND OR LABEL. CONNECTION TO THE ELECTRICITY SUPPLY WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. DO NOT EARTH THIS APPLIANCE TO THE GAS SUPPLY PIPING. This connected to 230V-240V A.C. supply. It with of incorporating moulded with which directly the the to the If this enough,the supply least sectional IF THE MOULDED PLUG IS CUT FROM THE CABLE FOR ANY REASON, IT MUST BE DESTROYED OR DISPOSED OF SAFELY, AS THE PROTRUDING WIRES WILL BE AN ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD. If other type of should incorporate the or or the board. If the to threaded through from the then to as shown DO NOT EXTEND THE CABLE USING PLASTIC OR CERAMIC CONNECTION TERMINAL BLOCKS AND/OR INSULATION TAPE. ALL EXTERNAL WIRING BETWEEN THE APPLIANCE AND THE ELECTRICAL SUPPLY SHALL COMPLY WITH I.E.E. WIRING REGULATIONS.
If the or completely should fitted. the wires as follows: BROWN to the BLUE to the GREEN and YELLOW to the Earth the of the wires the which with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which GREEN and YELLOW connected to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured GREEN or GREEN and YELLOW. The which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the 'N' or coloured BLACK. The which coloured BROWN connected to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. FIT AMP FUSE TO THE PLUG HOLDER that the supply caught the the PRESSURE TESTING The as the from each and front cover. back the right of the the from the right hand of the and off whilst easing and to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and light the The should The to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D. correctly located the the operation of CHECKING THE GRILL the containing the with the attached, the Light the turning the to its and the as the the released. CHECKING THE HOTPLATE the the crowns and that they correctly seated. the each of the hotplate turning the hotplate to and the as the the released.
CHECKING LID SHUT-OFF DEVICE the Turn hotplate to its and the There should supply to the hotplate and the Turn off the hotplate and the The supply should to the the turned CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the thermostat to and that there from the This should the alight. the lights the should there should first to the which the (F.S.D.) the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the thermostat to the and that about the reduced Turn off the thermostat and that the CHECKING THE SECOND OVEN Turn the thermostat anticlockwise to and the as the alight the released. the lights there should first to the which the F.S.D. by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the to the and that the reduced. Turn off the and that the CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN LIGHT Turn the thermostat and that the light Turn off the thermostat. TO SET THE TIME OF DAY To the clock Turn electricity and that the thermostat the off Press buttons and together. Release buttons, appear the Within seconds the Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached, FIG.5
MINUTE MINDER OPERATION The the of of cooking to hours and To and the Release and and The count the to reached, If and to the The the The to count once The of the To the of the cook At the of the sound to The and the of the To the sound The and the of GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the operation of the
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating plate The only, and with the instructions The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property This to and other rights and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This to and to another user within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household The account country please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service Force of and to and UK Slough Ireland
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION shelves wire) crowns (right-hand If This from Service Force
IMPORTANT NOTICE with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the of superseded or appearance ELECTROLUX HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE, SL1 1DZ. TELEPHONE