DDO60GA
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the to The to cook food and other and from the The instructions that with the and where fitted. If the already that instructions followed. If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something RATING PLATE This the front of the and the top cavity Alternatively the rating plate found the back or top of (Where the rating from the as this the DDO60GA
Lighting the The The hotplate The cooking chart The cooking and cleaning the information What and why? Servicing Instructions Technical of Testing
Lighting the Lighting the The of about the Hotplate To light the You the hotplate when the the and to the (highest and the immediately. the release the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. If the of the while of the hotplate the This because would the stayed when the closed. the to off the as cut-off This off the when the closed. The flow when the Please If lighting hotplate the hotplate off and the hotplate correctly. information.
The and the operated the them both the To light: the the and to the right to the (highest and the immediately. the release the the when the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. cover the or with as this to fires. To light: the the and to to and the immediately. the release the There first. the to the the showing the to the the Lighting the
Lighting the To light: the of the clock. the the and turn to seconds the light and the light the back to the the showing the If there (such as the You the To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the light The light when the alight. If to the light follow the instructions
The The high-speed The instructions below to the heat and to the height of the to the food You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. to using the that the to burn off from the this emitted, therefore to first the hear sounds as the heats this and the The and the You the when the when the used. should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the right from 'OFF' to 'LOW' and then to 'HIGH'. the high cooking such as toast. the to cook thicker food such as the high The
The There only the counted from the top food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight to the shelf. This when the top of food such as The shelf the from the shelves the It that them the shelf with the the the should the and the the shelf the Turn the off the that the when the You the to when using the Preheating You to preheat the You to preheat of when cooking or food. Positioning food the food such as toast, and the of the food which heat, such as and the of the meat, meat products and to their thickness and them cooked.
The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force The
The hotplate The hotplate You the hotplate when the If lighting hotplate hotplate off and the hotplate correctly. information. Heat The hotplate anticlockwise from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. You the heat turning the the highest and These shown as and The hotplate three to of food such as chips. (Normal) food such as and stews. The which should The of the should than
to burns and when reaching the with bases. They than which warped. with heavy which the to the of the they when cover the with If the catches fire, it where and turn off cloth or the to smother the the fire. the to cool If using as the If round based with the of the type. closed the performance of the the that the the follow the instructions that with the the as or board. This the and reduce its strength. The hotplate
The hotplate the of If the round the of the wasting heat the amount of with whenever The food heat and there the cooking than the and This they cook quickly. and hints
The the should them with cloth to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the If cooking than of items, cakes or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to You should food round the cooking Preheating You to preheat the or and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the using the to reheat food should preheat the to to preheat the shelves You the shelves of the and of the the counted from the top The the from the shelves the the with the the The plate when the This the cooking performance. The
The cooking should the shelf when cooking or the the of the to allow enough to around the food. the shelves If to shelf completely, as as the front and To the the front the shelf to the the front and the shelf and the from the that which If or which than this, to turn around The of which should the should than the with the the of the shelf. You to items around Turn food round the cooking dishes, and the This the as as the and possibly the covering the of and the of the the heat properly. of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food burn the too back as food burn the Shelf
Roasting roasting or to It to cover meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to If roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and try to that food which of covered. If straight The
cooking chart If cooking than of items, cakes or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher to These instructions cooking the pre-heated If using both the to the cooking least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the chart the the of the shelf. cooking Shelf Food and and and and and and and and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. Roasting meat:
and and or and as including stuffing. cooking Shelf Food below and Poultry: The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Yorkshire hours. Christmas hours. hours. hour. cakes cooking chart
cooking chart cooking Shelf Food Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) To the cook plate,or plates and underneath,place and Yeast cook then reduce to the cook You then them them to
These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking the centrally the and food round the cooking You the and cooking to It to that food cooking chart The recommended the and and and cooking Shelf Food Shelf Roasting meat: and and Shelf and and Shelf and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. cooking chart
cooking chart and Shelf and Poultry: cooking Shelf Food The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each as including stuffing. Thaw thoroughly cooking them. hours. Shelf Christmas Yorkshire hours. To the cook or plates and Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust)
cooking Shelf Food You then them them to cooking chart
The The Please that this hour clock, shown as the following to the Read through them with the If the switched off the or there of the clock and to the first switch the electricity the flash. To the of Turn the to then to the turning and holding the clockwise. the turning the Turn the back to To the countdown Turn the to 'Countdown'. Turn the clockwise the shows the The showing and this the shows the to If and to the the anticlockwise. Then the to Cookpot Selector
using the countdown the clock the of turning the to The to that the countdown At the of the sound and the Switch off the turning the to Then to and the of the You the countdown when as as remember the following Turn the to as as the the You the the the the first to choose when That to everything correctly and when from the the This easy. to through the below. The clock the the electricity supply the clock showing the To turn the to then to Turn the The
The the food to cook? What the food to cooked by? to Turn the to Turn the Turn the to then to the The shown the chart of the when the the food to cooked hours and the food The clock what the switch and the off the Once the finished there to that to the operation. To this the to Turn off the If and to that to and then to Turn the to Then the the of the food to cook shows the The cooking hours. the Turn the to Turn the the the to switch off shows the The cookpot The than hours from the of the of the the
and cooking the instructions the with the operation. If the used, allow to cool completely using You should food the as as cooking food to the when finished You should and to eaten once, cool If food from the as as cooked that the food covered. Choose perishable foods weather. Food should fresh and preferably straight from the of meat and completely Dishes containing cooked meat or should cooked there Choose which approximately the cooking allowed by:- foods or using or or or This or respectively. Further the foods higher or the as the top of the than the shelf to and choose which the together. food the with or where and the of and of with or to to browning. should If which only to cook, should the with the It to cook them the hotplate whilst dishing the of the The
cooking cooking Please There cook the The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat You to cook food the to the cook This that the of the food enough to the food Turn to foods such as and because the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally brown. Food cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. of hours. of only cooked thermometer, that internal of least o C reached. roasting or Thaw meat and of meat from and first. then reduce to the cook
Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or food with tight or beans then to meat food with tight or then reduce to the cook the with and allow to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of retained there the of the cooking slightly as there cooking and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. Reheating food should cooled and reheat food the cook Reheat food conventionally or microwave. Food reheated once. cooking
and cleaning and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean using cloth that and using cloth. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the Cleaning the plated (Where It strongly recommended that only cleaning the ANY OTHER CLEANING MATERIALS WILL DULL THE BRASS PLATED FINISH. The hotplate Clean the hotplate top such as to the If the the light. You the and crowns to them. to the If food cooking the another to Then the and them the 'burns
Clean the crowns them You scouring with such as If the crowns this they reasonably clean. the with based the Clean the to the with such as cleaning the them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to try to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown centrally the top of crown and front to back to the properly fitted. If light then to the crown and The and Clean the and the and then using or such as Clean the shelf, and necessary. The heat the the of the the shelf. You the from the shelf. You the to cleaning and cleaning
and cleaning The the The to cleaning. Cleaning the the the to become from operating correctly. Please that to the of the tarnish through of This and the Clean the around the the and then or such as Clean the shelf using necessary. The The of the finished You should the and or such as If cleaners they the Council (VEDC) of Follow the instructions the cleaning and the with to becoming Clean the of the the shelves, and the while they slightly This easily splashes and the with cloth that You
Cleaning the outer and You the from the and to. top to the when the the and To the outer the the head screws the top of the top slightly to screws. these screws screwdriver. You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the both the top of the slightly to the the of the Please that the type and from that shown the Clean the outer and and such as DO NOT to clean the which the The there to the cool, the holding both and the the of the the of the and the screw location the with and the head screws the location with the other hand. Tighten the screws screwdriver. the and cleaning
Cleaning The To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please Service Force who pleased to further. the This and serviced as stated the regulations editions and the IEE Regulations. It that the supply. should the rating that fitted. Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
Positioning The shows to the shelves, and fitted. the and the instructions to If which catch fire, or the which higher than the hotplate If the instructions. that to or the British Appliance Height to four screw Width: Depth: (to front of
information information of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each rear corner. to the from the the supply as the instructions. If this the the who the Connecting to the electricity supply This earthed and protected The with the directly to three earthed the to the If to the with which ASTA to BS the the cover back If the cover from The or coding. If the off of as it shock the house.
If the there with the supply. the trying another of that correctly renew the the If the there the which right. with rating higher than other the and the light You Watt screw with rating of T300. the cool the the and the shelves. of top of to from housing. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the shelves. the back the electricity supply. The light covered the information
What and why? What and why? strongly that the following Service The or hotplate light. If the hotplate light that the correctly. instructions If hear when the there with the supply. First the trying another of If that the the If the 'blows' there the with rating higher than other the and If the light there such as the other with match. that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that the recommended and to the or to the The cooking evenly. that the properly and that using the recommended trays. If cooking item to turn round food the should round.
cleaning of the that the instructions and cleaning, followed. The light If the light to the To this instructions there with the supply. this the If hear there the trying another that renew the the If the 'blows' this that there the with higher rating than further the and inform What and why?
Servicing Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Customers Ireland should telephone through the information the heading 'What and why? should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service try to the of the and of this information this P.N.C.
try to or the as this that service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone directory Servicing
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS front Plate top of Please that the type and from that shown the Where and L.P. of this that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions.
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height Height to hotplate (to front of fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate Flush-see 'Location of Appliance' hotplate (If cooker to the instructions). of from CONNECTIONS Rear of hotplate B.S.P. 230V-240V with moulded with GRILL Heat HOTPLATE R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F Heat R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F. Heat
MAIN OVEN Heat Thermostat SECOND OVEN Heat GENERAL H. T. IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions and the I.E.E. Regulations. the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom, shower or It that the as stated below shelves, and of directly the top of hotplate and the hotplate when with the of the If the to to the than the then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The to the height to hotplate of L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other than
INSTALLATION PARTS REQUIRED The hotplate the top of the LEVELLING THE APPLIANCE If the or its height (from the hotplate to the below followed: to or height obtained rotating clockwise or anticlockwise the the front and rear of the should of the shelves to the correctly FITTING THE STABILITY BRACKET It recommended that the to with supply (SK.4729.A) and from These instructions should with the with the the its and off from the of the as shown 'A', This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown (B) (A) C
CONNECTING TO GAS This to with only. should that R/8. to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED TO SHUT OFF VALVE I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE. Check soundness connecting to the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. The hose caught the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS. CURRENT EDITION. L.P.G. FLEXIBLE CONNECTIONS MUST BE OF TYPE SUITABLE FOR L.P.G. AND CAPABLE OF OPERATION UP TO AND TO CARRY RED STRIPE, BAND OR LABEL. CONNECTION TO THE ELECTRICITY SUPPLY WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. DO NOT EARTH THIS APPLIANCE TO THE GAS SUPPLY PIPING. This connected to 230V-240V A.C. supply. It with of incorporating moulded with which directly the the to the If this enough, the supply least sectional IF THE MOULDED PLUG IS CUT FROM THE CABLE FOR ANY REASON, IT MUST BE DESTROYED OR DISPOSED OF SAFELY, AS THE PROTRUDING WIRES WILL BE AN ELECTRIC SHOCK HAZARD. If other type of should incorporate the or or the board. If the to threaded through disconnected from the then to as shown DO NOT EXTEND THE CABLE USING PLASTIC OR CERAMIC CONNECTION TERMINAL BLOCKS AND/OR INSULATION TAPE. ALL EXTERNAL WIRING BETWEEN THE APPLIANCE AND THE ELECTRICAL SUPPLY SHALL COMPLY WITH I.E.E. WIRING REGULATIONS.
If the or completely should fitted. the wires as follows: BROWN to the BLUE to the GREEN and YELLOW to the Earth the of the wires the which with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which GREEN and YELLOW connected to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured GREEN or GREEN and YELLOW. The which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the 'N' or coloured BLACK. The which coloured BROWN connected to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. FIT AMP FUSE TO THE PLUG HOLDER that the supply caught the the PRESSURE TESTING The as the from each and front cover. back the right of the the from the right of the and off whilst easing and to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and light the The should LP.GasThe to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D. phial correctly located the the of CHECKING THE GRILL the containing the with the attached, the Light the turning the to its and the as the the released. CHECKING THE HOTPLATE the the crowns and that they correctly seated. the each of the hotplate turning the hotplate to and the button. as the the released. CHECKING LID SHUT-OFF DEVICE the Turn hotplate to its and the There should supply to the hotplate and the Turn off the hotplate and the The supply should to the the turned
CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN CONTROLS TO SET THE TIME OF DAY Turn the electricity supply and that the thermostat the off below. the hand clock to and back to the the of rotating the right that hour clock. the hand clock back to the NOTE: the of with the the only, this the seconds selection. This that when the of this function the the right within seconds from when the of the ceases to active and operation of the right the CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN the clock as the clock ready operation. Turn the thermostat to and that there from the This should the alight. the lights the should there should first to the which the (F.S.D.) the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the thermostat to the and that about the reduced Turn off the thermostat and that the AUTOMATIC OPERATION the clock as the hand to the and the right to cooking of Turn the hand to the the shown the the of with the right to to this to Turn the to the to the the clock shows the of with continuously. Turn the thermostat and the should its lighting the lighting the should off the supply to the and the should sound. The switched off rotating the to rotating the to the
CHECKING THE SECOND OVEN Turn the thermostat anticlockwise to and the as the alight the released. the lights there should first to the which the F.S.D. by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the to the and that the reduced. Turn off the and that the CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN LIGHT Turn the thermostat and that the light Turn off the thermostat. GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the operation of the
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION shelves wire) shelf crowns If This from Service Force
IMPORTANT NOTICE with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the of superseded or appearance Household Appliances ELECTROLUX HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE, SL1 1DZ. TELEPHONE