INSTRUCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction the DSO51DF
You MUST these or the If Customer This to the instructions and to the This cooker when CORGI the cooker. This connected to combustion products It and connected with to the This to connected to 230-240V, supply. that the and supply with the type stated the rating to the Child This cooker to operated allow to or with the cooker. The cooker when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the This cooking only. It or cooker heat and the which there supply, or with the the should or increasing the ight this with the with The become when or the becomes should to touching heating the WARNINGS the the OFF when using other the with the of the Unstable or should the as or the when cooking with and the the This should clean build-up of or fire. or high cleaning the the or the of the with that the which located the back of the to of the cavity. Perishable food, items and affected heat and should the The with the this as cover when closed, and as splash back when other from the of the and the should allowed to cool closing the the the MUST NOT closed the and completely cold. Service This cooker should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of it off the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the Technical features Location Conversion of Instructions the and the first of the function the and the and cleaning Something Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The below when reading the instruction instructions and Information CONTENTS
TECHNICAL FEATURES Capacity DSO51DFW, DSO51DFGR DSO51DFSS right right Cleaning Rated Rated Roasting This with: Council Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC CE Directive 93/68/EEC INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE INSTALLER rating rating Painted 25W type E14
This with the IEE Regulations Edition). the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The with (EN60.335-2.6). The higher than the Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. connected to the electricity supply, to that the and the shown the rating plate with supply This earthed. the and the The heatproof The L.P.G. or MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other This to overheating of surrounding It to to the The cooking with to the The containing the should supply with B.S. Editions. The following INSTALLATION The responsibility from installation which with legislation. of and of rated input and family of BS burning cooking burning BS Specification of of to (R1) family BS threads and where the threads BS hoses, and burning BS of cooking and family BS LOCATION to rear of or Chain to as as
The cooker should with of than of of effective of required; of and of effective required, while the required. the which directly to the when the and If there other burning the B.S. Editions should to the Location The located or bathroom, shower or information the of the highest the of this which with the supply 70C the there enough the hotplate there to The with the back and front corners of the base. the to the height of the as to with other and of the and
to this and the supply should or with the THIS COOKER MUST BE EARTHED. The should these or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. This to connected to 230-240V AC, supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate located the The with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth the and (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath of the capacity: 13A NOTE: The earth should about than the and wires. the rating plate the the establishing the ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS that: and household the of the rating The easily when the If the supply the or its service or to off serious (shock) that the off of The should switch switch) with least The conductors of sufficiently high cross-sectional to overheating or The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that it reach of than 50C the The responsibility should these instructions
that the type and and the of the This only with This connected to It to and connected with the force. should to the concerning The to heat or protected such The of this the rating to supply. that the and the of the to supply the of the that tight. and to isolate the to the force. cooker the of stated the rating The hose the back of the If necessary to the the to reach the should which conforms to when as follows: NATURAL the to the termination with: Specification of low-pressure of to (R1) family BS GAS CONNECTIONS of hose
of with self-sealing complying with: hoses, and burning BS The should subjected to forces or whilst connected or disconnected; The which the of the fits should permanently to and such that the hose freely The should such that mechanical from the surrounding which such as or or The plug-in-connector should the hose with fixing Right incorporating backplate Distributor backplate hose with fixing
cooker to with and witth or The LPG from Service Force and Corgi the type it the the the the with the the to the type Normal RAPID SEMI- RAPID AUXILIARY CONVERSION OF GAS SPECIFICATION NOZZLES Table II 2H3+ Cons
the of the or to of DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply and that the OFF and the cooled completely. the the and the crowns; the and them with those the type of Reassemble the following the These of the The correctly when the and without the type of that the correct. The when the about length. The top of that, turning the from the to the the To the Light the Turn the to the of the the Unscrew or screw the by-pass screw the right of reached. LPG screw completely the by-pass screw. Reassemble the following the that, when turning the from the to the the of
USE AND CARE right right INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE USER (auxiliary) right right switch light thermostat light function (selector)
the of the the first that the V.M.C. or both and the using the first the should heated without this emitted. This the or protective there Heat the the about This should repeated with the function approximately Clean the with and Plate The of found the rating the front of the the The protected rated or The rating of the the rating About and food heated the as The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and with the To and from cookware, which withstand of C. dishes, should directly the base. cooking the the that the the to to over-heating. USE OF APPLIANCE
Function The to the and to the or function. switched off selection and top heat) The the as the The closed when The and operates cooking the to the The the thermostat. or directly the of the This heat build-up which the performance of the and the the Traditional cooking Traditional cooking the heated It necessary to pre-heat the to cakes, Preheat the the thermostat chosen about 50C to 150C; about 175C to 250C; the thermostat light Once the selected, the thermostat light and the reached the that, and off with the thermostat, showing the light This light when the function turned and while the this light The light when function selected using the function ELECTRIC OVEN
the of the and the should that the becomes should to touching heating the The become when or with the closed To switch the the function to GRILL. foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the the and to allow thicknesses of food. Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top with the its 'high' Preheat the or toasting. the shelf as necessary, The food should as required. NOTE: the the thermostat. the and off to overheating. the thickness of the meat and its and Turn off the the of cooking and heat to the The thickness, the and the of the influence the increase the enough. To when roasting to the item roasted. the of and with cooking to heatproof The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
the The The the shows which operated the the and the choose the and and off. of the the and to the At the the the second). Release the and that the ignited. ignition, the as required. OR the completely and to the and with match. Release the and that the ignited. ignition, the as required. If reason the should extinguish off the least and then If the that the and its correctly positioned. Turning off the Turn the clockwise to anything the that to Selecting the Correct there the cooking choose which correctly to the of the Choose thick, the lowered as as the
the and the clean. The following used: with the The following with Shelf The should the of the to the roasting with roasting It to when cooking the If the roasting from the to the only heatproof dishes/pans to the instructions). The located the cavity. cooking the become the of such as towels, should the such as sheets, become therefore should when these items from the whilst the or To the from and as shown. To the to the then and completely. To the follow the
The should clean build-up of or other fire. cleaning, the OFF and the cooled completely. or cleaning DISCONNECT the cooker from the electricity supply. Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. to used. Harsh should cleaning that cleaners used; the of or or products, as these scratch the the the cover, and cloth to which the of cleaners with These protective To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, using cleaner. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING Cleaning the cleaning of the to the following the completely. the locking plates the to Partially the to o the and the the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. locking plates
every with cloth to which through the of the and with cloth. To and to scratch and the of or products that the The and crowns cleaning. the and crowns and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth. and To the shelves, and and with and with cloth. that the switched off and from the electricity supply the to of shock. If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: 25W 300C Thread E14 To the Turn the anticlockwise and the and with the cover. the to the electricity supply. OVEN BULB REPLACEMENT
If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The flow of that: The The The bottle completely that: supply completely The of The The and correctly cleaning The burns that: The and the of food The and correctly cleaning The Check: cooking function/temperature selected correctly the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. It too to the dishes, or they cooked too the The The burnt To follow the instructions the If these the correctly, Service Force the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase The rating found the of the front of the cavity. Please that purchase or service SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptoms
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk should that the the heading Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service concerning and or further information products, Customer or telephone as follows or www.electrolux.co.uk SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS CUSTOMER CARE Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those, which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The supply with the the rating The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and GUARANTEE CONDITIONS UK
Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ The The choice The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of than countries around the world.