Microwave TINSEB488MRR0
Information Please and this choosing the This of to satisfaction and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information to this with the to microwave It to or with the interlocks. the front and the or allow or to the It that the properly and that there to the: and or and The should or repaired properly service Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY Purchase location) NOTE with to You or Product Card the
Information Precautions to to Microwave of Instructions Unpacking and Instruction Grounding Instructions Information You to About About cooking About About children and the microwave About food About and coverings To the clock............................................... Stop/Clear cooking To chart chart.......................................... Table of chart.............................................. Reheat Breads....................... chart Other Defrost Defrost chart pref......................................................... cooking More or Seconds on-off Demonstration Cleaning and Service Specifications Warranty Informations
Instructions basic should followed, including the following: instructions the ance. and follow the PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY This grounded. only to properly grounded Grounding or this with the instructions. products such as whole and sealed containersfor closed to and should heated this this its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory with when this or properly or or This should serviced service Authorized Servicer examination, or cover or the or this this waterfor or locations. or from heated of or counter. To reduce the of burns, shock, fire, to or to microwave SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS cleaning instructions To reduce the of fire the cavity: overcook food. to when or other the to from or If the closed, off and the or off the or the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when such as coffee or to overheated the without appearing to or when the from the Microwave THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID. To reduce the of to overheat the the both and through heating straight-sided with wide-mouthed heating, allow the to the Microwave least seconds the when or other the If the light Autho- Servicer.
and Instruction Unpacking and from the cavity. DO NOT REMOVE THE WAVEGUIDE COVER, which located the right cavity and SAVE this and the there from the of the the such as or and or and and the cavity or the If there the and or ELECTROLUX AUTHORIZED SERVICER. Choosing Location Microwave built or or or built-in EI27MO45TK EI27MO45GS and EI30MO45TK microwave EI30MO45GS.
Grounding Instructions This grounded. This with grounding with ground- It that properly and grounded with the National and and ordinances. the of grounding reduces of shock the The AC only, or protected supply. It recommended that this The with grounding It that properly and grounded. Should purchased and temporarily allow. Follow power-supply to reduce of becoming or cord. DO NOT USE AN EXTEN- SION CORD. NOTES: If about the grounding or or serviceperson. Neither the to the or from to the or TV Interference Should there interference the microwave to or TV, that the microwave the or TV as from the as feasible or and of of the grounding of shock.
About This and and reference. cookbook cooking hints and NEVER the Microwave without the turntable and the that the The turntable both clockwise and counterclockwise. ALWAYS food the Microwave when to the microwave the Microwave below hear the About microwave cooking food thickest of Watch cooking the shortest amount of indicated and as Food severely or Cover foods while or cookbook towels, microwave or and foods to cook with of thin of meat or to cooking thick cooked thoroughly. foods from to of once or Turn foods once microwaving to cooking of such foods as and items roasts turned least once. Information You To and off. It the of the to to the when cooking or reheating. of cook- and the food influence the amount of that the Generally, covered foods as as uncovered ones. The Microwave food only. It should to clothes or newspapers. Microwave rated the IEC Procedure. or food or the and accordingly. Rearrange foods such as meatballs through cooking both from top to and from the of the to the food from and which allows the food to cooking without overcooking. indicating that cooking reached. Food steams throughout, of to the Poultry thigh easily. Meat and and easily with
Information You To About foods to that they cooked to the United States of Food 160F fresh ground meat, bone- white poultry, seafood, and food. 165F ready-to-reheat ated, and and carry-out fresh food. 170F White meat of 180F meat of To meat thermometer thick or from or bone. NEVER the thermometer the food microwave ALWAYS potholders to burns when that with food. Enough heat from the food through to burns. About and the microwave Children below the age of should the microwave with to them. the of and the should the The child to reach the comfort- ably; should At should allowed to or the burns directing from the and the farthest of covering and and cooking from the the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food. NEVER the cavity cookbooks or other items. Select, and food to its high and the of cover clean. Food arcing and/or when items from the that the clothes or the shielding least inch from walls, and Children should taught potholders, coverings to that food they Dont that cooking cook everything. Children to learn that the toy. Child
About food Food Don't specially food food to and heat with heat- to release and burns. Information You To cooking to of and that while the to to or seconds or bottles heating and thoroughly. feeding. and heating to when cooking or to shells. whole or shells. or bowls. Heat bottles. Heat bottles with Heat food Heat or cook closed or tight Can the microwave as bacteria fry. gourds, or
Information You To About and coverings It to cookware. already cessfully Microwave the the these microwave cooking and reheating: such as Corningware heat-resistant microwave-safe plastics plates microwave-safe pottery, stoneware and recommended preheating Follow These items reheating of foods that or them: DO NOT USE and with non-heat-resistant non-microwave-safe plastics products food Should to microwaving, the the and microwave HIGH seconds. which becomes should used. The following coverings covering foods reheating and while and reheating. that specially cooking and reheating. DO NOT allow wrap to food. that microwave-safe choice heat the food to hasten cooking or foods that DO NOT to to Microwave of smoothly the food to shield that or cooking too quickly. should than inch to of the Should about or cover- microwave cookbook or follow There microwave purchase. purchase that they microwave-safe thermometer and that foods cooked to to the when used.
One to with see-through latches The the securely closed. and Turntable the turntable the of the INTERACTIVE The Interactive operating and shows hints. HELP lighted the the user to hint which Words the light to what function the turntable the securely. The turntable clockwise or counterclockwise. cleaning. (Rear) light It light when operating or cover: DO NOT REMOVE. seconds
Words the of the light to what function to the which there and information.
operating Microwave and this and completely. the Microwave used, follow these the the The ENJOY YOUR OVEN PRESS CLEAR AND PRESS CLOCK Press the STOP/CLEAR appear. clock. below. To the clock to the of (A.M. or P.M.). Press Press clock. clock the of the Press clock clock Procedure This hour clock. If to incorrect clock ERROR appear the Press the STOP/CLEAR and the If the supply to should interrupted, the ENJOY YOUR OVEN PRESS CLEAR AND PRESS CLOCK the reinstated. If this the The of STOP/CLEAR and the clock the of NOTE Microwave with the START and popcorn. Stop/Clear Press the STOP/CLEAR to: Stop the temporarily the of to the
cooking Microwave seconds the seconds the they both to cook Press cooking START Press START. To There increases the cooking which recommended foods such as and cooking of cook- or Press of High High Defrost Procedure of to Press defrosting Press or the appears. START Press START. the tone sound and END appear the If the food that to the Defrost chart or or below the the Amount the chart to manually. You food, or cooked, Follow the found To defrosting and Common or previously cooked food the of approximately pound. of the to or the that defrosted. If food the of the defrosting the defrosted. from the only enough to from the to microwave-safe Procedure
The that the and humidity) from the food as heats. The the cooking and foods and the of the cooking and the of the off with cloth or towel. The with foods would selection with More or More or food than the the chart should cooked following the microwave cookbook. the first of cooking or reheating, food appear the the or STOP/CLEAR this of the The of interrupted. If this appear. To the STOP/CLEAR and cook manually. the the from the food, of cooking appear. when cooking appears the At this or season food, as If the properly when popcorn, the off, and the of displayed. If the properly when cooking other foods, ERROR displayed. Follow the instructions. food If to cook manually. food cooking hint. Press when the HELP lighted the Covering foods cook when covered. the cover recommended the food charts. recommended loosely; allow inch to uncovered to allow to should food. completely; to If than least inch to cover. when covering to allow to from You cook or reheat foods fresh popcorn, and reheat and START You to cooking or to cook Press Press NOTES with or The to the food food heating. If to heat manually. Procedure
chart Food Amount Procedure Fresh Soft (flowerets) (whole) Corn beans with or and covered, the microwave. to which to with from and wrapped to Reheat or slightly than amount to reheated. with or covers such as or with of foods such as stews. reheating, Re-cover and allow to to should If to heat with and and washed. Cover with Press fresh once. covered, to tbsp. with cover Press fresh covered, to
You cook foods pressing the cook and the food You to cooking or to cook ground meat. Press Press cook ground meat. START Press START chart Food Amount Procedure Meat this to cook ground or as or to to other microwave-safe and cover with ground meat and cover with or wrap. turn or to Re-cover and START covered, to and of with or cover and to or Fish/Seafood around with with covered, this foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from and follow covering. covered to Cover with Breast with of that cooking too Re-cover and START. covered to should 160F. Procedure cook Water of or or NOTES with More or The to the food food heating. If to heat manually. the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food.
to with The the cooking and microwave foods shown the following charts. to heat of Press Press chart Food Amount Procedure this to reheat of 12-inch or of 16-inch If microwave-safe Press to of This restoring cool to and heating to Press once increase Microwave from and Follow of and/or Press and the Press START French sticks, from Follow to or cover. when from the as Press and the Press START French from outer Follow to or cover. when from the as Press and the Press START Procedure NOTES with More or Press the once or START food cooking hint. Press when the HELP lighted the Should to or than the allowed amount, appear the More or than the the chart should cooked following the microwave cookbook. The cooking to the food food If to cook manually.
chart Food Amount Procedure Meals allowing each, cover foods with towel. Press and the and START. rearrange, and START covered, to each with or Press and the Press to and START this foods. It satisfactory Meal You to and choose from wrapping and follow covering. Press and the Press START covered to
Reheat Reheat Breads The reheat the and heating and microwave foods shown the chart below. to heat fresh or Press reheat Press reheat Select reheat fresh or touching to increase START Press START Reheat Reheat Breads chart Food Amount Procedure Reheat this to reheat or with option. without the of cooked and with or Press reheat to of covered, to Breads this to items should as or cover with towel. or to the amount to the of muffin. Touch to increase and START this to items should as or cover with towel. Touch to increase and START Procedure NOTES To reheat foods or foods or below the allowed, operation. with More or
and the heating and microwave and foods shown the chart. to of Press Press once. Select food Press to Press START Press START chart Food Amount Procedure three chips. three Procedure DO NOT COVER. three Cover with tbsp. three NOTES To or other food or foods the the Chart, operation. with or
Other Defrost Defrost the foods found the Defrost chart below. to pound Press Press and the and Press START The START the food the the Turn and shield the Press START the the the Press START covered. Defrost chart Food Amount Procedure Ground Meat each covered, to Steaks/Chops/ each rearrange and there or shield with of meat or that defrosted. covered, to each rearrange or should they become or covered, to with each and shield the with covered, to At and covered, to Soup At and covered, to Procedure NOTES To other food or foods or below the allowed the Defrost chart, and Defrost with More or Press the once or START Press user when the HELP lighted the helpful hint. If to or than the amount as indicated the chart below, appear the foods when sections to thawing. START Shielding cooking from occurring the of the food defrosted. smooth of to cover and thinner sections of the food. START
allows to food Direct to of Press Press the START Press START The The and count KEEP WARM displayed the countdown. You with cooking to food continuously Procedure Other With cooking to cook of and the Press cooking Press Press the the and START Press START The operation the cooking tone sound and KEEP WARM appear the seconds and count NOTE with Other Features. Procedure
features that easy instructions the interactive CHILD LOCK The Child operation such as The that the deactivated or locked. To user the and then the START Should touched, CHILD LOCK ON appear the To and STOP/CLEAR AUDIBLE SIGNAL ELIMINATION If to the with the and STOP/CLEAR To and the the and START. AUTO START If to to cooking of follow this to cooking to the clock showing the of Press Press user Press the Press clock clock Procedure Press cooking Press START Press START NOTES cooking clock If the to the START to appear the that the cooking the chosen to choose foods that the the Acorn or often choice. LANGUAGE SELECTION The English and U.S. Customary Unit-pounds. To and the to the choice selected from the below. Then, START of Once English LB English KG Spanish LB Spanish KG French LB French KG Procedure
cooking to cooking switching from to another automatically. to and then to this automatically. to cook and then to cook Press cooking Press once cooking Press START Press START NOTE If selected as the to the Procedure More or Should that of the or Defrost slightly the once choice of or START The MORE Should that of the or Defrost slightly the choice of or START The LESS short-cut to to heat of Press Press The immediately and then off when finished. Seconds seconds to cooking seconds while the counting It seconds to the shown each the pressed. This as seconds of to START the immediately. cooking hint. If to whenever HELP lighted the Interactive these and other operation hints. Procedure
on-off to phone Press Press on-off on-off Press on-off The count To the the STOP/CLEAR once. NOTE on-off operates as and when the operating. Procedure Demonstration To clock the and then the START and three DEMO ON appear the operations and features with the seconds and the and count to END To clock the and STOP/CLEAR If the from the outlet and on-off
the cleaning or the to inactivate the cleaning. Clean the with and and with cloth. type of household or cleaner. the both with cloth to or to with cloth. the of and other cleaners as they or the Cleaners which specifically with Follow exactly. the of cleaners or as they or the with cloth slightly with only. with cloth. or of cleaners. and STOP/CLEAR Cleaning easy heat to the therefore, there and of or To the with cloth and DO NOT USE ABRASIVE OR HARSH CLEANERS OR SCOURING PADS. or thoroughly with The cleaned with and Cleaning Cover The cover from the cover to performance. with cloth food from the of the cover immediately they splashes overheat and or possibly catch fire. the cover. Occasionally, cooking the To grated and of and whole Allow to cool. with cloth. Turntable/Turntable The turntable and turntable easy cleaning. them cleanser and scouring They dishwasher-proof. of dishwasher. The turntable sealed, or should immediately.
Service Please the following service: of the and the securely. the HIGH If NO the to of the tions, please and/ or If they functioning CONTACT YOUR NEAREST ELECTROLUX AUTHORIZED SERVICER. should serviced do-it-yourself the light YES NO the cooling the C the the YES NO NOTE If appearing the counting Demonstration and YES NO
AC UL CSA phase 120V, AC AC Required: UL CSA "(W) "(H) "(D) "(W) "(H) "(D) Cavity Capacity: 27"(W) "(H) "(D) EI27MO45TK EI30MO45TK 30"(W) "(H) "(D) The International Commissions This capacity and holding food with by: FCC Communications Authorized. DHHS with of Health and Services (DHHS) CFR, Chapter I, J. This the the Inc. USA or EI7MO45GS EI30MO45GS Specifications
Warranty Information Microwave warranty Microwave protected this warranty FULL ONE YEAR One from WARRANTY chase UNLIMITED WARRANTY (Applicable to the State of the U.S.A. warranted Products North of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products North America servicer. warranted *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. NOTE: allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products North America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily IF YOU NEED SERVICE of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty Products: USA Products North America P.O. GA Warranty Through authorized servicers, The or of this which to of workmanship. of the of the warranties and the below apply. This warranty to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. to of light and/or with these features). Products North America boul. J5W 1T6 This warranty the of the U.S.A., and Product or tions as or illustrated to without warranties Products North of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. warranted Costs of service that NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER.* Costs of the technicians to the and and of the of service.