GB IE EOB
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
and Information of the Appliance using the the first the and Roasting Cleaning and If Something Technical Instructions the Instructions Building Guarantee/Customer Service to using the instructions instructions instructions and This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive); (EMC Directive); Directive); and
and Information these instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the to these user instructions and the accompanying information. These the of the users and those with them. them connecting and/or the The with the and regulations force. The operations the the instructions the the and connected with knowledge, who with the If to the supply of the these should Operation This cooking other the or the of cooking of the of which of the cook with the closed, when when using the The heat of the heating the shelves and other If should whatever reason to cook food the allow to with the of the cleaning the with the grease fitted), the heating and the thermostat If to of to this or to its specifications. the roasting and process, the and the other of the should from the to the that with or caught the to or of the
cleaning the from cleaning the the off or the that the the OFF when the used. This as or as with the phase to V. The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the People This It to allow children to or with Children should while the Also, switched the off, This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowl- them from the without or instruction to that they the Customer Service and/or repairs the service or service authorised the and to the the of malfunctions or Repairs or injury. The the or its that this to treated as household to the recycling of and The of this to the and health. and health incorrect information about recycling of this please town household service or the where purchased the
of the Appliance Function Thermostat On Roasting Thermostat Cooling Light Plate Shelf
Function The off. cooking The heat from both the top and heating the heating The heat from the of the only. Top heating The heat from the top section). It The The light when the function Thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and 250C. The the of with acoustic The Turn the to the then back to the The the operation,
Thermostat The thermostat when the thermostat turned. The the reached. It then and off to the Thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the supply. The switches back automatically, when the Should the thermostat the the first both and the the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused the Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to Allow the to This should repeated with the function approximately to incorrect of the enough to the the cooled the other hand, the thermostat of please Customer Service. The Cooling The with cooling to the front the and the cool.The switches when the activated. through the near the The switches off when, the function to OFF Then the cool Then cloth with and and this to the cavity. the first the as To the the the
the The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the which the shelf food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the every cooking process. cook with the closed, when clear when the allow it to the the The four and with shelf. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. The shelf allows the heat distribution. To increase the shelf To increase top browning, the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or non-stick increase browning, while or polished
the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and occur.When using this heat from both the top and This allows to cook and which such as and Gratins, and which top cook the to the Turn the function to the cooking function Turn the thermostat to the Top This function finishing cooked dishes, shepherds This function when It to off or to the cooked through. The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function.
The heat to the of the the cooking to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. and The shelf allows the heat To increase the To increase top browning, the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning, while glassware, or polished the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and On and (150C-200C) and therefore to preheat the about the of the Shortcrust or to of the and then garnished This further the type and amount of or with from the The would too If with or the the free the trays. If with or the the the and turned around about of the On than when roasting. which to the or roasted higher (200C-250C). White meat, and the other hand, (150C-175C). The or should to the roasting right the the cooking them the You to whether the meat cooked:
depressed, cooked through. and which to roasted higher If cooking meat directly the shelf, the roasting the below to catch the the to least that the meat To reduce the of the recommended to the roasting To The plates the the with and roasting or the as otherwise the the heat build-up. to the and amounts of the the of first cooking or roasting to of the dishes. Based to the the
and Roasting include pre-heating. The should pre-heated TYPE OF DISH CAKES Shortbread cake cake Apple (Apple cake cake cake cake cake Christmas cake cake cake Meringues Pastry: Choux 2or Plate 1or2 cake BREAD AND PIZZA White FLANS Yorkshire MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream fish/Salmon C NOTES
include pre-heating. The should pre-heated TYPE OF DISH (breast) Preheat Toast The The to to
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and cool The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. carrying cleaning operation, the from the supply. To to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with cleaners. the and with cloth. If there or The and highly The action of (from or however rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the of the Clean the thoroughly every This the to off. It burnt Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Harsh should Cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to
The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. Cleaning the The consists of of The and the to cleaning the cleaning The to the internal of when the assembled. To as follows. the the and the the the the and COMPLETELY the from its seat
the protected cloth to the from aged; release the locking to the internal of the and them from their and off the Clean the with and cloth. products such as scouring or they the heat-reflecting of the internal of cleaning, reassemble the the and then the follow- the the correctly. To this correctly, as follows: the internal with the reas- that the screen-printing facing outwards. The of the of roughness near the when the
The internal of back the right as shown the of reassembled the the to they locked. the when as the shatter. If scratches or cracks noted the of the the authorised Assistance the or It to the and or only with with cloth cleaning. or products as they the to the around the operation. the of this periodically. If to cleaned, or If that the service and the repaired.
The Light the If the replacing, with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the isolated from the supply. and the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply.
If Something If the correctly, please the following contacting the Service PROBLEM The switching The light The light It too to cook the or they cook too quickly. Steam and the food and the cavity. SOLUTION that both cookingfunction and selected or whether the correctly connected and the switch or the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat or Select function with the function Select with the thermostat or the light and it necessary the Light"). The or Following the these instructions, the section the the cooking completed, the the than
Technical Heating Top heating light Cooling rating of the Height top Height capacity
Instructions the The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED. The to the to the comply to the specifications below. UK type butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth the and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Instructions Building functioning of the built- the or the which the built with the force, which the shock protection of and insulated such that they without tools. These include the fixing of the or of of built-in The shock protection the building of the The with its back or higher or walls. other or of the height as the the other A) Instructions building functioning of the built- the or the which the built B- C). the to the the the to the the four which exactly the the and then the four screws provided. C
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase
Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
EOB21001
www.electrolux.co.uk R.A