EX-22F-UK Microwave EMS17206
EX-22F-UK thinking of when this
EX-22F-UK Covers:New GB to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the this to this and using and the from that
EX-22F-UK Covers:New GB information Product first charts cleaning Troubleshooting Specification information Customer service
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English instructions: reference To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and These and from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. information To popcorn, microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this To the of Warning: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of cover which protection to microwave
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions cleaning, to the to of the that the of the and possibly Individuals with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and Warning: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving wide-mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their and whole should heated microwave they cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the to them burning themselves. To Warning: allow to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they information Other the This food and only cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when empty. or heating heat- such as to to the and to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and the the turntable and the turntable this the without the To the from cleaning the turntable with the turntable to cool. foods or foods or the outer operation.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of microwave or malfunction.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Product cover cavity Seal and Fixing cover Rear supply supply
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English The or light each to the instruction. flashing, the the or the operation. Turn Microwave TIMER/WEIGHT MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL AUTO PROGRAMMES Press to of the START/+30 STOP DOOR OPENING
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Accessories to the following provided: Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown) the the the of the cavity. Then the the turntable To turntable or clear of the when them from the please items: and to or Service Force
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English first operation the The flash: Press the STOP the To the clock, below. the STOP the STOP to: the temporarily the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once appear the To the hour clock to Choose the clock function. hour clock). and seconds Choose the hour clock. the hours. the TIMER/ WEIGHT the hour Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to from hours to the the TIMER/ WEIGHT the displayed Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to the clock.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Notes: You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to interrupted, the the reinstated. If this the The of to the of follow the Microwave cooking Microwaves waves, to those TV and microwave which directed the cavity To food and grease the protected the cover. Microwaves through of this the cavity of and there the cooking the microwaves bounce off the of the cavity Microwaves through such as and plastic, to heat the food. To cook/defrost food microwave the microwave to through the to the food. Therefore to choose cookware. operation Round/oval to ones, as the food the corners to of cookware as and food microwaves which them to This heat friction, the when them together. The of the food heated the then the heat to the as It to turn, rearrange or food to heating. Once the microwaves. necessary as the heat to throughout the food. Microwaves cook food than It therefore that to of the following to those
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Food characteristics high or Christmas heating should as overheating to fire. Food the amount of cooking needed. Light foods, such as cakes or cook than heavy, foods, such as roasts and Quantity The cooking increased as the amount of food the increases. four to cook than foods and cook than ones, as microwaves from to the cooking the the which such as breasts or to cook the thicker Round cook than when The of food affects the amount of cooking of food Chilled foods to cook than food foods with doughnuts, to release heat or the thickest of food the of the or with shell, or cooking or reheating as and food to should heated using microwave as they cooking poached, fried, boiled. cooking to and rearrange food rearrange and rearrange from the the cooking to the heat to throughout the food. of food become shielded with of which microwaves, and
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Browning than cooking food brownness, although this to the brownness and through to appetising the they as seasoning the following might browning and of the to which might them. Browning Poultry the with the with Meat and with the Worcestershire with the roasted items dishes, toasted of or onions items, or onions top top of icing, honey and or to food thermometer to Once cooked, and every internal which the cooking switched off and the food cooked. The ascertained with food thermometer. The specified the food the of o C Heating (Coffee, o C Heating o C Heating o C Heating o C o C Poultry o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English operation Microwave of to shield food from overheating. least from the walls, as arcing recommended specified the follow instructions Browning follow the instructions. Dishes heating as these become Porcelain, pottery, earthenware and bone those with should as or crack heated It recommended to cookware when microwave as which to fire. Plastic/Polystyrene as or food high Should the food and to the to Roasting or as they or catch fire to the arcing. plates or to as overheating fire. the when these as overheating fire. Recycled of which newspaper arcing and to fire.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating, soup, food, cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat (Defrost to this to that the evenly. This and cooking defrosting, or To the microwave the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. If MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL touched once, displayed. If touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL reach the If the selected, the
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English to The input of cooking from seconds to It the of the cooking (defrosting) as shown the Increasing seconds seconds to heat and seconds microwave the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise. Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL Press the START/+30 once to the Notes: the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/+30 pressed. If to know the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. You the TIMER/ WEIGHT clockwise or counter-clockwise. If the counter-clockwise, the cooking from
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Other cooking of input, consisting of cooking and To cook: the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once. operation the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL four Press the START/+30 once to the (The to cook W, and then W.)
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English seconds function The START/+30 allows to the following Direct You directly cooking microwave seconds the START/+30 To the the START/+30 only within the operation, closing the the STOP or cooking the cooking You the cooking cooking of seconds the while the operation. To the To the microwave the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. The to count although the shows the function To the function Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The To the function Press and the STOP seconds. The the of the input the STOP
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English operation The AUTO PROGRAMMES function the cooking and You choose from AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST What to when this function: Press the AUTO PROGRAMMES once. The chosen the AUTO PROGRAMMES the displayed. AUTO PROGRAMMES charts. To the AUTO PROGRAMMES least If the appear the The holding the AUTO PROGRAMMES The or of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT the weight displayed. the of the food only. include the weight of the food or than the chart, follow the cooking charts To cooking START/+30 action to food the and the sound, the cooking and flash the To the START/+30 button. The to the food If necessary, the cooking and the To cook Gratin weighing AUTO COOK (AC-7). Select the the AUTO PROGRAMMES the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise. Press the START/+30 button. the
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts charts chart Autocook (increasing Procedure AC-1 and -18C) as and necessary.) sprouts, with beans, peas, the sounds, and re-cover. If compacted together, cook manually. AC-2 20C) or and and as necessary). Cover with the sounds, and re-cover. AC-3 to microwave- Ready -18C) Meals and recommended type the If the instructs to Cover with without cover the the Chinese instructs. amount the sounds, with and re-cover. and AC-4 the from the Gratin -18C) If the Shallow, microwave gratin, and microwave to or microwave and with microwave If the microwave cover and cover with
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Autocook (increasing Procedure AC-5 the 20C) and them Choose of and them. the or the amount of and Cover with the sounds, and re-cover. the AC-6 with with 5C, 20C) Gratin of AC-7 Gratin Gratin 20C) Gratin of chart (increasing Procedure Defrost the food the and Chops -18C) of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with of thoroughly defrosted. Defrost the of minced meat Minced Meat -18C) the of the the sounds, the food the defrosting cover with thoroughly defrosted. charts
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts (increasing Procedure Defrost the the Poultry -18C) of the the sounds, below.) and shield thin and with of defrosting, with cover with and thoroughly defrosted. Finally the Defrost from the -18C) directly the or Plate the of the the each and defrosted. Defrost Distribute the -18C) of the directly the the sounds, recommended this and defrosting cover with and thoroughly Defrost and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the with of The should immediately defrosting. topped and coated with to the the to from the immediately and
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English AC-6 AC-7 with (AC-6) with onion (finely chopped) with (AC-6) with curry (sliced) curry Gratin (AC-7) or (to grease the (defrosted, onion (finely chopped) (sliced) cooked grated charts Preparation the the round with the thin the and with the the with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (AC-6), with Preparation the round with the thin the and with the and the ready- the with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (AC-6), with Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the layers of and the The top should the with and and the gratin. the with the grated with and cook AUTO COOK (AC-7) Gratin.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts Gratin (AC-7) (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) (diced) sunflower charts Heating food Quantity Coffee cover cover Water cover cover cover the meat trimmings) cover, through heating Soup cover, heating cover, through the heating Meat, thinly the top, cover food, microwavable heating and the cover or from to from Preparation Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the gratin. Crumble the and the gratin. Finally the with sunflower and and cook AUTO COOK (AC-7) Gratin.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Defrosting cooking Food Quantity cover One cover, cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking Defrosting Food Quantity meat through defrosting Goulash through defrosting to each other, through defrosting through defrosting turn through defrosting partially evenly, through The shown the which to and of the charts
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts meat, fresh Food Quantity Roasts season to shallow season to season to season to shallow through cooking season to cover, cooking Peas cover, cooking cover, cooking of cover, cooking the this the of otherwise stated. the microwave If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as and microwave without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with Capacity) onion, finely chopped meat or with capacity) or onion, finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped with capacity) chopped fromage grated cooked or or to grease the You and this the and the the cover and cook. the the the and to and the Season with and cover and cook. the with the the soup. Heat the Grease the with the the meat and onion the cover and cook. once the white and cover and occasionally. the Garnish with parsley. the with the and fromage season to of the top of each of cooked and Spear the with to to this the and and heat. the and to to the and whisk thick. and the the greased the of the and cover with
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with capacity) with chopped onion, finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced grated chopped to grease the grated with capacity) garlic, crushed onion, hearts, Chop the with the and onion, garlic, minced and puree. Season, cover and cook. the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the with about of the of the minced meat the and of the top another of the minced meat and finishing with the top. Finally, the with and with with the the and the the the hearts, and season with the cover and cook, once. the the hearts and cook. Season the to with and the with meat dishes. cold, consists of: of parsley, bunch of seasoning soup, of of
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Shallow, with microwave whole parsley, chopped white or with with capacity) with capacity) washed and washed and washed and white cornflour You the and bones. the and the thin Grease the with the the and with the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the and cook. This or of the to the of the with the white cover and heat. the and the the then and the the the the and to To the the the other the and the this the with the and the Cover and cook, cooking and the Turn the plate and with the the the
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English cleaning cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE ANY FOOD DEPOSITS. to the to of the that the of the and possibly The of easily cleaned with and that the wiped off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. using amounts of of or cleaner. cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth that or the the which to the type cleaners the Turntable turntable the turntable and from the the turntable and turntable with cloth. Both the and the turntable dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. should used.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Troubleshooting Symptom the microwave that properly? the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the START/+30 pressed. the that the correctly connected to the the the food the of the turntable from there nothing the beneath the the microwave switch off? the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light trained Service Force technician. the food to heat cooking nearly through and cook than or the food than or from to or higher If cook the food the with W, the of the to overheating. Reduced Microwave Microwave troubleshooting (The microwave reduced to W). seconds,
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Specifications AC AC required: Microwave Microwave Microwave Cavity Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the intentionally the of the heat treatment of food. Class that the to and height. holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English the and of This to high as high Unscrew and the from the of the There and foot. the with those the accessory the foot. If the microwave then the the to the internal width of the back the protective the and to the of the that covers the service below). Service the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the the with the screws provided. The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this operation and the or instructions.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English of the If the or C: The of (E) the and directly This tested and and induction only. and should allowed to overheating of microwave surrounding and the without when the should when to the microwave while the Chimney C Chimney B+C
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Connecting the to the supply The should readily that the easily The should the The the (A). connecting the to (A) should from the item and routed the the to phase V/50 correctly earth If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The supply (A) of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home.
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information of and microwave effective to them the used. or styrofoam) of suffocation. from and The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC- free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the information The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English service Customer service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Troubleshooting. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another service The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
EX-22F-UK English:NEW BASE_English www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
EX-22F-UK Covers:New
EX-22F-UK Covers:New www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk TINS-A493URR0