USER MANUAL EMM1100
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the cover this to this and and the from that
information Product Operation charts and and cleaning Technical information The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
information The built-in interlock switches the microwave from operating when the with them, or to the with the as to allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. It that the properly and that there to the: (warped), and latches or and Warning: If the hinges/latches or the microwave operated repaired authorized service Warning: It factory trained service to service or to this authorised service service should required. information the outer or Doing to high or this with instructions found this the its as this chemicals this This type of specifically to heat, cook, or It or laboratory neither as this the the empty. If food or to the microwave the this this to clothing or newspapers the microwave These items the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when Microwave ISM which intentionally and the of the treatment of This Class establishments and directly connected to supply network which buildings
information The microwave tested Warning: If switch off or the and the closed to Warning: allow or infirm to the microwave, without when instructions that the or infirm to the microwave and the of It to around the or to the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely. force the turntable to hand. This malfunctioning. Arcing the operation from of however, the Stop the and the should to located the top, rear, and of the this This only. the that the free from or reported immediately to the The of the or the wrapped protection If this the that with This and heat- glassware the microwave Although microwave heat and items, these become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended.
and of and cooking and to and choose and each cooking The below of operation Microwave Corning YES Heat YES*1 Lead NO Without YES Pottery*2 YES YES NO YES YES YES NO NO Turntable YES YES: and to NO: and to there containing shielding with Microwave heat-proof wear information NO YES
information Testing of cookware should to they Microwave the the microwave with of Heat If the cookware should If slightly reheating If the microwave towels, and with food to and the of overheating or ignition. dishes, and wraps the microwave Follow instructions when using plastics the with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. and from to when heating or cooking food plastic, or other and with should the microwave specifically recommended with restricted such as bottles, should when or from to burns. to reheat foods the following should than used. The least two-thirds of food. Empty used. should the microwave and should allowed to the If or cooking the should should re-used the microwave If the microwave or allow to cool The and become when from the It to cloth or when when that the reheating or cooking than to, that the food
Food heat food the microwave the food to should the the the or specifically this This cooking should foods with or to build- and bursting. and of items that should The of feeding bottles and food to or and the to to burns. Warning: or other foods heated sealed they to Warning: Microwave heating of therefore when the information Warning: heating and microwave overheating the without of This of the To this the following should straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow the the Warning: products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover.
Product
Turntable turntable Turntable the the cavity the top of the turntable as shown the that turntable securely locked the turntable the Both turntable and food and of food this turntable This turntable rotates clockwise and anticlockwise; this
Microwave the the food the the the turning the the cook turning the The At the of this function heard to the of the Microwave 100W Defrost; Thawing foods. 196W 330W 460W 600W Completing the cooking of and stews. or cheesecakes. defrosting and reheating and stews. and Reheat; Reheating foods. Roasting of meat and or reheating Preheating To the There to the whilst the Turn the to You the closing the and further of
Defrost defrosting the To the the food the the the turning the the cook turning the The To the defrosting of foods the and then reduced to defrosting At the of this function heard to the of the Defrosting It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the defrosting food as as or food than that which this allow thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting or such as shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely
charts charts defrosting Defrost Food Preparation microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting from Cheesecake (cooked) from Soft Plated It to and cooked microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting from from If wrapped, from wrapper and with plate or P.V.C. To reheat, microwave
and the and to the and the of the Preferably round or with when cooking microwave or and warped food. the food when plate or greaseproof Pastry, and the defrosted directly or towel. If food heated the should containing or specifically recommended the microwave. and of to cover that easily cook such as Food with or should with and the microwave as they thick to the of the and to the food to the food the of the The food cooked or cooking than indicated to The the amount of food the or and than Season Allow the switched off to and cooking food throughout potholders or when and food from the Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or of high seconds. the Juice they heated high seconds easily cooked the with to Follow food hints and
and cleaning and cleaning The clean. of food from or attract microwave causing to burn This reduce the of the and to with or or repairs to of the Repairs should only service technician. the off or the cleaning. Cleaning the and Clean them with them the cavity. Turntable should The of the and turntable them immediately Cleaning the the of the clean. and food immediately. that allowed to the walls, and microwave reduce the efficiency of the and possibly the and cloth to from the of the the of the cloth only, should near the cleaners, cleaners or of the microwave To of the microwave or or to from the To from the interior, of of Cleaning the and food immediately. that allowed to the reduce the efficiency of the and possibly the You and cloth to from the
Cleaning the the when cleaning the This the from turned You should clean of the with and with clear to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. cleaners, scouring or chemicals of To to the allow to Technical height Cavity Cavity height 230V, 920W Microwave 600W technical
from the The should The enough to bear the of the and the To the of causing or the the from heat and to heat and and to malfunctioning, to the from heat and the top and the of the and the top of the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the the as from and as This to EEC of interference interference it too to or TV, them as as If corner, of least from the and the microwave. The anywhere the the and that as as the the Connecting to the The with the and 230V, earthed Earth protection the should to the of the matches the supply. If the connected to the cord, the earthed. This non-earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply.
This earthed. If this with rewireable which the should off and the fitted. If to the non-rewireable the cover If the cover or the obtained. WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to please service force.
information information The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Service Service service Demonstration Installation, Nous service dachat). influences force o o o
www.electrolux.ch www.electrolux.hu www.electrolux.pl www.electrolux.ro www.electrolux.ru www.electrolux.si