USER MANUAL EMS2840 English
English EMS2840 Technical instructions Testing of Food Instructions when with and Unpacking to microwave and function of Turntable the Clock Child To Stop the Switching the off Microwave Microwave cooking with Combination Defrost Reheat Charts with with Microwave and Defrost Chart Defrost Chart Microwave and cleaning Cleaning the (turntable and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Conditions
English EMS2840 Congratulations the purchase of Microwave Thank chosen that and that of to with to learn the and features, with this become to Microwave through the instruction that the from Microwave the following instructions prepared. Please them It that this instruction retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or house and the that the with the or that the with the functioning of the and the Please the whole instruction the and that follow the Height 230V, Cavity 2800W Height 900W Technical 1300W
English EMS2840 instructions. READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR FUTURE REFERENCE The built-in interlock switches the microwave from operating when the with them, or to the with the as to allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. It that the properly and that there to the: (warped), and or and WARNING If the hinges/latches or the microwave operated repaired authorized service WARNING It factory trained service to service or to this authorised service service should required. the outer or Doing to high or this with instructions found this the its as this chemicals this This type of specifically to heat, cook, or food. It or laboratory neither as this the the empty. If food or to the microwave the this this to clothing or newspapers the microwave These items the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when The of high when the WARNING If switch off or the and the closed to WARNING allow or that microwave and heat-resistant glass-ware the micro-wave Although microwave heat and items, these become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. Testing of cookware should to they Microwave the cookware the with of Heat (900W) If the cookware should If slightly reheating If the microwave infirm to the microwave, without when instructions that the child or infirm to the and the of
English EMS2840 towels, and with food to and the of overheating or ignition. dishes, and wraps the Follow instructions when using plastics the with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. and from to when heating or cooking food plastic, or other and with should the microwave specifically recommended microwave with restricted such as bottles, should microwave when or cover from to burns. Shallow to reheat foods the following should than used. The least two-thirds of food. Empty used. should the and should allowed to the If turntable or cooking the should should re-used the If the microwave or allow to using The and become when from the It to cloth or when when using that the reheating or cooking than that the food Food heat food the microwave the food to should the microwave the the or specifically this This cooking should foods with or to build-up and bursting. and of items that should pierced. The of feeding bottles and food to or and the to to burns. WARNING or other foods WARNING Microwave heating of WARNING heating heated sealed they to therefore when the and microwave overheating the without of This of the To this the following should
English EMS2840 straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow to the the WARNING products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover. It to around the or to the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely. force the turntable to hand. This malfunctioning. Arcing the microwave usually from of Continuous however, the the and the should to located the top, rear, and of the WARNING this purposes.This only. instructions when cooking with The to when and the the to burn yourself. The turn- and to when them. the or outer with when or the The of the and when food the the turntable or or to cool them items top of the The top of the the heat. Preheat when the when using microwave or (Microwave and Warning the Children should only the to the these instructions!
English EMS2840 from the The should The enough to bear the of the and the To the of causing or the the from heat and to heat and efficiency and to malfunctioning, to the from heat and the top and the of the and the top of the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the the as from and as This to EEC of interference interference too to or TV, them as as If corner, of least from the and the microwave. IMPORTANT! The anywhere the the and that as as the the Connecting to the The with the and 230V, earthed Earth protection the should to the of the matches the supply. N.B. If the to the cord, the earthed. This earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. This earthed. If this with non-rewireable which the its service or to If the supply the its service or to
English EMS2840 and of and cooking microwave and to and choose and each cooking The below of operation Microwave Combination Corning YES YES YES Heat with NO NO NO Lead NO NO NO Without YES YES NO Pottery*2 YES YES YES Microwave YES NO NO heat-proof wear YES NO NO NO YES NO YES YES YES YES NO NO YES NO NO NO NO NO NO YES YES Turntable YES YES YES Accessories Turntable YES YES YES YES: and to NO: and to there containing NOTE: shielding arcing. N.B. the that the free from or immediately to the The of the or the wrapped protection If this the that with This YES*1 YES YES*1
English EMS2840 to microwave and function of Turntable the the Food while the microwave operation. The closed while Latch and Interlock Turntable and browning/grilling. the turntable the cavity the top of the turntable as shown the that securely the turntable the turntable Both and food and of food this This turntable rotates clockwise and anticlockwise; this Turntable Turntable
English EMS2840 To and of Clock To the of To the Microwave Stop/Clear To or Microwave Used to cooking To microwave Defrost Used to Defrost Used to Reheat Used to or Combination Microwave
English EMS2840 the first or when the and This or to the Clock once, to the clock To Touch the Clock the to the Touch the Clock the to the Touch the Clock (The NOTE It to the the the Clock (the seconds). This which the of the child. the of the microwave the child To Touch the Stop/Clear and the Clock the appear the To the lock, the Stop/Clear and the Clock the There to the whilst Press the Stop/Clear You the the Pressing Stop/Clear the the You the closing the and the Pressing Stop/Clear the the Clock Child To the
English EMS2840 This which allows to off the this turn off the which when button, this the which the of To Touch the Stop/Clear and the the OFF appear the To the Stop/Clear and the the Pressing the allows to microwave (900W) seconds. the increase the cooking seconds. Microwave 100W foods 180W foods. 300W or cheesecakes. and stews. 450W 600W 900W or reheating Preheating Switching the Completing the cooking of and stews. cakes and Reheating of and stews.. Reheating pre-cooked foods. Roasting of meat and poultry.
EMS2840 English the the food the the Press the the reached. the turning the Press (The To cook 450W Touch the should showing the Turn the should showing the Press The the the food the Press The once. the turning the the Press (The To off the the Stop/Clear To cook with Touch the Turn the Should showing the Press The You should preheat the To preheat the should the as Microwave To turn off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. With to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. You or burning when the first this and that the To this when the first heat the without food
English EMS2840 This offers choice three cooking with combined and Microwave the the food the Press The the of Microwave and reached. the turning the the then (The To cook with and 450W microwave the Touch the Turn the Should showing the the then The You to preheat the Microwave and Combination Press Microwave 600W 450W 300W Combination To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave.
English EMS2840 the the food the Press the Defrost the reached. Turn the the reached. the Press (The NOTE Defrost the the and defrosting The and/or through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to Selection Chart Press Portion Meat Once Poultry Three Defrost the only when heard the or turn the food, the and to defrosting. To of the Touch the Turn the showing the the then The Defrost Chart further to Defrosting manually selecting 180W To the defrosting of foods the 900W then reduced to (180W) defrosting Defrost NOTE Table To off the the Stop/Clear NOTE to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds The through to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting. The through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting. The through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting.
English EMS2840 This to ReHeat Chilled Ready and the the food the Press the Reheat the reached. Turn the the reached. the NOTE AUTO COOK the the microwave and cooking Selection Chart Press Portion Once Chilled Ready Meals Three To cook of the Touch the Turn the showing the the then The Chart further Reheat Press (The NOTE Below To off the the Stop/Clear NOTE to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave.
English EMS2840 cooking with foods should the with to catch food or to cleaning. Turn food through the cooking Food QTY. Toast Toast to toast. with cooking with Microwave and Selector Food QTY (Boned) Chops with Season with and Charts Microwave with Season with and Allow with Season with and with Season with and
English EMS2840 Defrost foods such as and manually this (180W). Defrost FOOD PREPARATION microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting and from from (cooked) from from If wrapped, from wrapper and plate Soft shallow Soft Plated with or P.V.C. To reheat, microwave It to and cooked (900W) Defrosting It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the food as as or defrosting. food than that which this allow easy thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting or such as wing shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely defrosted STANDING TIME
English EMS2840 Reheat Chart Press Chilled Ready Meal Once Three meat with the cleaning and them with when cooking and the with and them with and them the with the Turn the plate and cover with This the consisting of and or cooking once when the the Turn as as the
English EMS2840 Defrost Chart Meat Poultry the with Turn the meat when the This minced the and with Turn the when the This whole as as the of whole with Turn the when the This whole as as of and turn as as the cake and as as the operating and when the This of or whole, as as and This of yeast cake and It and as as cake with
English EMS2840 Microwave Microwave the and to clean the and the of the round or with when cooking or and warped food. Cover the food when plate or grease Pastry, and the directly or towel. If food heated its the should containing or specifically recommended the microwave. and of to cover that easily cook such as Food with or should with and the microwave as they thick to the of the and to the food to the food the of the The food cooked or shorter cooking than indicated to The the amount of food the or and than Season Allow the switched off to and cooking food throughout or when and food from the Honey If of honey which crystallised, and the the microwave Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or of high seconds. the they heated high seconds easily cooked the with to Follow food
English EMS2840 The clean. of food from or attract causing to burn This reduce the of the and to with or or repairs to of the Repairs should service technician. the from the electricity supply cleaning. :DUQLQJ)DLOXUHWRPDLQWDLQWKHRYHQLQDFOHDQFRQGLWLRQFRXOGOHDGWRGHWHULRUDWLRQRIWKH VLWXDWLRQ Cleaning the and Clean them with them from the cavity. The turntable should CAUTION: The of the and them immediately the of the clean. and food immediately. that to the walls, and microwave reduce the efficiency of the and possibly the and cloth to NEVER USE ABRASIVE CLEANERS, COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS OR STEEL WOOL PADS ON ANY PART OF THE MICROWAVE OVEN. To of the microwave or NEVER USE KNIFE OR ANY UTENSIL TO REMOVE DEPOSITS FROM OVEN SURFACES. To from the interior, of of The sealed. Nevertheless, to the the when the of the cleaned. The with or while the the cavity cools and off the of the the and the when cleaning the This the from turned You should clean of the with and with clear to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. cleaners, scouring or chemicals of To to the allow to and cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
English EMS2840 offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised ELECTROLUX the right to the of the customers of or ELECTROLUX The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of ELECTROLUX. The rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The account regulations country please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS