English USER MANUAL EMS2340
EMS2340 English microwave Technical instructions Instructions when with Testing of cookware Food and Started Connecting to the to microwave and function of Turntable Microwave cooking Defrosting 80W Microwave with with Microwave and (Combination) Defrost Child Charts with with Microwave and Defrosting instructions 80W Microwave and cleaning Cleaning the and Cleaning the Cleaning the Conditions
EMS2340 English Thank chosen that microwave useful and that of to with it to learn the and features, with this become to Microwave through the instruction that the from Microwave the following instructions Please them It that this instruction retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or house and the that the with the or that the with the functioning of the and the Please the whole instruction the and that follow the 230V, 10A 1280W 800W 1200W Technical
EMS2340 English The built-in interlock switches the from operating when the with them, or to the with the as operation to microwave allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. the repaired service It that the properly and that there to the: (warped), and or and should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force the or Doing to high or this with INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS found this the its as this chemicals this This type of specifically to heat, cook, or food. It or laboratory neither as this the the empty. If food or to the the when the this this to clothing or newspapers the These items the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when Instructions and heat-resistant glassware the microwave Although microwave heat and items, these become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. instructions when cooking The to when and the the to yourself. The turntable and to when them. the or with when or the The of the and when food the the turntable or or to cool them items top of the The top of the anything the heat. It to around the or to the or around the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely.
EMS2340 English Testing of cookware Food the the microwave with of Heat If the cookware should If slightly reheating If the microwave towels, and with food to and the of overheating. dishes, and wraps the Follow instructions when plastics the using with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. and from to when heating or cooking food plastic, or other If closed, switch the off or and with should the specifically recommended with restricted such as bottles, should microwave when or cover from to burns. heat food the microwave the food to should the the the microwave or specifically this This cooking should foods with or to build-up and and of items that should pierced. WARNING: heating and overheating the without of This of the To this the following should straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow to the the products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover. NOTE: force the to hand. This malfunctioning. Arcing the microwave operation usually from of arcing, however, the Stop the and the should to located the top, rear, and of the this This only. these instructions
EMS2340 English and of and cooking microwave and to and choose and each cooking The below of Microwave Combination Corning YES YES YES Heat with NO NO NO Lead NO NO NO Without YES YES NO Pottery*2 YES YES YES Microwave YES NO NO heat-proof wear YES NO YES NO YES YES YES YES NO NO YES NO NO NO NO NO NO YES YES Turntable YES YES YES Turntable YES YES YES YES: and to NO: and to there containing NOTE: shielding YES*1 YES YES*1
EMS2340 English Unpacking N.B. the that the free from or immediately to the The of the or the wrapped protection If this the that with This from the the The enough to bear the weight of the and the To the of causing or the the from heat and to heat and and to malfunctioning, to the from heat and the top and the of the and the top of the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the the as from and as This to EEC of interference interference too to or TV, them as as If corner, of least from the to The anywhere the the and that as as the the This conforms to the of EEC Interference Directive 87/308/EEC. GETTING STARTED Connecting to the The with the and 230V, earthed Earth protection the should short-circuit to the of the matches the supply. N.B. If the connected to the cord, the earthed. WARNING! This non-earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. This earthed. If this with non-rewireable which the should off and the fitted. If to the non-rewireable the cover If the cover or the obtained. WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of
EMS2340 English to microwave and function of Turntable the using the Food while the operation. The closed while interlock Turntable. of heat-resistant Food this the without the Turntable the the of the cooking chamber to the Rack. the the cavity the turntable top of the turntable as shown the that turntable securely locked the the turntable Both turntable and food and of food this turntable This rotates clockwise and anticlockwise; this Turntable Turntable
EMS2340 English CONTROL PANEL To or To microwave Stop/Clear To or Microwave To the Press Press Press three C1 Press four C2 To the increases from To the or to INOX If microwave displays this then with cavity. If microwave this then White Painted cavity.
EMS2340 English the the food the the Press the the reached.(See below.) the turning the clockwise. Press (The To cook (400W) Touch the three should showing the Turn the shown the Press The (without operating the Defrost 80W. To the defrosting of foods the 800W then reduced to 80W defrosting To (80W) Touch the should showing the Turn the shown the Press The Microwave 80W Defrost; foods. 240W Completing the cooking of and stews. custards or cheesecakes. 400W defrosting and reheating and stews. cakes and 560W Reheating pre-cooked foods. Roasting of meat and poultry. 800W or reheating Preheating MICROWAVE COOKING To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. The microwave from to Defrosting
EMS2340 English the the food the the Press the the reached. the turning the clockwise. Press (The To cook (1000W) Touch the once should showing the Turn the shown the Press The with Microwave and (Combination) the the food the the Press the the reached. the turning the clockwise. Press (The To cook Microwave and C Touch the C should showing the Turn the shown the Press The With To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. Pressing the once the to To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. Pressing the C1 and Pressing the the to Pressing the C2 microwave and
EMS2340 English the the food the the the turning the clockwise. The Press (The defrosting.) NOTE Defrost the the microwave and NOTE The Defrost If to item of food which than this, then recommended that the item or of If the item then should this microwave. To of food. Turn the clockwise shown the Press The defrosting. Defrosting It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the defrosting food as as or food than that which this allow easy thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting or such as wing shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely defrosted This which the of the child. the of the the child To Press the Stop/Clear three should appear the NOTE To the child the process. Defrost To off the the Stop/Clear NOTE to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. Child
EMS2340 English cooking with foods should the with to catch food or to cleaning. Turn food through the Food QTY. Toast Toast to toast. with cooking with Microwave and roasting turntable and shield thin and the turn- the to catch food and Turn food, as the cooking Selector Food QTY C (Boned) Chops C C C with Season C with and C Charts Microwave only 800W C C C with Season with and Allow with Season with and with Season with and
EMS2340 English Defrosting instructions 80W foods such as and manually using this STANDING FOOD PREPARATION (80W) microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting and from from (cooked) from from If wrapped, from wrapper and Soft shallow Soft Plated with or P.V.C. To reheat, microwave It to and cooked (800W) TIME
EMS2340 English Microwave Microwave the and to clean the and the of the Preferably round or with when cooking or and warped food. Cover the food when or grease Pastry, and the defrosted directly or towel. If food heated its the should containing or specifically recommended the microwave. and of to cover that easily cook such as Food with or should with and the microwave as they thick to the of the and to the food to the food the of the The food cooked or shorter cooking than indicated to The the amount of food the or and than Season Allow the switched off to and cooking food throughout or when and food from the Honey If of which crystallised, and the the microwave Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or of high seconds. the Juice they heated high seconds easily cooked the with to Follow food
EMS2340 English The clean. of food from or attract microwave causing to burn This reduce the of the and to with or or repairs to of the Repairs should service technician. the disconnected from the electricity supply cleaning. Cleaning the and Clean them with them from the cavity. The should CAUTION: The of the and them immediately the of the clean. and food immediately. that allowed to the walls, and microwave reduce the efficiency of the and possibly the interior. and cloth to NEVER USE ABRASIVE CLEANERS, COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS OR STEEL WOOL PADS ON ANY PART OF THE MICROWAVE OVEN. To of the or NEVER USE KNIFE OR ANY UTENSIL TO REMOVE DEPOSITS FROM OVEN SURFACES. To from the interior, of of the when cleaning the This the from turned You should of the with and followed with clear to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. cleaners, scouring or chemicals of To to the allow to and cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the
EMS2340 English offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised ELECTROLUX the right to the of the customers of or ELECTROLUX The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of ELECTROLUX. The rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The account country please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough GUARANTEE CONDITIONS