Microwave EMS26415
thinking of when this
GB to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the cover this to this and and the from that GB information Product first charts cleaning What to Specifications information service
information instructions: reference To the of fire The should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily It recommended that this provided. or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when using plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the and turntable These and free from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, only microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this operation To the of Warning: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of cover which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions cleaning. to the to of the that the of the and possibly
with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the To the of shock should the or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the to or such as the the top of the to the or allow who authorised ELECTROLUX to If the please or Service Force If the of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and Warning: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving wide-mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: information to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their shells and whole should heated microwave they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to children or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. children from the and that become when the Children should to them burning themselves. the outer cavity, and GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK operation as they become cleaning they
information To children Warning: allow children to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food and cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when where recommended the Doing the or self-heating heat-resistant such as plate to to the turntable and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and arcing. the the turntable and the this the without the To the turntable from cleaning the with the turntable to cool. or foods or anything the outer operation. microwaving the from the GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK they the they If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of microwave or malfunction.
Product heating cover cavity and Fixing cover Rear supply to the following provided: Turntable Turntable High fixing screws shown) the turntable the the of the cavity. Then the the To turntable or clear of the when removing them from the please items: and to or Service Force
first first the clock The and hour clock. To the clock to hour clock). the The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/+30 once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/+30 the Microwave Clock AUTO COOK AUTO COOK AUTO DEFROST POWER LEVEL GRILL TIMER/WEIGHT START/+30 STOP DOOR OPENING You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or anti-clockwise. If the the to Defrost Defrost
To the clock to hour clock). the The Press the START/+30 The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/+30 once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/+30 the You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or anti-clockwise. If the the to the when the clock To the clock to hour clock). the Press and the START/+30 seconds. The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/+30 once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/+30 once. the To the clock to hour clock). the Press and the START/+30 seconds. The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/+30 once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/+30 once. the first To the clock from 12H to 24H or 24H to 12H. the Press and the START/+30 seconds. The Press the START/+30 once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily once. Child The which the of the child. the of the microwave the To the child lock. Press and the seconds. The and LOC displayed: To the child and the seconds, the and the of displayed. Child the clock
operation Microwave cooking To cook/defrost food the to through the to the food. Therefore to choose cookware. Round/oval to ones, as the food the corners to Food characteristics high or Christmas heating should as overheating to fire. Food the amount of cooking Light foods, such as cakes or cook than heavy, foods, such as roasts and Quantity The cooking increased as the amount of food the increases. to cook than foods and cook than ones, as microwaves from to the the the Shape which such as breasts or to cook the thicker Round cook than when microwave The of food affects the amount of cooking Chilled of food foods to cook than food foods with doughnuts, to release heat or the thickest of food the of the or with shell, or cooking or reheating as and food to should heated using microwave as they cooking poached, and cooking to and rearrange food rearrange and rearrange from the the necessary cooking to the heat to throughout the food. of food become shielded with of which microwaves, and It to turn, rearrange or food to heating. as the heat to throughout the food.
Microwave cookware Microwave of to shield food from overheating. least from the walls, as arcing recommended specified the follow instructions Browning follow the instructions. heating as these become and Porcelain, pottery, earthenware and usually those with should using as or crack heated It recommended to cookware when as which to fire. as or food high Cling Should the food and to the roasting to or as they or catch fire to the or to and as overheating fire. and the when using these as overheating fire. and of which and newspaper to fire.
Microwave cooking to minutes.The input of cooking from seconds to It the of the cooking as shown the Increasing seconds seconds Microwave W/ Used cooking or reheating food, HIGH Used cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, it to this to the meat W/ To this to that the evenly. This DEFROST and cooking defrosting, or WATT To heat and seconds microwave Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti- clockwise displayed. defrosting (without operating the Defrost W. The appears the whenever the selected. Press the START/+30 the If the selected, HIGH/900 AUTO AUTO AUTO
the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/+30 pressed. If to the the POWER once. You increase or the cooking cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT You the POWER cooking the To the STOP To the Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/+30 the To the the STOP To the START/+30, to STOP seconds The START/+30 allows to the following Direct You directly W/HIGH microwave seconds the START/+30 the cooking You the cooking of seconds the while the operation. You seconds You this function AUTO COOK or AUTO DEFROST. The PLUS and MINUS function to or increase the cooking when the If which cooked firm, MINUS Alternatively, PLUS To cook of Select the the AUTO COOK operation AUTO AUTO AUTO
operation Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Touch the once to the PLUS Press the START/+30 the To PLUS/MINUS, the If PLUS the If MINUS, the This microwave GRILL cooking only. with microwave). The high or the recommended You or burning when the the first this and with the To this when the the first the without food cooking This to Grill/Brown food. To Press the once. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti- clockwise displayed. Press the START/+30 button. the This of and Microwave to W). The microwave to W. To cook DUAL GRILL W). AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti- clockwise displayed. Press the START/+30 the cooking of of MICROWAVE, GRILL or DUAL GRILL. To cook: and seconds Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise displayed. the Press the once. the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise displayed. Press the START/+30 the The to cook and seconds W, and then only. AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
cook AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST cook Microwave Microwave Microwave Gratinated Microwave Microwave Gratin Microwave To cook of Select the the AUTO COOK Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/+30 the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/+30 At the of the cook the The sounds and the cooking flash. and the of displayed. Defrost Meat/Fish/ Microwave Poultry Microwave To of Select the the AUTO DEFROST Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/+30 the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/+30 At the of the the The sounds and the cooking flash. and the of displayed. AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
charts cook charts (increasing Procedure cook of (Tea/Coffee) and the and and them Choose of and them. the or the amount of and with the sounds, and re-cover. High the high and cook. the sounds, turn and Gratinated Gratinated Gratin together and and the the of the breast the and cook. the sounds, the and plate Gratin Gratin Gratin of Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C. charts of
charts (increasing Procedure Meat, the food the of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with thoroughly defrosted. whole poultry. Minced the sounds, the food the defrosted Distribute the of the directly the the sounds, rearrange and defrosting cover and thoroughly defrosted. (Whole breast, minced chops, Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C. the of the food only. include the of the food or than weights/quantities the cook charts, operation. The to the food action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/+30 the cooling and Chops should Minced should thin turning shield the with of The should immediately
cook onions, worcester Gratinated onion (finely sliced) (grated) or and (grated) Gratinated (grated) and fresh chopped (chopped) charts Thread meat and the with the and the the the high and cook AUTO COOK and the and the and with and the with the and season of the the top and cover with the the the top, the and cook AUTO COOK Gratinated and the and with and the the the top of the Season with and the the and the the the the the and cook AUTO COOK Gratinated
charts (cooked) onion (finely chopped) and or (to grease the (sliced) cooked grated and or (to grease the (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) and grated sunflower together the with the onion and season with and Grease the of and the The top should the with and and the gratin. Cover the with the grated the and cook AUTO COOK Gratin. Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the gratin. the the gratin. Finally the with sunflower the and cook AUTO COOK Gratin.
charts Heating food Food cover Water cover cover cover One plate the meat cover, through heating and trimmings) Soup cover, heating cover, through heating Meat, thinly the top, cover cover food, microwaveable heating and the cover or from Defrosting Food Quantity Goulash through defrosting through defrosting The shown the which to and weight of the Defrosting cooking Food -tbsp- cover One plate cover, cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking charts Abbreviations
charts Food cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking Roasts season to the season to the season to the high the high season Browning of the the and with top with of cooked of and of the
the this the of otherwise stated. the microwave If to the microwave, should of the following: cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as poultry, and microwave without difficulty. with minced meat with capacity) Shallow to grease the onions, chopped minced crushed parsley, chopped and Onion with capacity) or onions, meat and grated which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of the Scoop the with to about thick. the scooped-out flesh. the from the and Grease the of the with the the onions, and cook. the third the garnish. the minced meat with the onions, and parsley. Season to the with of the the top, and then the of the the the greased the the and cook. W) Garnish the with the and W) Grease the the onion, meat and the seasoning. and cook. Toast the of them and them the bowls. the the and the the the and
Mushrooms with with capacity) Shallow round with whole or onion, finely chopped finely fresh rosemary, chopped white Shallow with microwave whole parsley, chopped and white or with capacity) or onion, finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped the from the Chop the Grease the the onions, the and the Season with and rosemary, cover and cook. to cool. Heat the and of the the the with the the cover and cook. once the with the and the the and cook the W) the and bones. the and the thin Grease the with the the and with the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the cover and cook. the Grease the with the the meat and onion the cover and cook. once the white and cover and occasionally. the Garnish with parsley.
with with capacity) round or onion, finely chopped white to grease the grated parsley, chopped trout trout of or or to grease the with Shallow with tomatoes, cloves of garlic, chopped and the and with with Grease the the cover and cook. the the onions and white and Grease the and the the the and with the and cook. W) and the trout and with to the and of the and to the the with and the Grease the the trout the and cook the rack. Two thirds through the cooking the trout and the them. W) the and beat the Puree the the garlic, and and and the and cook. Turn the of each season and cook the high W)
with capacity) chopped fromage grated and cooked or or to grease the with capacity) Shallow with chopped finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced and grated chopped to grease the grated and Gratin cooked tomatoes, chopped onion, finely chopped and to grease the grated the with the and fromage season to of the top of each of the cooked and the with to this, the and and heat. the and to to the and whisk cook thick. and the the greased the of and cook with W) Chop the with the and onion, garlic, minced and puree. Season, and cook. the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the with about of the of the minced meat the and and with the top. Cover the with of and with with the the with the onions and season the the the and the top. Beat the and the and the gratin. the grated top. the and cook. W)
Pears with capacity) with capacity) whole pears, chopped with raspberry with capacity) chopped white Base: or to grease the or fromage the and the cover and cook. the pears the cover and cook. the pears of the cooking and the of the cooking the the and and cook. the the pears to the and the cover and cook. the cover and cook. Beat the with the and the Beat the white and the the To the the them and them with the and and heat. the and or with the together the and the and and food Grease the the and the around the to the the and light and whisk the the fromage and the the the and cook.
cleaning cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, THAT CONTAIN SODIUM OR SCOURING PADS ON PART OF MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE FOOD DEPOSITS. to the to of the that the of the and possibly The of easily cleaned with and that the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should cleaning the cloth with only, gently the becomes clean. of of or cleaner. Reduced If cook the food the with the cooking the of the to overheating. (The Reduced Microwave W) Microwave cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth that or the the which to the type cleaners the interior. Heat the food or splashed or Turntable the turntable and from the the and with cloth. Both the and the dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the These should washed and The dishwasher should used. microwave reduced or the heating to light and off.) seconds,
What to The microwave The the properly? There If the to blow, please The microwave The properly closed, The and their clean, The pressed. The The turntable correctly connected to the The the Food the of the it from There nothing the beneath the The microwave the from the switch off? authorised ELECTROLUX service The light ELECTROLUX service The light trained ELECTROLUX service The food cooking nearly or to heat through and cook If the food than or from to or than higher Specifications AC AC required: Microwave Microwave/Grill Microwave Microwave Cavity Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the the of the heat treatment of food. Class that the to capacity and height. holding food This with the of Directives 2004/108/EC, 2006/95/EC and 2005/32/EC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT what to specifications V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
The microwave or B: the and of the the board slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the Fixing Option the with the screws The fixing located the top and corners of the Fixing Option Please the template with this the of the or the It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this operation and the instructions. Connecting the to the supply The outlet should readily that the easily should to isolate the from the supply incorporating switch the wiring with the The should the
The the (A). the to phase V/50 correctly earth If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating plate with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The only of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. the supply or or other WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. (A) the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE AMP BROWN BLUE CORD CLAMP
information service information of and effective to them the necessary used. or children of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP using and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling council information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights.
or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, 10A, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk TINS-A508URR2