HNG DAN S DUNG
English EMS2840 using Technical instructions Instructions when with Testing of Food and to microwave and function of Turntable the Clock Child To Stop the Switching the off Microwave Microwave cooking with Combination Defrost Reheat Charts with with Microwave and Defrost Reheat Chart Defrost Chart Microwave and cleaning Cleaning the (turntable and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Conditions
English EMS2840 Thank chosen that microwave and that of to with to learn the and features, with this become to through the instruction that the from Microwave the following instructions Please them It that this instruction retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or house and the that the with the or that the with the functioning of the and the Please the whole instruction using the and that follow the Microwave Technical Height 230V, 16A 2700W Height output 900W 1300W
English EMS2840 The built-in interlock switches the from operating when the with them, or to the with the as operation to microwave allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. the repaired service It that the properly and that there to the: (warped), and or and should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force the outer or Doing to high or this with INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS found this the its as this chemicals this This type of specifically to heat, cook, or food. It or laboratory neither as this the the empty. If food or to the microwave the The or infirm without should to that they with the this this to clothing or newspapers the microwave These items the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when Instructions and heat-resistant the microwave Although microwave heat and items, these become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. instructions when cooking with The or to when and the the to yourself. The turn- and to when them. the or outer with when or the The of the and when food the the or or to cool them items top of the The top of the the heat. It to around the or to the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely. force the to hand. This malfunctioning. Arcing the operation usually from of Continuous however, the Stop the and the should to located the top, rear, and of the this This only.
English EMS2840 Testing of cookware Food the cookware the with of Heat If the cookware should If slightly reheating If the microwave towels, and with food to and the of overheating. dishes, and wraps the Follow instructions when plastics the with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. and with should the microwave specifically recommended microwave with restricted such as bottles, should microwave when or cover from to burns. WARNING and from to when heating or food plastic, or other If closed, switch the off or heat food the microwave the food to should the microwave the the microwave or specifically this This cooking should foods with or to build-up and bursting. and of items that should pierced. WARNING: heating and overheating the without of This of the To this the following should straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow to the the products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover. NOTE: force the turntable to hand. This malfunctioning. Arcing the operation from of Continuous arcing, however, the Stop the and the should to located the top, rear, and of the this This only. these instructions
English EMS2840 of and cooking microwave and to and choose and each The below of Microwave Combination Without Pottery*2 YES YES YES Microwave YES NO NO heat-proof wear NO YES NO YES NO NO YES NO NO NO NO NO Turntable YES YES YES YES: and to NO: and to there containing NOTE: shielding Unpacking N.B. the that the free from or reported immediately to the The of the or the wrapped protection If this the that with This and Corning YES YES YES Heat YES*1 YES YES*1 with NO NO NO Lead NO NO NO YES YES NO YES NO NO YES YES YES NO YES YES Turntable YES YES YES
English EMS2840 and function of Turntable the the Food while the microwave operation. The closed while and Interlock Turntable. Turntable cooking and browning/grilling. to microwave the the cavity the top of the as shown the that turntable securely the the Both turntable and turntable food and of food this turntable This rotates clockwise and anticlockwise; this Turntable Turntable
English EMS2840 To and of Clock To the of To the Microwave Stop/Clear To or Microwave Used to cooking To microwave Defrost Used to Defrost Reheat Used to Reheat Used to or Combination Microwave
English EMS2840 the first or when the and This or to the Clock once, to the clock To Touch the Clock the to using the Touch the Clock the to the the Clock (The NOTE It to the the the Clock (the seconds). This which the of the child. the of the the child To Touch the Stop/Clear and the Clock the appear the To the child the Stop/Clear and the Clock the There to the whilst Press the Stop/Clear You the the Pressing Stop/Clear the the You the closing the and the Pressing Stop/Clear the At the of each cooking the cooling the the Clock Child To Stop the
English EMS2840 This which allows to turn off the this off the which when button, this the which the of To Touch the Stop/Clear and the the OFF appear the To the Stop/Clear and the the Pressing the allows to microwave (900W) seconds. the increase the cooking seconds. 100W foods 180W foods. 300W or cheesecakes. defrosting and stews. 450W 600W 900W or reheating Preheating browning Switching the Microwave Completing the cooking of and stews. cakes and Reheat Reheating of and stews.. Reheating pre-cooked foods. Roasting of meat and poultry.
EMS2840 English the the food the the Press the the reached. the turning the Press (The To cook 450W Touch the should showing the Turn the should showing the Press The the the food the Press The once. the turning the the Press (The To cook with Touch the Turn the Should showing the Press The You should preheat the To preheat the should the as Microwave With To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. To off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave.
English EMS2840 This offers choice three cooking with combined and Microwave the the food the Press The the of Microwave and reached. the turning the the then (The To cook with and 450W microwave the Touch the Turn the Should showing the the then The You to preheat the combined Microwave and Combination Press Microwave 600W 450W 300W Combination To turn off the the Stop/Clear to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave.
EMS2840 the the food the Press the Defrost the reached. Turn the the reached. the Press (The NOTE Defrost the the and defrosting The and/or through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting. Selection Chart functions Press Portion Meat Once Poultry Three Defrost the only when heard the or the food, the and to defrosting. To of the Touch the Turn the showing the the then The Defrost Chart further to Defrosting manually selecting 180W To the defrosting of foods the 900W then reduced to (180W) defrosting Defrost NOTE To off the the Stop/Clear NOTE to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave. Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds Turn seconds The through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting. The through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to defrosting. The through defrosting to allow food to or turned. Press to
English EMS2840 This to ReHeat Chilled Ready and the the food the Press the Reheat the reached. Turn the the reached. the NOTE AUTO COOK the the microwave and cooking Selection Chart Press Portion Once Chilled Ready Meals Three To cook of the Touch the Reheat Turn the showing the the then The Chart further Reheat Press (The NOTE Table To turn off the the Stop/Clear NOTE to the Stop/Clear as this that the microwave.
English EMS2840 cooking with foods should the High with to catch food or to cleaning. Turn food through the cooking Food QTY. Toast Toast to toast. with cooking with Microwave and the turntable and shield thin and the turn-table the to catch food and Turn food, as the cooking Selector Food QTY Microwave 600W (Boned) Microwave 600W Chops Microwave 600W Microwave 600W Microwave 600W with Season with and Microwave 600W Microwave 600W Microwave 600W Microwave only600W Microwave 600W Charts with Season with and Allow with Season with and with Season with and
English EMS2840 foods such as and manually this (180W). Defrost FOOD PREPARATION microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting microwave-proof or Turn through defrosting and from from (cooked) from from Soft Soft Plated Cover with plate or P.V.C. To reheat, microwave Defrosting It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the defrosting food as as or food than that which this allow easy thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting or such as shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely defrosted Defrost If wrapped, from wrapper and It to and cooked (900W) STANDING TIME
English EMS2840 Press Chilled Ready Meal Once Fresh Three Chart the and cover it with This meat with and or the cleaning and them with when cooking and cooking once the with and them with and them the high with the Turn the Turn as as the the consisting of when the
English EMS2840 Meat Poultry Defrost Chart the with Turn the meat when the This chops, minced the and wing with Turn the when the This whole as as the of whole with Turn the when the This whole as as of and as as the cake and as as the operating and stopped, when the This of or whole, as as and This of yeast cake and It and as as cake with
English EMS2840 Microwave Microwave the and to the and the of the Preferably round or with when cooking or and food. the food when or grease Pastry, and the directly or towel. If food heated its the should containing or specifically recommended the microwave. and of to cover that easily cook such as Food with or should with and the microwave as they thick to the of the and try to the food to the food the of the The food cooked or turn shorter cooking than indicated to The the amount of food the or and than Season Allow the switched off to and cooking food throughout or when and food from the Honey If of honey which crystallised, and the the microwave Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or of high seconds. the they heated high seconds easily cooked the with to Follow food
English EMS2840 The clean. of food from or attract causing to This reduce the efficiency of the and to with or or repairs to of the Repairs should service technician. the from the electricity supply cleaning. Cleaning the and Clean them with them from the cavity. The turntable should CAUTION: The of the and them immediately the of the clean. and food immediately. that allowed to the walls, and microwave reduce the efficiency of the and possibly the interior. and cloth to NEVER USE ABRASIVE CLEANERS, COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS OR STEEL WOOL PADS ON ANY PART OF THE MICROWAVE OVEN. To of the microwave or NEVER USE KNIFE OR ANY UTENSIL TO REMOVE DEPOSITS FROM OVEN SURFACES. To from the interior, of of The with or while the the cavity cools and off the of the and The sealed. Nevertheless, to the the when the of the cleaned. To the cleaning of the of the the heating lowered the that the this. the when cleaning the This the from turned You should of the with and followed with clear to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. cleaners, scouring or chemicals of To to the allow to and cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
English EMS2840 offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised ELECTROLUX the right to the of the customers of or ELECTROLUX The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of ELECTROLUX. The rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household The account country please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS