EX-72F-UK Covers:New Microwave EMS26405
EX-72F-UK Covers:New thinking of when this
EX-72F-UK Covers:New GB to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
EX-72F-UK GB information Product first Operation charts cleaning Troubleshooting Specification information Customer service
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English instructions: reference To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and turntable These and from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the to heat The and the catch fire. information To popcorn, only microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this operation To the of Warning: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of cover which protection to
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions cleaning, to the to of the that the of the and possibly with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top rear of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the supply of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and Warning: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the off. when microwaving wide-mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their and whole should heated microwave they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. children from the and that become when the Children should to them burning themselves. the outer rear cavity, and GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK operation as they become cleaning they To children Warning: allow to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of information or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food and cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when where recommended the Doing the or heating heat- such as plate to to the and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and the the turntable and the turntable this the without the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information To the from cleaning the with the to cool. or foods or the outer operation. microwaving the from the GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK because they the they If to please authorised, the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of microwave or malfunction.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Product heating cover cavity and Fixing cover Rear supply supply
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English The or light each to the instruction. flashing, the the or the operation. Turn Microwave TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER AUTO COOK Press to of the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press to of the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press to of the AUTO DEFROST Press to of the COOKING MODE Press to microwave, or or to the clock. Press once to microwave function. Press to the Press three to microwave with START/+30 STOP DOOR OPENING
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English to the following provided: Turntable Turntable High fixing screws shown) the the the of the cavity. Then the turntable the To turntable or clear of the turntable when them from the please items: and to or Service Force
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English first the The flash: Press the STOP the To the clock, below. Heat the without food. the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE once the appear the To the hour clock to Choose the clock function. hour clock). and seconds Choose the hour clock. the hours. the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER the hour Press the COOKING MODE to from hours to the the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER the displayed Press the COOKING MODE to the clock.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Notes: You the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to microwave interrupted, the the reinstated. If this the The of erased. to the of follow the Microwave cooking Microwaves waves, to those TV and which directed the cavity To food and grease the protected the cover. Microwaves through of this the cavity of and there the cooking the microwaves bounce off the of the cavity Microwaves through such as and plastic, to heat the food. To cook/defrost food microwave the microwave to through the to the food. Therefore to choose cookware. operation Round/oval to ones, as the food the corners to of cookware as and food microwaves which them to This heat friction, the when them together. The outer of the food heated the microwave then the heat to the as It to turn, rearrange or food to heating. Once cooking the microwaves. as the heat to throughout the food. Microwaves cook food than It therefore that to of the following to those
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Food characteristics high or Christmas heating should as overheating to fire. Food the amount of cooking Light foods, such as cakes or cook than heavy, foods, such as roasts and Quantity The increased as the amount of food the increases. four to cook than foods and cook than ones, as microwaves from to the cooking the the which such as breasts or to cook the thicker Round cook than when microwave The of food affects the amount of cooking of food Chilled foods to cook than food foods with doughnuts, to release heat or the thickest of food the of the Cover or with shell, or cooking or reheating as and food to should heated microwave as they poached, fried, boiled. cooking to and rearrange food rearrange and rearrange from the the cooking to the heat to throughout the food. of food become shielded with of which microwaves, and
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English food thermometer to cooking Once cooked, every and internal which the cooking switched off and the food cooked. The internal ascertained with food thermometer. The specified the food the of cooking o C Heating (Coffee, o C Heating o C Heating o C Heating o C o C Poultry o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C Microwave of to shield food from overheating. least from the walls, as arcing recommended specified the follow instructions Browning follow the instructions. Dishes heating as these become Porcelain, pottery, earthenware and those with should as or crack heated It recommended to cookware when as which to fire. Plastic/Polystyrene as or food high Cling Should the food and to the to Roasting microwave or as they or catch fire to the operation
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English operation Microwave plates or to as overheating fire. the when these as overheating fire. Recycled of which newspaper and to fire. Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating food, cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the foods which when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat (Defrost to this to that the evenly. This and cooking or To the the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise to cooking Press the COOKING MODE once (microwave only). To the the the reached. Press the START/+30 If the selected,
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Microwave cooking to The input of cooking (defrosting) from seconds to It the of the cooking (defrosting) as shown the Increasing seconds seconds to heat and seconds the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE once (microwave only). operation Choose the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Press the START/+30 once to the Notes: the the the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/+30 pressed. If to the the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE the displayed. You the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. If the counter- clockwise, the from
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English cooking This microwave GRILL cooking only. with microwave). cooking This to Grill/Brown food. To the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE only). Press the START/+30 once to the Notes: The high or the recommended You or burning when using the the first this and that the of To this when first using the the without food cooking This of and Microwave to W). The to W. To cook DUAL GRILL W). the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Choose the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Press the START/+30 once to the Other of combinations of MICROWAVE GRILL or DUAL GRILL To cook: and seconds the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE once (microwave only). Choose the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. Press the COOKING MODE the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English operation Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE only). Press the START/+30 once to the (The to cook and seconds W, and then only.) If the GRILL and If the COOKING MODE GRILL the GRILL to the DUAL GRILL automatically. To cook Gratin W. W. seconds function The START/+30 allows to the following Direct You directly cooking seconds the START/+30 To the the START/+30 within the operation, closing the the STOP or cooking the cooking You the cooking of seconds the while the operation. To the To the microwave cooking the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE the displayed. The to count although the shows the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English function To the function Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The To the function Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The the of the input buttons the STOP cook AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTO COOK AUTO COOK GRILL and AUTO DEFROST What to know when using this function: operation AUTO COOK GRILL The AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL once, the appear as shown. The chosen the AUTO DEFROST or AUTO COOK the displayed. AUTO COOK DEFROST charts. The holding the AUTO COOK or AUTO DEFROST The or of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the weight/quantity displayed. the weight of the food only. include the weight of the food or than weights/quantities the AUTO COOK DEFROST charts, operation. follow the cooking charts To cooking the START/ action to food the and the sound, cooking and the To the START/+30 button.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English operation The to the food If necessary, the cooking and the If the ADD SECONDS function cooking/defrosting, the food overcooked. AUTO COOK GRILL To cook Gratinated using (A1-1). Select the the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL button once. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER Press the START/+30 once. the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts cook charts cook (increasing Procedure AC-1 5C) with with Gratin and microwave of AC-2 Mince and Mince and Mince 5C) Onion Onion with of cook (increasing Procedure A1-1 Gratinated Gratinated 5C) Gratin of A1-2 Gratin Gratin 20C) Gratin of cook (increasing Procedure A2-1 the french French -18C) Placethedish onthehighrack andcook. (recommended High the sounds, from the and necessary). The To burning yourself, please to the from the charts
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts cook (increasing Procedure A2-2 the to 5C) the High high and cook. the sounds and plate necessary). A2-3 the and 5C) the High the of the the the with the thin the the sounds, the food and A2-4 the and 5C) the the of the breast directly the turntable and cook. the sounds, the and charts (increasing Procedure Defrost the food the -18C) of the Chops the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with defrosting, thoroughly defrosted.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English (increasing Procedure Defrost the of minced meat Minced Meat -18C) the of the the sounds, below.) the food the defrosting, cover with and thoroughly defrosted. Defrost from the -18C) directly the or Plate the of the the each and defrosted. Defrost Distribute the -18C) of the directly the the sounds, this and defrosting cover and thoroughly defrosted. Defrost and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the defrosted with of The should immediatly defrosting. charts topped and coated with to the the to from the immediately and
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts cook with (AC-1) fricassee onion (sliced) of breast (cubed) or meat Mince onion (AC-2) minced meat onion (finely chopped) white and meat (finely chopped) (finely chopped) chopped Preparation together the and the greased together the onions, and Season and top of the the top. the the cover with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (AC-1) with Preparation together the minced meat, onion, and the the Season with and the the meat the and to the meat and and cook AUTO COOK (AC-2) Mince onion. the and the sounds, and re-cover. and with and
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Grantinated (A1-1) onion (finely sliced) (grated) or (grated) Grantinated (A1-1) (grated) fresh and chopped (chopped) charts Preparation and the and the and with and the with the and season of the the top and cover with the the the top, the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-1) Gratinated Preparation and the and with and grease with the the the top of the Season with and the the and the tomatoes. the the the the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-1) Gratinated cooking,stand
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts Gratin (A1-2) (defrosted, onion (finely chopped) or (to grease the (sliced) cooked grated Gratin (A1-2) or (to grease the (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) grated sunflower (A2-2) onions, worcester Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the of and the The top should the with and and the gratin. the with the grated the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-2), Gratin. Preparation Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the gratin. theGouda the gratin. Finally the with sunflower the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-2), Gratin. Preparation Thread meat and the with the and the the the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A2-2)
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts Heating food Coffee cover cover Water cover cover the meat trimmings) cover, through heating Soup cover, heating cover, through heating Meat, thinely the top, cover food, microwaveable heating and the cover or from fresh Food cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking through cooking of cover, cooking charts
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English charts Defrosting Food Quantity Goulash through defrosting to each other, through defrosting turn through through defrosting partially evenly, through defrosting The shown the which to and of the Defrosting cooking Food Water cover One plate cover, cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking Food Roasts season to the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Food Quantity season to *the season to breast the season to the high turn the high turn season Browning of the the and with top with of cooked of and of the the this the of otherwise stated. the microwave If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as meat, and microwave without difficulty. charts which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Onion with capacity) or onions, meat grated with with capacity) round with whole or onion, finely chopped finely ground fresh rosemary, white Grease the the onion, meat and the seasoning. Cover and cook. Toast the of bread, them and them the bowls. the the and the the the and the from the Chop the Grease the the onions, the and the Season with and rosemary, cover and cook. to cool. Heat the and of the the the with the the cover and cook. once the with the and shallow the the and cook the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with minced meat with capacity) Shallow to grease the onions, chopped minced crushed parsley, chopped Shallow with microwave whole parsley, chopped white or This or the lengthways. Scoop the with to about thick. the scooped-out flesh. the from the and Grease the of the with the the onions, cover and cook. the third the the minced meat with the onions, garlic and parsley. Season to the with of the the top, and then the of the the the greased the the and cook. Garnish the with the and the and bones. the and the thin Grease the with the the and with the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the cover and cook.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with with capacity) Shallow round or onion, finely chopped white to grease the grated parsley, chopped trout Shallow of or or to grease the accompanying and with capacity) or onion, finely chopped white seasoned parsley, chopped the and with with Grease the the onion, and cook. the the onions and white and Grease the and the the the and with the and cook. and then and the trout and with to the and of the and to the the with and the Grease the the trout the and cook the thirds through the cooking the trout and the them. the Grease the with the the meat and onion the cover and cook. once the white and cover and occasionally. the Garnish with parsley.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with capacity) chopped fromage grated cooked or or to grease the You and this with Shallow with of garlic, chopped the with the and fromage season to of the top of each of the cooked and the with to to this, the and and heat. the and to to the and whisk disolved. cook thick. and the the greased the of and cook with the and beat the Puree the tomatoes, the garlic, and and and the and cook. Turn the of each season and cook uncovered the high
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with capacity) with chopped onion, finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced puree grated chopped to grease the grated with capacity) Gratin chopped onion, finely chopped to grease the grated Chop the with the and onion, garlic, minced and puree. Season, cover and cook. the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the with about of the of the minced the and of the top another of the minced meat and finishing with the top. Finally, cover the with of and with with the the and the cover and cook. the to the and cook. and allow to cool. the with the onions and season the the the and the top. Beat the and the and the gratin. the grated top. the and cook.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English with capacity) Round of grated with raspberry with capacity) chopped white the and the the the cook. Meanwhile the the the the and the the the and and Garnish the with and the and the cover and cook. the cover and cook. Beat the with the and the Beat the white and the the or dishes. To the the them and them with the and and heat. the and or with the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Pears with capacity) with capacity) whole pears, chopped Delicious when with or to grease the or fromage the and the and cook. the pears the and cook. the pears of the cooking and the of the cooking the the and cover and cook. the the pears to together the and the and and food Grease the the dough and the leaving around the to the the and light and whisk the the fromage and the the the and cook.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE ANY FOOD DEPOSITS. to the clean to of the that the of the and possibly The of easily cleaned with and that the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. cleaning cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth that or the the which to the type cleaners the Heat the to food or splashed or Turntable turntable the turntable and turntable from the the and with cloth. Both the and the turntable dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. These should and The dishwasher should used.
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English troubleshooting Troubleshooting Symptom the microwave that properly? the the there If the to blow, please the that the properly closed, the and their clean, the START/+30 pressed. the turntable that the correctly to the the the food the of the from there nothing the beneath the the microwave switch off? the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light trained Service Force technician. the food to heat cooking nearly through and cook than or the food than or from to or higher If cook the food the with the cooking the of the to overheating. Reduced Microwave W) Microwave (The reduced or the heating to light and off). seconds,
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Specifications AC AC required: Microwave Microwave/Grill Microwave Microwave Cavity Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the intentionally the of the heat treatment of food. Class that the to capacity and height. holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English the and of If the A) then the provided. the sheet to the internal of the back the protective cover the and to the of the that covers the service the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the Service the with the screws The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this operation and the instructions. The microwave or B: Chimney Chimney the of the or the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Connecting the to the supply The should readily that the easily emergency. The should the The the (A). connecting the supply to (A) should from the item and routed the the to phase V/50 correctly earth If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The supply only (A) of to the to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English information of and microwave effective to them the used. or children of suffocation. from and The from recycled and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC- free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English service Customer service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Troubleshooting. the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another service The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English www.electrolux.com Fredericia M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English
EX-72F-UK English:NEW BASE_English
EX-72F-UK
EX-72F-UK www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk TINS-A492URR0