The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that customers really and This of thoughtful with insight. the thoughtful to and to to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the world. when thinking of know that. of of thinking www.electrolux.com microwave EMS3067X MWO+Grill+Convection
to the of Congratulations and thank choosing first from to easy to and to Please to this that of the of To the that when that the microwave correctly and that the instructions to and that the ease-of-mind. microwave information and cleaning Troubleshooting Technical and service The this information concerning and information to the and information information and information Information users of the Please of these through recycling or them the If to this please authorities and the of
to the of Congratulations and thank choosing first from to easy to and to Please to this that of the of To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that the ease-of-mind. using microwave information and cleaning Troubleshooting Technical and service The this information concerning and information to the and information information and information Information of the Please of these through recycling or them the If to this please authorities and the of
information microwave IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION to the from the following instructions Please them It that this retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or house and the that the with the or that the with the functioning of the and the Please the whole user the and that follow the and reference The built-in interlock switches the from operating when the with them, or to the with the as to It that the properly and that there to the: and or and the or Doing to high or this with the instructions found the Installation section. the microwave of the microwave HOT while operating. allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. to the microwave to of the affecting the of the and possibly This specifically heating, cooking and defrosting food, and as this It laboratory or and the warranty. chemicals this microwave the microwave empty. If food or to the the DO NOT this microwave or other to clothing or newspapers the microwave These items the microwave cavity products, or food the cavity when the from and DO NOT the the of or counters. If the the its service or to force the to hand. This malfunctioning. DO NOT microwave as this Continuous arcing the Should arcing the and the that the as indicated the this should to located the top, rear, and of the the becomes should to touching heating the This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the If the hinges/latches or the microwave operated repaired authorized service It authorised service to service or to this microwave the of cover which protection to microwave If the and the closed to NEVER USE WATER. and foods heated sealed they to allow children to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of become To burns should heating food or the to the of ignition. DO NOT this as touching of the internal serious or death. of the earthing shock. outlet microwave properly and earthed. and information If the to to that the securely. If the from the seconds, and securely. Check blown or tripped If these to operating correctly, the with another to that the correctly and the to that the securely closed the the flow the IF NONE OF THE ABOVE RECTIFIES THE SITUATION, CONTACT QUALIFIED TECHNICIAN. DO NOT TRY TO ADJUST OR REPAIR THE MICROWAVE OVEN YOURSELF. and to reduce the from becoming or cord. If or used: The rating of the or should to or than the rating of the The earthing-type cord. The should that the counter top or where pulled children or tripped unintentionally. This microwave earthed. the of earthing reduces the of shock the This with earthing with earthing The that properly and earthed. or serviceman the earthing instructions completely or as to whether the properly earthed. microwave information Food heat food the microwave as the food to should heated the the the microwave or specifically this This cooking operation should foods with or such as and to build-up and bursting. Microwave heating of therefore when the warning heating and microwave overheating the without of This of the To this the following should straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow to the the products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover. The of feeding bottles and or and the to burns.
the from and DO NOT the the of or counters. If the the its service or to force the turntable to hand. This malfunctioning. DO NOT microwave as this Continuous arcing the Should arcing the and the that the microwave as indicated the this should to located the top, rear, and of the the becomes should to touching heating the This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the If the hinges/latches or the microwave operated repaired authorized service It authorised service to service or to this the of cover which protection to If the and the to NEVER USE WATER. and foods heated sealed they to allow children to the microwave without when instructions that the child to the and the of become To burns should heating food or the to the of ignition. microwave information IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION using microwave to the from microwave the following instructions prepared. Please them It that this retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or house and the that the with the or that the with the functioning of the and the Please the whole user using the and that follow the and reference The built-in interlock switches the microwave from operating when the with them, or to the with the as to microwave It that the properly and that there to the: and or and the outer or Doing to high or this microwave with the instructions found the section. the microwave of the HOT while allow food or to the Cleaning and section cleaning instructions. to the to of the affecting the of the and possibly This microwave specifically heating, cooking and defrosting food, and as this It laboratory or and the warranty. chemicals this microwave the empty. If food or to the microwave the DO NOT this microwave or other to clothing or newspapers the microwave These items the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when DO NOT this as touching of the internal serious or death. warning of the earthing shock. outlet microwave properly and earthed. and information If the to to that the securely. If the from the seconds, and securely. blown or tripped If these to operating correctly, the outlet with another to that the correctly and the to that the securely closed the the microwave flow the IF NONE OF THE ABOVE RECTIFIES THE SITUATION, CONTACT QUALIFIED TECHNICIAN. DO NOT TRY TO ADJUST OR REPAIR THE MICROWAVE OVEN YOURSELF. and to reduce the from becoming or cord. If or used: The rating of the or should to or than the rating of the The earthing-type cord. The should that the counter top or where or tripped unintentionally. This microwave earthed. the of earthing reduces the of shock the This with earthing with earthing The outlet that properly and earthed. or serviceman the earthing instructions completely or as to whether the properly earthed. microwave information Food heat food the as the food to should heated the microwave the the microwave or specifically this This cooking should foods with or such as and to build-up and bursting. Microwave heating of therefore when the heating and microwave overheating the without of This of the To this the following should straight-sided with overheat. the the the and through the heating heating, allow to the the products such as whole and sealed closed and should heated this Occasionally, poached the then cover and allow the of cover. The of feeding bottles and or and the to burns.
information microwave information and information It to around the or to the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely. instructions when cooking with and The or to when and the the to burn yourself. The and to when them. the or with when or the microwave The of the and when food the the or or to cool them to crack. items top of the The top of the anything the heat. Preheat only when when microwave or (microwave/grill or microwave/convection). the children should the microwave to the of cooking should to they the with of Heat (900W) If the should If slightly reheating If the microwave with food to and the of overheating or ignition. with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. when heating or cooking food plastic, or other and with should the microwave specifically microwave with restricted such as bottles, should when or cover from to burns. Shallow to reheat foods microwave the following should than used. The least two-thirds of food. Empty used. should the and should allowed to touch the should re-used the microwave If the or allow to The and become when them from the It to cloth or when when that the reheating or cooking than to; that the food of and cooking microwave and to and choose and each cooking The below Convection only. smooth to thin of meat or to overcooking. Arcing too to walls. The should least inch from walls. thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting such as wing shielded with of smooth Browning Follow instructions. The of least inch the Incorrect the to without microwave-safe only. Follow instructions. cracked or chipped dishes. Although microwave heat items, they become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. without the heat and cracks or chips. only to heat food Although microwave heat items, they become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. of with Microwave Leaded plates and to cover food reheating and while as cover to and Turntable Turntable only. while Microwave-safe only. Follow the instructions. Should "Microwave as the food and tightly should or as directed Microwave-safe only. to cover food cooking to allow to food.
with foods that high or these foods reach high and plastics. when heating or cooking food plastic, or other and with should the microwave specifically recommended microwave with restricted such as bottles, should microwave when or from to burns. Shallow to reheat foods microwave the following should than used. The least two-thirds of food. Empty used. should the microwave and should allowed to the should re-used the If the or allow to The and turntable become when them from the It to cloth or when when using that the reheating or cooking than to; that the food of and cooking and to and choose and each cooking information microwave information and information It to around the or to the or to appear below the the cooking This from the heat of the food and the of The to the cavity completely. instructions when cooking with and The or to when and the the to burn yourself. The and to when them. the or outer microwave with when or the microwave The of the and microwave when food the the turntable or or to cool them to crack. items top of the The top of the anything the heat. Preheat microwave only when using when microwave or (microwave/grill or microwave/convection). the children should only the microwave to the of cooking should to they microwave the with of Heat microwave (900W) If the should If slightly reheating If the microwave with food to and the of overheating or ignition. The below of Convection Microwave only. smooth to cover thin of or to overcooking. Arcing too to walls. The should least inch from walls. thawing breast and through defrosting such as wing shielded with of smooth Browning Follow instructions. The of least inch the Incorrect the to without microwave-safe only. Follow instructions. cracked or chipped dishes. Although microwave heat items, they become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. without the heat and cracks or chips. to heat food Although heat items, they become as heat from the food to the The of to recommended. with Leaded plates and only. while to cover food reheating and while as cover to and Microwave-safe only. Follow the instructions. Should "Microwave as the food and tightly closed should or as directed Microwave-safe only. to cover food cooking to allow to food. Wood Turntable Turntable
microwave microwave operation INSTALLATION and from the microwave the such as or the the service the protective the the light cover that attached to the cavity to the the that children with This Select that enough the and outlet and that enough to bear the of the clearance of inches the and walls. clearance of inches the the or the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the NOTE: It recommended to than clearance least of the to performance and operation. The should to the of causing or the from the of the This should built-in or the from heat and to heat and the efficiency and to malfunctioning. the as from and TV as of the interference to or TV reception. there interference, reduced or the following Clean and of the microwave the of the and/or the from the receiver. the microwave that microwave and branch the and where the microwave the as specified the rating the microwave If the microwave connected to the cord, the earthed. warning If or heat the microwave This non-earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. If the the its service or to OPERATION Turntable the turntable assembly the cavity the top of the turntable and information the Both and assembly food and food the when If the or turntable assembly cracks or authorized service Turntable cooking function cooking function reheat reheat clock stop/clear C A) B) Turntable C) Turntable assembly D) E) Observation F) assembly G) H) cover DO NOT REMOVE clock stop/clear cooking function microwave or cooking reheat reheat or cooking and of clock the of and stop/clear or microwave or the cooking microwave cooking and Turntable assembly
the as from and TV as of the interference to or TV reception. there interference, it reduced or the following Clean and of the the receiving of the and/or the microwave from the receiver. the microwave that microwave and branch the and where the the as specified the rating the If the connected to the cord, the earthed. If or heat the warning This microwave non-earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. warning If the the its service or to microwave INSTALLATION and from the microwave the such as or the the service the protective the the light cover that attached to the cavity to the the that children with This Select that enough the and outlet and that enough to bear the weight of the clearance of inches the and walls. clearance of inches the the or outlet the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the NOTE: It recommended to than clearance least of the to performance and operation. The should to the of causing or the from the of the This should built-in or the from heat and to heat and the efficiency and to malfunctioning. OPERATION C A) B) Turntable C) Turntable assembly D) E) Observation F) assembly G) interlock H) cover DO NOT REMOVE Turntable the assembly the cavity the top of the turntable and information the Both and assembly food and food the when If the or turntable assembly cracks or authorized service Turntable Turntable assembly cooking function cooking function reheat reheat clock stop/clear clock stop/clear cooking function microwave or cooking reheat reheat or cooking cooking and of clock the of and stop/clear or microwave or the cooking cooking and
operation microwave cake meat The cooking function, cooking and cook the clock the connected, the and the sound. To the clock, follow these Press the clock to hour or hour Turn the to the hours. Press the "clock" to hours. The flash. Turn the to the Press the "clock" to and the clock Microwave cooking the the food the the Press the to the Turn the to the cooking Press the to and information and information Microwave Microwave Press or reheating Preheating Reheating of and foods. Roasting of meat and of cakes and Heating custards and foods cooking the the the and the food the the to catch food or to cleaning. the Press the "cooking function" once. The Turn the to the function "G-1". Press the to displayed. Turn the to the cooking Press the to and information to from the function, the food through the The sound to that the the and the food the and the If the to the food the the food. cooking This function which cook as Microwave used. that preheat the to the the food the the reaches the this If the this the microwave switch off. To preheat the microwave Press the "cooking function" once. The Turn the to the function. Select the to the You Press the to the Press the to preheating. the reached, the sound to to the food the The flash. the food the and the Turn the to the cooking Press the to If to the preheating function, instead of the item the to the cooking and information The operating the of the cooking to cool the Combination cooking With this microwave and There four To the follow these the the food the the Press the "cooking function" once. The Turn the to "C-1, C-2, C-3 or C-4". and information Select of the below combinations Microwave C-1 C-2 C-3 C-4 Press the to Turn the to the cooking Press the to Convection
Turn the to the cooking Press the to and information and information Microwave Microwave Watt Press cake microwave microwave operation meat The cooking function, cooking and cook the clock the connected, the and the sound. To the clock, follow these Press the clock to hour or hour Turn the to the hours. Press the "clock" to hours. The flash. Turn the to the Press the "clock" to and the clock Microwave cooking the the food the the Press the button to the microwave cooking the the the turntable and the food the plate the to catch food or to cleaning. the Press the "cooking function" once. The Turn the to the function "G-1". Press the to displayed. or reheating Preheating Turn the to the cooking Press the to and information Reheating of and foods. of and to from the function, the food through the The sound to that the the and the food the and the If the to the food the microwave the food. defrosting of and Heating and Convection cooking This function which cook as traditional Microwave used. that preheat the to the the food the the reaches the it this If the this the microwave switch off. To preheat the microwave Press the "cooking function" once. The foods Turn the to the function. Select the to the You Press the to the Press the to preheating. the reached, the sound to to the food the The flash. the food the and the Turn the to the cooking Press the to If to the preheating function, instead of the item the to the cooking and information The operating the of the cooking to the Combination cooking With this microwave and There four To the follow these the the food the the Press the "cooking function" once. The Turn the to "C-1, C-2, C-3 or C-4". and information Select of the below Microwave C-1 C-2 C-3 C-4 Press the to Turn the to the cooking Press the to Convection
microwave microwave cooking to three of cooking this If of the defrosting, this should as the first The sound each and the automatically. to cook with and then microwave follow these the the food the the Press the once to microwave Turn the to the cooking to Press the to microwave Turn the to the cooking to Press the to to three cooking to cook food with with follow these the the food the the Press the to microwave "P80" displayed. Turn the to the cooking to Press the "clock" The hour flash. Turn the to the hours. Press the "clock" The flash. Turn the to the Press the to the The the arrives, the sound and the cooking automatically. Defrost the the food the the Press the once. displayed. Turn the to the Press the to defrosting. Defrost the the food the the Press the displayed. Turn the to the Press the to defrosting. and information It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the defrosting food as as or defrosting. food than what this allow easy thawing poultry, breast and through defrosting such as shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely defrosted cook This of cook that to the right the food would to the the food the the Turn the to the cook Press the to the cook Turn the to the of the food. Press the to the and information the below cook Function Microwave FISH Microwave SOUP Microwave MEAT G-1 BREAD PIZZA Convection CAKE 180C 50(with Microwave PASTA 100(with 150(with CHICKEN Microwave VEGETABLE Microwave POTATO and information The cake including preheating. the preheated and reached the sound to to the to the cake the Then the to C-4 Microwave (200C) C-4 Microwave (200C)
Defrost the the food the the Press the once. displayed. Turn the to the Press the to defrosting. Defrost the the food the the Press the displayed. Turn the to the Press the to and information It to defrosting Food to the food as as Turn items, through the defrosting food as as or defrosting. food than what this allow easy thawing breast and through defrosting such as wing shielded with of smooth foods which to that the completely cook This microwave of cook that to the right the food to the the food the the Turn the to the cook Press the button to the cook Turn the to the of the food. Press the to the microwave cooking to three of cooking this If of the defrosting, this should as the first The sound each and the automatically. to cook with microwave and then follow these the the food the the Press the once to microwave Turn the to the cooking to Press the to microwave Turn the to the cooking to Press the to to three cooking to cook food with with follow these the the food the the Press the to "P80" displayed. Turn the to the to Press the "clock" The hour flash. Turn the to the hours. Press the "clock" The flash. Turn the to the Press the to the The the arrives, the sound and the cooking automatically. and information the below cook Function Microwave FISH Microwave SOUP Microwave MEAT G-1 BREAD PIZZA Convection CAKE 180C 50(with Microwave PASTA 100(with 150(with CHICKEN Microwave VEGETABLE Microwave POTATO and information The cake including preheating. the preheated and reached the sound to to the to the cake the Then the to C-4 Microwave (200C) C-4 Microwave (200C)
operation microwave and cleaning reheat This function to easily heat food with microwave The and The below shows the reheat the the food the the Press the reheat" to or H1 Reheat H2 Plate 1(approximately H3 Beverage/coffee 2(approximately H4 Turn the to Press the to reheating. Press the to cook with microwave seconds. the the increase seconds. function the to the the "clock the displayed. the "clock" to the when the cooking Child Press the "stop/clear" seconds. sound and the light indicating that the microwave locked. To the "stop/clear" seconds. sound and the light off indicating that the microwave To the There to the whilst Press the "stop/clear" You the the Pressing the "stop/clear" the the You the closing the and the Pressing the "stop/clear" the and information round or with when cooking the food when or grease Pastry, and the directly or towel. If food heated its the should containing or specifically recommended the microwave and thick to the of the and to the food the food the of the microwave The food cooked or cooking than indicated to or and than Allow the switched off to and cooking food sufficiently cooked throughout or when and food from the as they and information Honey If of honey which crystallized, and the the microwave microwave Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or cloves of high seconds. the they heated high seconds CARE AND CLEANING The clean. that allowed to the walls, and reduce the of the microwave and possibly the microwave DO NOT to with or or repairs to of the Repairs should service technician. Cleaning the Clean with removing them from the cavity. The should Cleaning the the of the clean. and food immediately. and clean cloth to Cleaning the The with or while the the cavity and off the the the and Cleaning the the microwave when cleaning the This the from turned You should the of the with and with to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. To to the allow to NEVER USE ABRASIVE CLEANERS, SCOURING PADS OR HARSH CHEMICALS ON THE OUTSIDE SURFACES OF YOUR APPLIANCE. warning DO NOT cleaners or to clean the they scratch the which shattering of the warning cleaners, cleaners or of the and information To of the or warning or to from the and information To from the of of The sealed. Nevertheless, to the turntable when the of the cleaned. the from the electricity supply cleaning. to this
Child Press the "stop/clear" seconds. sound and the light indicating that the microwave locked. To the "stop/clear" seconds. sound and the lock light off indicating that the microwave To the There to the whilst Press the "stop/clear" You the the Pressing the "stop/clear" the the You the closing the and the Pressing the "stop/clear" the and information round or with when cooking microwave the food when or grease Pastry, and the defrosted directly or towel. If food heated its the should containing or specifically recommended the and thick to the of the and try to the food the food the of the microwave The food cooked or shorter cooking than indicated to or and than Allow the switched off to and cooking food sufficiently cooked throughout or when and food from the as they 3(approximately 3(approximately microwave microwave and cleaning reheat This function to easily heat food with microwave The and The below shows the reheat the the food the the Press the reheat" to or H1 H2 Plate H3 Beverage/coffee H4 Turn the to Press the to reheating. Press the to cook with seconds. the the increase seconds. function the to the the "clock the displayed. the "clock" to the when the cooking and information Honey If of which crystallized, and the the microwave Chocolate Break of and heat high and or seconds high or seconds. easily Heat or of high seconds. the they heated high seconds CARE AND CLEANING The clean. that allowed to the walls, and microwave reduce the efficiency of the microwave and possibly the interior. DO NOT to with or or repairs to of the microwave Repairs should service technician. Cleaning the Clean with them from the cavity. The should Cleaning the the of the clean. and food immediately. and cloth to Cleaning the The with or while the the cavity cools and off the the the and Cleaning the the microwave when cleaning the This the from turned You should clean the of the microwave with and with to with cloth. Spray-on cleaners or spray-on cleaners used. To to the allow to NEVER USE ABRASIVE CLEANERS, SCOURING PADS OR HARSH CHEMICALS ON THE OUTSIDE SURFACES OF YOUR APPLIANCE. DO NOT cleaners or to the microwave they scratch the which shattering of the cleaners, cleaners or of the and information To of the or warning or to from the and information To from the interior, of of warning The sealed. Nevertheless, to the turntable when the of the cleaned. warning the from the electricity supply cleaning. warning to this
troubleshooting technical and service microwave warranty TROUBLESHOOTING Normal Micorwave TV reception and TV reception when It to the interference of cleaner, and It light microwave light become It Steam of of food, from cool It with food It to the without food It Trouble Then tightly seconds blowing or or (repaired professional of with other Trouble with heat when operates to and and cleaning" to TECHNICAL DATA EMS3067X to rating the Rated Rated (Microwave) 1450W Rated (Microwave) 900W Rated 1100W Rated (Convection) 2350W Turntable WARRANTY AND SERVICE Calling Service Technician please the operating instructions, service and the warranty terms and FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: ELECTROLUX MICROWAVE OVEN This the terms and of warranties It Please with of purchase reference should service and Conditions this warranty Products ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or or New warrants that, when from the Appliance free from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service charge readily without and to these and or which it to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light or and Appliances covered this warranty. Where within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please or New Zealand. of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which The Appliance by: Notice Calling Service Technician please the operating instructions, service and the warranty and FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL FREE CALL (New only) Warranty or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Zealand. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the warranties other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the supply of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS SERVICE NEW ZEALAND ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New
WARRANTY AND SERVICE Calling Service Technician please the operating instructions, service and the warranty terms and Normal or (repaired professional of outlet with other to rating the 1450W troubleshooting technical and service microwave warranty TROUBLESHOOTING Micorwave TV reception and TV reception when operating. It to the interference of cleaner, and It light microwave light become It Steam of of from cool It with food It to the without food It Trouble Then tightly seconds blowing or Trouble with outlet heat turntable when operates to and and cleaning" to TECHNICAL DATA EMS3067X Rated Rated (Microwave) Rated (Microwave) 900W Rated 1100W Rated (Convection) 2350W Turntable Warranty FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: ELECTROLUX MICROWAVE OVEN This the and of warranties It Please with of purchase reference should service and Conditions this warranty Products ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Appliances purchased New Zealand; Appliance purchased this Warranty where the Appliance or household the of months and New the of months; where the Appliance the of months and New the of months, the stated months covered this warranty) following the of purchase of the Appliance; the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the and This warranty only to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or or New Zealand. warrants that, when from the Appliance free from and workmanship the Warranty the Warranty or its Authorised Service charge readily without and to these terms and or which to You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light batteries, or and Appliances covered this warranty. Where within service this warranty covers the of of the Appliance to and from Authorised Service of and of the Authorised Service to and from or business. If service bear these information about whether within service please or New Zealand. of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the claimed to or or workmanship. the following (which The Appliance by: Notice Calling Service please the operating instructions, service and the warranty terms and FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL FREE CALL (New only) ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect or incorrect, or insect or infestation. The Appliance without authority from writing. The Appliances or warranty or defaced. The Appliance serviced or repaired other than or its Authorised Service This warranty, the to which and the relationship and the the Australian State where the Appliance purchased or the New the Appliance purchased New Zealand. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. of To the warranties other than as this or whether or indirect or from purchase, or of the Appliance. Provisions of the and State legislation and the Consumer Act, the of and the New Zealand, imply warranties or or obligations, which excluded, restricted or To the the of of or relation to the Appliance or services (where and reasonable to the of Appliances, its option, to the or of the Appliances or the of products or the of the of the Appliances or the Appliances repaired or of Appliances. replaced, and Appliances become the property of or the of services, its option, to the supply of the services or the of the of the services re-supplied; and the of Appliances or services New Zealand, or whether or indirect or that reasonably You acknowledge that the that warranty and its Authorised Service to information relation to to to its this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) SERVICE NEW ZEALAND FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New
The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that the to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that customers really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to customers to that century ease of to this ease of to people of their the when thinking of that. Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com user microwave EMS3067X MWO+Grill+Convection