INSTR INSTR UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET INSTR INSTR INSTRUCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction the built-in EOS GB IE
Information This to the British This heavy. when both and the using the to the Child This to operated allow children to near or with the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. You MUST hese or using the If Customer other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to cool and switch off the carrying cleaning or Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information please of the with to and the of off the catches, to children The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the this instruction reference and to owner.
the the Information of the the the and The Chart Defrosting Cleaning the of Catalytic Something Working Service and Customer Conditions to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions instructions operation and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directives); Directive) and Technical Building
of the Grill/roasting Function Thermostat Light Thermostat Light Cooling Light shelf Plate
Function The off light The light without cooking function Can The Recommended Thermal This function offers ternative of cooking food items, normally associated with The and the together, around the food. using the thermal cooking function, of 200C. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without Defrost This to thawing of food. Thermostat (C) Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and 230C (MAX). Thermostat Light The thermostat light when the thermostat turned. The light the reached. It then and off to the Light The light when the function The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself.
The cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This Shelf The four The counted from the of the as shown the Shelf with to allow when or the shelves. the right and completely as shown the the or the the then them the the to the the completely the This the and
the First both and the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This the ventilated. The the of (please the instructions). the of with the chapter Switch the to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the function approximately To the catch the its
The the of the operated without the of the supply switched or the of the To the of Press or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of Press repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then as The of only function (cook or of cooking Duration function This function allows the to switch off the of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the Press or the seconds: the Duration" and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the and the to the of selecting function Decreasing Increasing Duration of of
of function With this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The Then, as follows: To the of cooking Press or the seconds: the of and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, and the Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the of cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and of cooking The functions and of cooking to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the of cooking function the of cooking as the chapter) the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the function The sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, To the Press repeatedly to the function. The flashing. Then, or hours, the seconds: the At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Press repeatedly to the function. The and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press or three buttons and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the The switched off other functions
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the The four shelf and with shelves. The counted from the of the It that these shelves correctly as shown the directly the base. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the shelf which the and and Steam The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This absolutely back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then to each of the cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce and browning. with and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
The The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher the preheated first, cooking than Follow the the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating This that batches of the food cooked the the the top slightly than the This There of dishes. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the only and Shelf the shelves spaced. than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the food, of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack.
Chart- the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH NOTES CAKES and cake Shortbread dough and cake cake cake Apple and cake and cake cake and cake Christmas cake cake and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Pheasant Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and This chart as only. It to increase or the to to the If to cook than the to them the Shelf counted from of the If to cook than the that the cooking of the to of dishes. cooking (C)
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the the function to the thermostat to the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. to the The heat to the of the the cooking to the function to the thermostat to the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH MAX MAX MAX MAX MAX MAX (breast) MAX MAX MAX MAX Toast MAX The chart as and should to the thickness of the and its and should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the preferred. Food should thoroughly to splashing. and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. OI C
to the Thermal Thermal offers of cooking food items normally associated with The and the alternately, around the food. The to and the food reduced. Thermal to cooking the With the of and thermally the foods would normally cook therefore food to cook with thermal with One of the that cooked the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the Select of 200C the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart Thermal the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about using the thermal cooking function, of 200C. TYPE OF DISH Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of defrosting. please that the of the influence the of defrosting. This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. Cover food with or to defrosting. ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this to Defrosting Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF C and foods the as and lightly with or to them and
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and or to the carrying and cleaning operations, that from the supply. The should build- of or other fire, the Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Bath/Sink Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT clean the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, using cleaner. DO NOT to Shelves and Shelf Supports To the shelves, and with and with cloth. The easy cleaning. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the shelf with the other the and off the once the cleaning the following the Please, the when the cleaning the shelf to the grease the This to their operation.
Cleaning the The following instructions to the as the If the reversed, please that the to the right and to switched. With the right hand, the (A) while off the B with the hand. the the right to release and then the A from C. the D with the and the C off from its that D to from tighly the D with both and from its the clean the and the to the only and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the cleaning, the D back its To correctly mount the D (with the the with to the that, when touching the sight, the light roughness of the the back, C its and, then: C C
the right of the A the located C. the of the A the located B. B its and the assembly and or to the using and cleaning with soft cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the If necessary, to the This should authorized ONLY. Customers recommended to this themselves. This chargeable the Light If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the disconnected from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. C
of Catalytic Catalytic splashes of food and when the to around 220C. To this to the hour or without food, to performance from the Catalytic and cleaning of the Catalytic recommended. cleaners and other used. and polishing of the Catalytic This the Catalytic Follow the to reduce to reduce the recommended Higher roasting increase Something If the correctly, please the following Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The cooking to increased of and often the or when roasting meat; brushing with the roasting increase splashing and It NOT to to the meat when roasting. The and the from the as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow and this of allowing the to cook through the overbrowned. the roasting roasting, the from the beneath the and therefore from the 'Catalytic' SOLUTION that the of the chapter the of that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and the Light") The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Work- the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height Width of the cavity Height The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth only type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the Heating rating Thermal Convection Light Cooling Convection It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth The yellow and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
EOS
CUSTOMER CARE High Street Slough SL1 1DZ The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl