247-A-240203-06 information EOC6690
Customer, Please this instruction please the section the first Please this instruction reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to
Instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first the the the brightness of the displays. Initial cleaning the The Functions Attaching/Removing the Other functions Clock Functions Additional functions of the buttons The function and Roasting Roasting Meat Thermal Preserving Drying with the
Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. Carrying the cleaning Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives. Instructions Instructions the Conditions Service and
Instructions The only connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the recycled. Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them inoperable that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from Council or Health Office.
of the Appliance
Functions Shelf Clock Functions Top heat and heating Selection/ Functions lighting Meat heating Heat
Combination dishes, cake items roasting and with the as collecting the amounts of food Meat the internal and exactly of meat cooked
the first the The operates when the the connected to the electricity and following the arrow flashes. the the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready
the Switch the pressing the Press the and the Clock Functions buttons the the of the displayed. Press the and the Clock Functions buttons the to the selected
the of the The of the that to the high Switch the the Press the and the Clock Functions the Turn the function once. the the Press the and the Clock Functions buttons the to the
Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and clean them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth.
the The Functions Functions hints switch the first the the selected function the to heat, or the of to The light when function selected. Switch off the the sounds when the reached. the Turn the to the right or to the within the to or function. the the of Clock Functions Clock/Countdown Meat Selection/
Functions The the following The Top Heat/Bottom Heat and All-Round functions include function. This that the selected reached as as 180C roasting and to three the the 20-40C than Top/Bottom Heat. The heating and the Heat 200C and frying/roasting shelf The Top and Heat heating 200C and The heating and Heat and the (Thermal 180C roasting of meat or This function and The heating and the 250C foods the of the or toasting The heating 250C foods or toasting The Top Heat and heating
Top Heat 120C browning/topping cakes, and and The Top Heat heating Heat 120C with crusty Heat 80C The Top and Heat heating Defrost 30C defrosting and thawing and other foods. With this function, the without heating. self-cleaning. this splashes and the and washed off once the cooled. The heated to C.
Switching the Switch the the Turn the the function appears. The recommended If this recommended within seconds, the to heat the Turn the to or the The of C. Thermometer The thermometer the to which the already heated. The three of the thermometer that the other that the heating function operation. Ascertaining the Press switch The appear the
the function Turn the the function appears. Switching off the function To switch off the the there displayed. Switching off the Switch the off the switch Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off.
Attaching/Removing the The useful the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the curely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Other functions the this instruction this function. Choose Press the appears the Choose the the function selector. The function shows the the function and the recommended function. The shows the selected The shows the cooking and of cooking about seconds, the sounds the of cooking cooking this sounds the of cooking flashes the Press of the buttons to the The of cooking the clock function). The clock function the first of cooking the the of cooking Press the appear the
Meat which the switched off. The meat with Heat and There to Roasting Core Meat only the meat supplied! If replacing, only the as the meat the that the the the the the of the as as the function. the within seconds, or The to the
The C. If the to displayed the the Meat and then the To the the Meat the with- seconds, or the the meat reached, sounds and the switches off matically. Press of the to the The meat when the and the the meat from its and the meat of the If required, switch off the Checking or the The Meat to switch and You the as using or
Clock Functions Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the operation of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First hints clock function selected, the related arrow flashes around seconds. this the the or the the arrow flashes around seconds. The arrow then The to
Countdown the the countdown arrow flash- the of the seconds the the amount of The countdown arrow flash. the of acoustic sound and the countdown arrow flash. To switch the off: Press
Select the function and the the the cook arrow flashing. the cooking the The cook arrow the of acoustic sound The switch off. and the cook arrow flash. To switch the off: Press
the cook Select the function and the the the arrow flashing. the switching-off the The cook arrow the of acoustic sound The switch off. and the cook arrow flash. To switch the off: Press
and functions The cook function and the function ously the to switch and off Select the function and the the cooking the cook function hour. the function the which the to ready. The cook arrow and arrow The switch the (as the of cooking (as acoustic sound and the switch off.
the pressing the the arrow flashing. the the seconds the arrow flashing and the clock the as The ready The the child switched off, of the clock functions such as cook or cook and of the functions
Additional functions The brightness of the reduced and Switching off the You to switching off the Switch off the required) the Press the meat and the becomes seconds).. The switches cally when the used. The when the switched off. to the showing stantly to switch the Switching the Switch off the required) the Press the meat and the reappears seconds). The security The from the the child security switched Switching the child security fuction selected. Press the and the CHILD SAFETY appears the The security tion.
Switching off the security Press the and the CHILD SAFETY from the disply. The switched off and the ready of the To from Switching the function Switch the off) pressing the Select function. Press the and the LOCK appears the The function tion. Switching off the function Press the and the seconds. The the of buttons when the switched off.
The function The switches off switched off of or the The to flashes the and sounds. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours the following the Switch the off completely. Switch and the operated as
and the or function. of and coated Light and Shelf It to items and to three trays: and trays: shelf and
Information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! the of the shelf. or with cake them the shelf. There increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes the the information cooking and shelf selection of dishes. The and cooking these the and cake used. the first the and only higher necessary, increased or the cooking too If information of formation or than once the increased Items that might should only Variations the height of the item to to of the of this please the the of cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated, the information the with
The stated only. Recommended cooking shelf and type of or cake or ring-shaped cakes cake Apple thin Shortcrust the cake cake (DIN) C Shelf tion Shelf C
of or cake Yeast dough cakes Plaited cake sugar-topped with Apple (DIN) (round Meringues Items with Choux C Shelf tion Shelf C
of or cake Shortcrust and and white Dishes Pre-heat the C Shelf tion Shelf C
of Shelf or cake C Also the instructions other Follow the structions as stated the the below tion with the instructions as stated the Follow the tions as stated the
The stated only. of or cake Shelf C Shortcrust the cake French Yeast Shortcrust and and and with and Pre-heat the
foods of or Shelf cake C the instructions other Follow the instructions as stated the the below tion ance with the structions as the Follow the tions as stated the
Roasting roasting the function. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to instructions!). You roasting directly the or the with the below of roasting of meat with marinated meat). this the meat its You of meat that to or without of poultry, If roasting the dirty! Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The infor- mation roasting meat and the from of To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and with meat This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting Table the or the Roasting Food to roasted Shelf C roasting Meat of thickness thickness of Poultry Roasting items the or coated with
Roasting Food to roasted Shelf C Trout Trout with breadcrumbs Poultry Pre-heat the
Meat C or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
the or function with the with the closed. pre-heat the the and Shelf foods, the from the to the The only, and the type and of the or of meat and Turn about through
item tion of of to and Coiled to to Whole Toast (without top- C Univer- Shelf
Thermal Function: Thermal roasting C Univer- Shelf Turn
Preserving the heat function. Preserving only that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving The and Preserves C Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, hours cooking C with switched off
Drying with the with greaseproof or You switch the off through the and to cool, preferably overnight. Then the food. Beans Mushrooms Apricots Pears hours C
cake tins) wheat Beat the and the to the with the and and to the lightly. of the greased the of the with the and top of the white to the through the white to then the
White yeast or wheat white Instructions: the the and to C. Crumble the yeast and together with the the and then the together to smooth dough. to thoroughly and the Grease and the dough them. to then the
of of trout grated chopped Instructions: the the and while to Then, off with towel. Finally, the both with the and flame-proof the and chopped parsley, and top of the the and as required. Flame-proof
round the following should Dough: yeast grated the yeast the the and the as as to smooth yeast dough, which to the of the the to about the dough ungreased and the the shown to about then
and of grated or fresh the thin them, and with and flame-proof with of garlic, and grease with of the the grated top, the top, then with the Crush the other of and with the and and the the the of the and top of the Gratin.
Pastry: wheat cooled ground grated or or chives, chopped and the and greased the the of the and the the the the whisk the with the and chives, and season with the and the the the
Meat onion and celery minced meat sheets (ready cooked) heaped Instructions: knife, the from the and and finely. the onion and the and the celery, and them finely. Heat the the and and while the as browns, and with the meat Season the with the and cover and heat around Meanwhile, the the the and yellow. constantly, the Season with the and and around the Grease with of ternate layers of meat, and grated the The should with the of the top, the the from the and around with grated to and
each) bunch the of the and around hour. the and and with cloth. Season the and the with the of and the the the the the and neath.
of cloves of of onions celery starch the and crush with heaped of the of lightly and the the onions; and the and celery. Chop them coarsely. Heat the cooking and sear of the the onions, and celery, and lightly the with of and the meat the shelf from the and the around hours, turning and often with the Meanwhile, the and the around the of cooking lightly the the the meat of the and to the (switched off) around Meanwhile, heat the the with the or and to the the and parsley. the starch with to the and season to with and the the bone, the meat and the the
of off the onions, of the with and the onions, and the meat together with the the or and cook. through cooking the meat the cooking the and the switch off and the to around the Universal or
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. The switched off functions to lected) and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt which the of the when the function used. The light switches when the Every the with and then items. Clean with Information: There to the cleaning If to follow the instructions. Accessories each and to them to clean.
Carrying the cleaning Warning: The becomes this to from the carry- the cleaning function. If other these the cleaning process. Carrying the cleaning function patches of first. Select the cleaning function. PYROLYSE NORMAL displayed the function appear the cook The switch off the The Length arrow seconds. Following this, the cleaning function The lighting operation. The becomes when reached. The active the becomes the of the cleaning function Proceed as Carrying the cleaning function. While Length flashing with the of the cleaning function: PYROLYSE ECO/2:15 or PYROLYSE INTENSIVE/3:15 The Length arrow seconds. Following this, the cleaning function If Length flashing, the Clock and then the function the cleaning switch-off The cleaning switch-off the clock function. to each cleaning PYROLYSE ECO cleaning lightly PYROLYSE NORMAL cleaning PYROLYSE INTENSIVE cleaning heavily
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the oured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four mounted the other. The cleaning. The following to when the If the while the attached, the it to and Rough of the the of the front to Removing the the and, with the the of neath and the and the free. the and the the of their another and them the they free. the and them Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located, the other. the and them the of the as the as they the From the the section of the which the located. the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the
What to The heat. The Switch the switched F appears the Press the The heating and the function arrow light The light The the and If to the with the please or Service Force Repairs to the should service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the incorrectly, the service or that of the free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The the The the The the tripped. The the tic tripped. the If the repeatedly, please the function to ZERO. switch off the Press and the three heard.
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of and household EN EN EN EN relating to tion (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The only and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to from the with of least isolation (screw- type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They with with matching
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the comply to the below. UK type PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the properly earthed. The should these butyl insulated
Conditions that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account try. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
C Child Cleaning light Pre-cleaning Clock the Clock Functions Combination Defrost of the Meat Other functions light operating Preserving Preserving Table heat cleaning) Shelf and What to
Service and If to purchase or Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following informa- tion: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further formation products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
247-A-240203-06 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the