Built-In EOB51000
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service and The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and ation. Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the
of the Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating shelf lighting heating
Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
the first the first Initial Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Functions Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the functions and back to the Light Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off automatically. operating the
operating the Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. with heating Defrost defrosting and or other fro- foods food items and toasting to three shelves the the C than when top heat
This function the operation. Turn the to then back to the of sounded when the To the to the To the the the back to OFF. operating the
operating the the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the that the feet the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and the roasting together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected operating the
operating the The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of meat or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and
and function: Convection with heating With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and Convection with heating bright and
and instructions With Convection with heating cakes the to each other the shelf. This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear
to the The the and shelf selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and or the too higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and Bread, cake cake cake Christmas cake sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat with heating Shelf- C
than of Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating Shelf from C and
and The enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/mix- too Shorten Dough/mixture too slightly higher to using and crease the dough/mixture the
Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat Convection with heating Shelf and C
and Roasting function: Convection with heating Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below meat, roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat.
Meat, roasting, Meat of Yorkshire Pre-Heat Convection with heating Shelf tion C and
and Poultry, Quantity Lancashire, Meat Loaf Poultry steamed) Whole Convection with heating Shelf C
Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Food Meat, through the Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Further frosting the through the and
and function: with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the functions the shelf the recommended the collecting the the first shelf from the The only. of meat or
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours and
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to off and allowed to burn To the switch the light the with of and to with cleaner. Warning: If using please follow the structions exactly. (shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and cleaning and
cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
The heating to to the roof. the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the cleaning and
cleaning and Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It the with the facing thing and to scratch- cleaning and
cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of Position the the bottom of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first cleaning and
cleaning and of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then the back From the the the of the and
of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped cleaning and
cleaning and the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The heat. The switched The light If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty The The tection tripped. The the with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to what to Switch the the the or protection If these tripped repeatedly, should
The to to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the specifications UK tion It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The sponsibility should these type PVC/PVC and earth 15A 20A
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they combined with from the instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Guarantee/Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and the ity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The iced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights. service or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that
service This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 service
service SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or the or www.electrolux.co.uk. service and
service and Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk 081-A-141206-01