GB IE EOG
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
and Information of the Appliance the the first the and Roasting Cleaning and If Something Technical Instructions the Conversion from to LPG Instructions Building Guarantee/Customer Service to the instructions instructions instructions and This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive); (EMC Directive); Directive); and MANUFACTURER: ELECTROLUX ITALIA S.P.A. (PN)
and Information these instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the user to these instructions and the accompanying information. These the of the users and those with them. You MUST these or using the If Customer This and serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to Installations I.S.813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. This heavy. when both and the the to the The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where This cooking other the or the of cooking of the of which of the cook with the closed, when when the The heat of the heating the shelves and other If should whatever reason to cook food the allow to with the of the cleaning the with anything the grease fitted), the heating and the thermostat
If to of to this or to its specifications. the roasting and process, the and the other of the children should from the to the that with or caught the to or of the cleaning the from cleaning the the off or the that the the OFF when the used. This as or as with the phase to V. The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the People This It to allow to or with Children should while the Also, switched the off, This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from using the without or instruction to that they the Customer Service and/or repairs the service or service authorised the and to the the of malfunctions or Repairs or The the or its that this to treated as household Instead to the recycling of and The of this to the and health. and health incorrect information about recycling of this please town household service or the where purchased the
of the Appliance and Cooling Roasting Light Plate Plate Shelf
function off On (heat from the of On (heat from the top) The light when the function The the of with acoustic The Turn the clockwise to the then back to the The the operation, The cooling The cooling to cool the the and the blown through the the the switched off, the switch off.
the the first both and the using the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused the ventilated. Light the the and the to Allow the to This should repeated with the function Then the cool Then cloth with and and this to clean the cavity. using the first the as To the the the
the The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of it to allow of or heat to Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the shelf which the shelf food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the cooking process. cook with the closed, when clear when the allow to the the The four and with shelf. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly positioned. cookware directly the base. to the the should as as to heat and To the Press the to and the to This seconds. release the
the It to the through the the of the ignition, the about seconds, then release and to the If the light seconds: Release the and to the the and least trying to light the If the the to the and least trying to light the The (Thermocouple); the should extinguish reason, the the flow. to the with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the To the Press the to and the to This seconds. release the the the through the ignition, the about seconds releasing If the light seconds: Release the and to the the and least trying to light the If the the to the and least trying to light the The (Thermocouple); the should extinguish reason, the the flow. and which withstand of 240C. trays, dishes, should the base. than as they the of heat and performance.
The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning. On foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and neath the when toasting that the top with the its 'high' The food should turned as required. foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top with the its 'high' The food should turned as required. the with and roasting or the as otherwise the the heat build-up. to the and amounts of the dishes. the of first cooking or roasting to of the dishes. Based to the the
and Toasting include pre-heating. The should pre-heated TYPE OF DISH MEAT POULTRY with bone 2or3 without bone 2or3 2or3 2or3 2or3 2or3 2or3 2or3 YORKSHIRE PUDDING 2or3 2or3 to the PASTRY 2or3 2or3 Choux 2or3 2or3 2or3 of the PUDDINGS Custard 2or3 2or3 Meringues 2or3 the CAKES 2or3 of the 2or3 2or3 (left+right) of the cake 2or3 cake YEAST MIXTURES 2or3 the 2or3 the and 2or3 Tea 2or3 2or3 Shortbread 2or3 If cook than the them the C NOTES
include pre-heating. The should pre-heated The The to to GRILL FOOD TIME each each each Chops: each each whole trout/herring each each each each each as each each each Browning
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and cool The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. carrying cleaning operation, the from the supply. To to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with cleaners. the and with cloth. If there or The and highly The action of (from or however rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the of the Clean the thoroughly every This the to off. It burnt Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Harsh should cleaning the and using cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and using Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further.
Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. Shelves and Shelf Supports To the shelves and the and with and with cloth. The shelf easy cleaning. the fixing which the carrying this operation, the with the other hand. Then, the and off the Then, the shelf following the Please, the when the shelf Cleaning the Clean the with and softh cloth only. Once the cleaning the following the or that the cleaned using and cleaning with cloth.
or products as they the Clean the following the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further.
The Light the If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the isolated from the supply. and the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply.
If Something If the correctly, please the following the Service PROBLEM The or the light. Food cooking too or too The light The cooking evenly. Steam and the food and the cavity. If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service SOLUTION that the switched the or that the supply the cooling to cool the or that there with supply. that the recommended and the light and the Light"). that the properly. or that the recommended and shelf the cooking completed, the the than or to the of this to the chapter the customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Technical Heating light Cooling rating rating Appliance G20 (2H) Appliance II2H3+ Appliance of the Height top Height (LPG)
This with the and Regulations and the I.E.E. Regulations. contained the following British of B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S. Editions and the ETCI Installations. This connected to combustion products It and connected with the regulations. to the The the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to and with of If the which directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the B.S. Editions should to the the of Ireland please to the NSAI- I.S. Editions Table Location of The located or bathroom, shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to these the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S Edition Section Locations of Appliance. This or If the to built- it recommended that the the
Instructions the and with the force. interventions when the switched off. accredited the The the Connecting to the supply connecting to the supply, please The and the the of the rating The with earth with the force. The or the off switch easy to the It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow- earth The earth should than the and wires. and connecting, the that reach of Earth (yellow-green) least
than 60C the the connected, that the and the tion the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these The with easily which to with single-phase supply of V. or Earth This earthed The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H05 RR-F
The of hoses Connecting the to the supply The of hoses The supply located the of the right the To the Partially the the (about and the from The to of the following A) with (with to only) screw the to the the the and the B) with the the the and the supplied). the of to the and to to the supply Completely the the and as indicated the the of the A) from B) from from supply supply supply
the the supply and the while the the recess. The of cooking the of heat and the which it that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
GAS INJECTOR NOMINAL NOMINALGAS REDUCED BY-PASS NOMINAL TYPE MARK GAS FLOW IN GAS NEEDLE GAS POWER POWER PRESSURE (G20) LPG (G30/G31) GAS INJECTOR NOMINAL NOMINALGAS REDUCED BY-PASS NOMINAL TYPE MARK GAS FLOW IN GAS NEEDLE GAS POWER POWER PRESSURE (G20) LPG (G30/G31)
Conversion from to LPG IMPORTANT The from to LPG should and It to that this with with LPG the fitted. The to of To the injector, follow this the of the (A) to the the fixing screws (C) which the Gently the off the (D) and to the that the off the mouthpiece, and to to the (E) and the thermocouple (F) With and the (D), and with the Reassemble the following the backwards. The regulation.
of To the follow this the fixing screws (A) which the Gently the off its and to to the (B) and the thermocouple (D) With and the (C), and with the Reassemble the following the backwards. The of Once both the the and the replaced, the which to the type and the located the The with the C
of This and only. the from the supply. the With thin screwdriver, completely the screw (A). the following the backwards. the supply. the supply the back their Light the the chapter), the and the heat that the when turning the from to Should the when the whole from to obtained the crown.
Instructions Building functioning of the built- the or the which the built with the regulations force, which the shock protection of and insulated such that they without These include the fixing of the or of of built-in The shock protection the building of the The with its back or higher or walls. other or of the height as the the other A) Instructions Building functioning of the built- the or the which the built B- C). C
the Appliance to the the the to the the four which exactly the the and then the four screws provided.
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase
Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.co.uk R.A