EOG
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the to The to cook food and other and from the The instructions and where fitted. If the that instructions followed. If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something the rating plate from the as this the
the information The cooling the light Lighting the The The and The and cooking charts cooking The and cooking and cleaning What and light Servicing Instructions Technical Location of Testing Conditions
the This and serviced as stated the edition. It that the supply. should the This with height Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
information To the from please these instructions You should to cooking and as these from You to these with the of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the housing and finish. To to the housing or the or when using the or If housing the the become when the perishable foods the the The cooling the cooling The cooling to as as light the or You to hear the when The cooling to turned off the or It switch and off the cooled If to off the supply to the should the cooling the or from the cavity and the below the to too to the or while information
information The and light when the If, reason of the the relight Please You the with the or You the when the closed. You the and together. You the or the of light light. The light when the or The light usually months. If the light to the to light Connecting to the electricity supply This cooker earthed and protected The with the directly to three earthed If to the with which ASTA to BS the the cover back If the cover from The or If the off of it as shock the house. If the there with the supply. the trying another of that correctly the the If the there the which right. with rating higher than other the and
Lighting the To light: the the and to the highest This shown cover the or with as this to fires To light: the the and to the there first. the to the the showing the Lighting the
Lighting the To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the
The that the without food to off from the this emitted, therefore to You the when the when the used. should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. The high should cooking such as toast. to cook thicker foods such as the high You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. The should the without the plate The of the You the to of food. If the whilst the and hear The relight when the The
The food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight the shelf. This useful when the top of food such as Preheating You usually to preheat the You to preheat of when cooking or food. food the food such as toast, and the of the If food this it rotating food which heat, such as and the of the meat products and to their thickness and them cooked. shelf You should the shelf without the when the If to completely, as as the front and To the the front the the the front and the when toasting and the height of the to Shelf counted from the top
Dishes, and should directly the as becomes and the attempting to the should when or the and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire, the The
The The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force
To the of the food when the should the the to to food. the heat to. Plate the the below the to plates the when the turned and the The heat from the the The
The The the when the the should with cloth. This that the without food to off from the this emitted, therefore to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the You the of the to If cooking than of items, or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to Preheating You to preheat the and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the to preheat the
shelves The shelves of The top should only. the shelves If to completely, as as the front and To the the front the the the front and the The counted from the top and recommended the cooking charts and cooking to least shelves to allow the heat to properly. You the shelf with the the top to the other or below the where there the shelf with the higher when cooking The recommended the cooking charts the The
The and the that which If or which than this, to turn around the of the shelf. You to items around Roasting roasting or to It necessary to meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to cooktimes. If roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and try to that food which of covered. If straight cooking dishes, and the This the as as the and possibly the the of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the
If cooking than of items, or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher to These instructions cooking the pre-heated using shelves the shelf with the the higher least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the the the of the shelf. cooking chart and and and and and and and and cooking Shelf Roasting meat: Food Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Recommended with cooking chart
cooking chart The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow and and and as including stuffing Thoroughly thaw cooking them. each Christmas cake Yorkshire cooking Shelf below and Poultry: Food hours. hours. hours. Recommended with
cooking Shelf Food Profiteroles Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) To the cook or plates and to cook. hours. and Yeast You then them them to Recommended with cooking chart
cooking cooking The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat foods such as and cooking the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally Food of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. least hours. cook of meat thermometer, that the the least o C. the roasting or Thaw meat and cook of meat from off and first.
Soups, and cook cook cook the the of the or food with tight or to hours. beans then to meat To from to hours. the the such as the and cover the with hours. foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of retained there seasoning the of the cooking slightly there cooking
cooking and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. Reheating Cool food and then the reheat food using the cook food the or microwave. reheat food once.
The Please that this hour clock, shown as the following to the through them with the as reference when the If the switched off the or there of the clock and to the first switch the electricity supply the flash. the hours of and the If function selected the brighter the function It then back to the To the of Turn and the to The cook showing the turning the clockwise. the turning the To the Turn the to 'Countdown' Turn the clockwise the shows the shows the to the the clock the of turning the to At the of the sound. Switch off the turning the to Selector Cookpot The
The the the first to choose when That to everything correctly and when from the the This easy. to through the below. The clock the the electricity supply the clock showing the the food to cook? To and the to and the Turn the to Then the the of the food to cook shows the The cooking hours and
What the food to cooked by? to Turn the to The of the Turn the Turn the to then to the The shown the chart of the when the the food to cooked hours and the food hours). The clock what the switch and the off the Once the finished there and the flashes to that to the operation. To this the to Turn off the To If and to that the to and the shows the Turn the to Turn the to Turn the the the to switch off shows the The cookpot The than hours from the of the of the the the The
The and cooking the instructions the with the operation. If the used, allow to cool completely You should food the as as cooking food to the when finished You should and to eaten once, If food from the as as cooked that the food covered. Choose perishable foods weather. Food should fresh and preferably straight from the of and completely Dishes containing cooked meat or should cooked there Choose which the cooking allowed foods or or or or This or shorter cooking respectively. Further the foods higher or the as the top of the than the to and choose which the together. food the cover with or where and the of and of with or to to browning. should If which to cook, should the with the It to cook them the hotplate whilst dishing the of the
and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean using cloth that and cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the You the when cleaning the Cleaning the plated and (where fitted) It strongly recommended that cleaning the and the other cleaning the plated finish. The The and and should cleaned with such as or or such as and cleaning
and cleaning The Clean the of the the shelves, the meat and the while they slightly This easily splashes and You The heat the the of the the shelf. You the from the shelf. You the shelf to cleaning If cleaners the they the Council (VEDC) of Follow the instructions the cleaning and the with to becoming cleaning products the top, and back of The top, and back of coated which to clean. Follow these to the appearance of the finish. or they too high the If they to the Cover roasting with This roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there Follow the cleaning regularly.
cleaning You to follow the to the of the The type of cooking often to follow the If of roasting and should follow the cleaning once If roasting to follow the cleaning every To cleaning the shelves. the to least Turn the to hours or the clean. cleaning or the of the the finish. Cleaning the outer and You the from the To the outer the the head screws the top of the these screws screwdriver. You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the holding the the from the top of the the of the and cleaning
and cleaning both the top of the slightly to the the of the Clean the and using and such as the holding both and the the of the the of the the top of the towards the and the screw location the top of the that correctly positioned. You this through the the top of the and that the screw location the with and the head screws the location with the other hand. Tighten the screws using screwdriver. the Cleaning The To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please Service who pleased to further.
What and why? strongly that the following Service The or light. that the switched the that the to that the supply the cooling to cool the that the switched the and allow the cooling to cool the that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that the recommended and and to the or to the The cooking evenly. that the properly and that the recommended and If or which than the recommend, to round If cooking item to round cleaning of the that following the instructions and cleaning What and why?
What and why? The light that the The light when cooking If to the light The that the instructions closely followed. The or that the It that the to to
light You screw with rating of T300. the cool the the and the shelves. the cover and then it off. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the shelves. the back the electricity supply. the of The light covered the light
Servicing Service and the of service or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force covering customers Ireland should telephone through the information the heading 'What and why? customers should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service try to the of the cooker's and of this information this G.C.
to or the as this that service Customer concerning cooker or further information products, invited to Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone telephone directory Servicing
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and L.P. of this Check that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height N/A of Appliance Clearance top of Appliance to of CONNECTIONS Hose Rear top right of B.S.P. Right hand of B.S.P. Rear of hand 240V GENERAL Eaton EL191 Top right SOVRBB01G IGNITION H.T. 240V APCO D9805 GRILL with expanded Heat OVEN Sheet mounted of Heat 'H' G.S.D. 'H' G.S.D100/30 Thermostat 'H' 1100/141/B2 'H'1100/142/B2 Thermostat
IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions. the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and BS.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This to combustion products It and connected with the regulations. to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the that If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE The located or located bathroom shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to The following internal Height NOTE: Where with the clearance of top and If the to to or that the heat with the fitted. These located the front and the fixing screws Section). This or If the to that the the L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other FIG.1 recommended
INSTALLATION FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET It recommended that hose (B.F.S.) and straight (B.F.S.) the installation. hose of the used. IMPORTANT: comply with BS editions. L.P.G. of type L.P.G. and of operation to and or NOTE: threaded P.T.F.E. and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the The to the the right the or should accordingly. the as that the the to NOTE: It that the the to both the and the allow children to with of the the section the section If the and fixing to located the located the as indicated hose to the supply The hose should enough to allow the to from the the front of the and the Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this hose to the N.B. people to the Warning: to this the the the the hose and trapped. the as back as and the the four screws provided, the indicated NOTE: If the heat they should located the front and the four screws. Carry NOTE: supply SECTION HEAT DEFLECTOR FIG.2 FIXING POINTS
INSTALLATION FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the as that the the to allow children to with of the NOTE: It that the the to both the and the the section installation: the section and the the supply the right of the the screws the the and assembly from the back of the the from the and assembly. The the installation. The should connected to the supply "B.S.P. straight the supply with the the of the the upwards. the front of the and the Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this N.B. people to the Warning: to this the the the the supply the the of the and the trapped the the as back as the supply through the and through and the to the four screws the indicated NOTE: If the heat they should located the front and the four screws. Tighten the the supply Carry soundness NOTE: supply Section GAS INLET SUPPLY BLOCK FIG.4 FIG.3
CONNECTION TO ELECTRICITY SUPPLY WARNING: This earthed, earth this to the supply This connected to 220V-240V supply which incorporates If other type of should incorporate the or or the board. The with of with moulded If this to allow the to the supply the supply least sectional B.E.A.B. sealed with DO NOT EXTEND THE CABLE USING PLASTIC OR CERAMIC CONNECTION TERMINAL BLOCKS AND/OR INSULATION TAPE. If the supply recommended that the of the to the the Should the to threaded through the from the If the off of as shock the house. To to the of the the wires as follows: BROWN to the BLUE to the GREEN and YELLOW to the earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which GREEN and YELLOW connected to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured GREEN or GREEN and YELLOW. The which coloured BLUE to the which with the 'N' or coloured The which coloured BROWN connected to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. FIT AMP FUSE TO THE PLUG FUSE HOLDER GREEN AND YELLOW FIG.5 BLUE BROWN FIG.6 AMP
PRESSURE TESTING The located the right hand of the Access to the through the top right of the the head anticlockwise from the the to the the supply turning the thermostat to Then the electricity supply. Allow the to light and flow to The should L.P. Turn off the electricity and the thermostat; the and the Turn and soundness. NOTE: The supply to the FIG.7 PRESSURE TEST POINT RE-ASSEMBLE THE APPLIANCE the section below). the section A. REMOVAL OF FASCIA PANEL the and the four screws each which the of the the of the the to from the top fixing NOTE: The thermostat and attached to the To the top mounts becoming necessary to the top fixing FIG.8 INLET ELBOW
B. REMOVAL OF OVEN DOOR the to there To the clear the the slightly whilst towards Reassemble CHECKING THE GRILL the the With the the that there from This should the alight. There switch which off the supply to the when the closed. that closing the the supply should off to the the closed. NOTE The to TO SET THE TIME OF DAY To the clock Turn electricity supply and that the thermostat the off clock to the the of rotating the right NOTE that hour clock. the to the CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN the clock as section the clock ready operation. Turn the thermostat to and that there from the This should the alight. the lights the should there should first to the which the (F.S.D.) the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the thermostat to the and that the reduced. Turn off the thermostat and that the FIG.9 HINGE STIRRUP FIG.10
AUTOMATIC OPERATION the clock as the to the and the right to cooking of Turn the to the the shown the the of with the right to to this to Turn the to the to the the clock shows the of with the continuously. Turn the thermostat and the should lighting the lighting the should switch off the supply to the and the should sound. If the switched off rotating the to rotating the to the GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the of the
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating plate The only, and with the instructions The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property This to and other rights and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The account country please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough EOG
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION Heat Deflector Fixing Shelf Shelf with Plate If This from Service Force This the printed. this the or appearance
ELECTROLUX, HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE,SL1 1DZ TELEPHONE Household Appliances EOG660