MC2662E Microwave
Dear Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and technology. that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning, to follow instructions This further information concerning the of the The and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
instructions Appliance Microwave first the clock the when the clock the STOP Child Microwave cooking Food characteristics Microwave cookware Microwave Microwave cooking defrosting Microwave seconds cook operation charts cook charts cook charts cleaning What to Specifications information Service information
instructions instructions instructions: and reference To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and These and free from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, only food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this To the of Warning! the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The and that they
or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of cover which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions Cleaning. to the to of the that the of the and possibly with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the microwave To the of shock should the outer or the or the of turn off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and Warning! and other heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving wide-mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. instructions
instructions It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated microwave they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the to them burning themselves. To Warning! allow children to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to heating to food as they
Other the This food and cooking It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when empty. or self-heating heat-resistant such as to to the and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and arcing. the the turntable and the turntable this the without the To the from cleaning the with the to cool. foods or foods or the outer operation. If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of microwave or malfunction. instructions
Appliance Appliance Microwave cover cavity and Fixing cover Rear supply to the following provided: Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown) the turntable the the of the cavity. Then the turntable the To turntable or clear of the when them from the please items: and to or Service Force
AUTO COOK AUTO COOK AUTO DEFROST POWER LEVEL TIMER/WEIGHT START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPENING Microwave Clock Appliance
first first The ENERGY SAVE the The the and the the and displayed. The count from to reached, the and the To the clock. To when the clock the seconds, then the the clock The hour clock. To the clock to the The the and the Whilst the the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/QUICK once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/QUICK the the You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or anti-clockwise. ENERGY SAVE when the clock AUTO AUTO AUTO
the when the clock or To the clock to the Press and the START/QUICK seconds. The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/QUICK once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/QUICK once. the the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily once. Child The which the of the child. the of the the To the child lock. Press and the seconds. The and LOC displayed: To the and the seconds, the and the of displayed. Child the clock first AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave cooking Microwave cooking Microwave cooking To cook/defrost food the microwave to through the to the food. Therefore to choose cookware. Round/oval to as the food the corners to It to turn, rearrange or food to heating. cooking as the heat to throughout the food. high or Christmas heating should as overheating to fire. Food the amount of cooking Light foods, such as cakes or cook than heavy, foods, such as roasts and The cooking increased as the amount of food the increases. four to cook than foods and cook than ones, as microwaves from to the cooking the the which such as breasts or to cook the thicker Round cook than when microwave The of food affects the amount of cooking needed. Chilled foods of food to cook than food foods with doughnuts, to release heat or the thickest of food the of the or with shell, or cooking or reheating as and food to should heated as they cooking poached, boiled. and cooking to and rearrange food and rearrange rearrange from the the cooking to the heat to throughout the food. of food become shielded with of which microwaves, and Food characteristics
Microwave cookware Microwave of to shield food from overheating. least from the walls, as arcing recommended specified the follow instructions Browning follow the instructions. heating as these become and Porcelain, pottery, earthenware and those with should using as or crack heated It recommended to cookware when wave as which to fire. as or food high Cling Should the food and to the roasting to microwave or as they or catch fire to the arcing. plates or to as and overheating fire. and the when these as overheating fire. Recycled of which and and newspaper to fire. Microwave cooking
Microwave operation Microwave operation Microwave to The input of cooking from seconds to It the of the cooking as shown the Increasing seconds seconds defrosting defrosting (without operating the W. The appears the whenever the selected. Microwave W/ Used cooking or reheating soup, food, HIGH Used cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat W/ To this to that the evenly. This DEFROST and cooking defrosting, or standing/kitchen WATT
To heat and seconds microwave Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the If the selected, HIGH/900 the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/QUICK pressed. If to know the the POWER once. You increase or the cooking cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT You the cooking the POWER To the STOP To the Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/ anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the To the the STOP To the START/QUICK, to STOP Microwave AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave seconds The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly W/HIGH microwave seconds the START/QUICK the cooking You the cooking of seconds the while the operation. You this function AUTO COOK or AUTO DEFROST. The PLUS and MINUS function to or increase the cooking when the If which cooked firm, MINUS Alternatively, PLUS To cook of Select the the AUTO COOK Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the once to the PLUS Press the START/QUICK the AUTO AUTO AUTO
To PLUS/MINUS, the If PLUS the If MINUS, the cooking of MICROWAVE. To cook: Press the once. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise displayed. the Press the the rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the The to cook W, and then W. Microwave operation AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave cook AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST Ready Meals with To cook of Select the the AUTO COOK Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/QUICK the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK At the of the cook the The sounds and the cooking flash. and the of displayed. Food AUTO AUTO AUTO
Defrost Meat/Fish/Poultry To of Select the the AUTO DEFROST Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/QUICK the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK At the of the the The sounds and the flash. and the of displayed. Food Microwave AUTO AUTO AUTO
charts charts cook charts cook (increasing Procedure towards of (Tea/Coffee) and the and them and Choose of and them. the or the amount of and Cover with the sounds, and re-cover. and as and necessary.) with the sounds, and re-cover. If compacted together, cook manually. or and and as necessary.) Cover with the sounds, and re-cover. ready to microwave-proof and recommended the Cover with without cover the instructs. the sounds, and re-cover. and with with Gratin and weight of Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C.
(increasing Procedure Meat, the food the of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with defrosting, wrap thoroughly defrosted. Not whole Minced meat: the sounds, the food the defrosted (Whole breast, minced meat, chops, Distribute the of the directly the the sounds, rearrange and defrosting cover and thoroughly defrosted. Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C. the weight of the food only. include the of the food or than weights/quantities the cook charts, operation. The to the food action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK microwave the cooling If the clock the cooking finished. and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the defrosted with of The should immediately defrosting. charts
charts cook with the the round with the thin the and with the the with microwave and cook AUTO COOK, with with the round with the thin the and with the and the ready the with and cook AUTO COOK, with onion chopped) and (sliced) ready
charts Abbreviations KG Heating food Quantity Water cover cover cover One the cover, and through heating trimmings) Soup cover, heating cover, through heating Meat, thinly the top, cover cover food, microwaveable heating and the or from Defrosting Food Goulash through defrosting evenly, through The shown the which to and of the charts
charts Defrosting cooking Food Quantity One cover, Food Quantity Roasts season to shallow through cooking season to through cooking season to cover
the this the of otherwise stated. the microwave If would to the microwave, should of the following: cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as and microwave without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced amount of or to food. this reason low-fat foods as of Onion Grease the the onion, meat and seasoning. and cook. Toast the of them and them the bowls. the the and the the the and cook. the and them bones. the and thin Grease the with the the and with the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the cover and cook. with capacity) or onions, meat and grated Shallow with microwave whole parsley, chopped and white or
the Grease the with the the meat and onion the cover and cook. once the white and cover and occasionally. the Garnish with parsley. the with the and fromage season to of the top of each of cooked and Spear with to to this, the and and heat. the and to to the and whisk cook thick. and the the greased the of the and cook with fricassee Grease the the with the and the the onion, and the breast and season. with the the and cook. with capacity) or onion, finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped with capacity) chopped fromage grated and cooked or or to grease the with or onion, breast, and or meat
Chop the with the and onion, garlic, minced and puree. Season, cover and cook. the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the with about of the of the minced meat the and and with the Cover the with and with with the Grease the the onions and the cover, and cook. the meat cook. the with the the and season to Pears the and the and cook. the pears the cover and cook. the pears of the cooking and the of the cooking the the and fraiche, cover, and cook. the the pears and with capacity) Shallow with chopped onion, finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced and grated chopped to grease the grated with capacity) bacon, chopped or onion, finely chopped (Arboris) meat and with capacity) with capacity) whole pears, chopped
with raspberry the and the cover and cook. the cover and cook. Beat the with the and the Beat the white and the the To the and the and with the and and heat. the and with the together the and the and and food Grease the the and the leaving around the to the the and light and whisk the the fromage and the the the and cook. Chocolate cake Grease the the and together light and whisk the the and thoroughly and cook. allow the cake to cool the with capacity) chopped white Spring or to grease the or fromage Round cake height or
cleaning CAUTION! DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE ANY FOOD DEPOSITS. to the to of the that the of the and possibly The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the interior. Turntable turntable the and from the the and with cloth. Both the turntable and the dishwasher To of clean both of the the and with cloth. cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the should used. Reduced If cook the food the with W, the of the to overheating. (The reduced to W.) seconds, Reduced Microwave Microwave cleaning
What to Specifications What to The microwave The the properly There If the to blow, please The microwave The properly closed. The and their clean. The pressed. The turntable turning The turntable correctly connected to the The the Food the of the turntable from There nothing the beneath the The microwave the from the switch off Service Force The light Service Force The light only trained Service Force Technicians. The food to cooking nearly or, heat through and cook than If the food colder than or from to or, higher Specifications AC AC required: Microwave Microwave Microwave MC2662E Cavity Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the intentionally the of the heat treatment of food. Class that the to and height. capacity holding food This with the of Directives 2004/108/EC and 2006/95/EC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
The microwave or B: the and of the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the Fixing Option the with the screws provided. The fixing located the top and corners of the Fixing Option Please the template sheet with this
Connecting the to the supply The should readily that the easily should to isolate the from the supply incorporating switch the with the The should the The the (A). the to phase V/50 correctly earth If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The supply of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. the supply or or other WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of (A)
IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
information information of and microwave effective to them the used. or styrofoam) children of suffocation. from and The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
Service If to purchase or AEG- Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland Service
information that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which AEG-
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK information
www.electrolux.com Fredericia M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.com to without TINS-A505URR0