AG-32D-UK English MC2660E Microwave instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
AG-32D-UK English Dear Customer, Thank AEG microwave and the AEG AEG the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the features that the offers. It trouble-free and service information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The clover and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
AG-32D-UK English instructions operation the clock What microwaves? Microwave Microwave cooking Other cook, cook from cook, cook from charts cook charts cleaning What to Service Customer service Specifications information
AG-32D-UK English instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS: READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR FUTURE REFERENCE To the of fire. The microwave should operation. that too high, or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when using plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and turntable These and from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, only microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints operation To the of WARNING: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or operation which the of cover which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions and to the to of the that the of the and possibly Individuals with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the To the of shock should the or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the supply of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician.
AG-32D-UK English instructions To the of and WARNING: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated microwave they cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to children or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. children from the to them burning themselves. To Warning: allow to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food only and only cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when empty. or self-heating heat-resistant such as plate to to the and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and the the and the this the without the To the from cleaning the turntable with the to cool. foods or foods or the operation. NOTE: If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of or malfunction.
AG-32D-UK English cover cavity Seal and Fixing cover Rear supply supply ACCESSORIES: to the following provided: Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown). the the the of the cavity. Then the the turntable To or clear of the when them from the NOTE: please items: and to or Service Force
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH The or light each to the instruction. the the or the operation. Turn Portion Microwave TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION AUTO COOK Press to of the AUTO COOK Press to of the COOK FROM FROZEN Press to of the AUTO DEFROST Press to of the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPENING
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH operation the The flash: the STOP the To the clock, below. the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once and the below appear the To the clock, follow the below. To the hour clock to Choose the clock Choose the hour clock. function. hour clock) and the the TIMER/ the WEIGHT/PORTION the displayed. NOTE: You the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to interrupted, the the hours. the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION the hour displayed Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to the clock. the Stop the STOP to: Stop the temporarily Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to from hours to the reinstated. If this the The of to the of follow the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH What microwaves? What microwaves? and waves, microwaves waves. Microwaves the and these the of the The friction this heat, which that the food defrosted, heated, or cooked through. The of the reduced cooking the fact that the microwaves the food from to the the from from the through the and to the food. This of and Heat-resistant The cooking from They however, finish). Generally with the the to heat and shatter. If whether the microwave, the that the or and that Heat which the microwave to thaw, heat and cook food. Follow the Heat-resistant microwave Follow the The characteristics of microwaves. Microwaves of earthenware, plastic, or This why the microwaves these Dishes become only because the food them The food the microwaves and heated. Microwaves through of and they deflected. this reason normally cookery. There where actually of the fact that the microwaves through If cover food with while defrosting or those from too too or overcooked. Please the the to which heating of or products the the food and the The of the food and greasy food with catch splashes. Microwave This, or heat-resistant covering or Please follow the Roasting Can microwave them the roasting might the roasting with and with Non heat-resistant food wraps recommended microwave Browning microwave from with base, which allows food to the the and the to exactly to the pre-heating the instructions. pre-heating the and the or the safety-device which switch off the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Generally should used, microwaves through and therefore reach the food. There however, of to cover of the food, that these thaw too or to cook and of ready- cooked used. They however, relation to the food, least to with food. It recommended that the food the microwave. To as easy as to the microwave together hints and switch the when the food the cooking Defrosting, re-heating and cooking shorter than or to this the recommended cooking It to rather than cooking the food the cooking It to then cooking than to food. Starting Defrosting, re-heating and cooking the of the food when and food than food that of food re-heating and cooking of C, of C). defrosting food of C assumed. microwave exactly to the instructions. or or other there of them and the of the cooking otherwise the arcing. should such as screws, or UTENSIL SUITABILITY TEST If whether microwave the following the the with of or to the Switch the to If the cool or to the this It cook their shells. builds the and this the exploding. the cook heat or the microwave It to the of the and splash of the heat sealed such as or The the the to (The when indicated cooking only. the and of the food. and Food cooked the microwave its than with cooking and as the food cooked. and the of food. and as
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Testing the food You whether food cooked the as cookery. food thermometer. cooking or heating foods internal You food thermometer to whether the food enough, or with If the and off the easily, If overcooked, and and sticking If the and the food ready. Working cooking using the food thermometer it cooked, every or item of food internal reached the cooking and the You the internal with food thermometer. The chart below of the CHART: USING FOOD THERMOMETER TO DEFINE COOKING TIMES Drink/food items the of cooking Heating (coffee, Heating Heating Heating Poultry roasted o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C and other foods containing of cooked their own or amount of This and the food. Food with or foods such as their with This allows the to and the food foods Food with or with layers of cook than meat. You should therefore cover these with and the food Blanching they should blanched. This the of the and to blanch and the of the with of cover and heat immediately the blanching to further and then allow to and the airtight Preserving Preserving and using the microwave and easy process. You and specially instructions the of these items. Microwave cooking directly the amount of food to re-heat or cook, cook than ones. The of TWICE AS MUCH ALMOST TWICE AS LONG HALF AS MUCH HALF AS LONG
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Both of the cooking than ones. Therefore to that as as with the foods that to Food cooks round and than ones, the microwave the corners of and the food there overcooked. the food covering the food as it cooks retained and cooking reduced. microwave or cover. cover food that should such as meat or would cover cover the microwave. If would cook without cover, cook without cover the microwave. food the thicker, compacted of the food towards the (such as with the outward. DISH METHOD BROWNING AGENT and and Worcestershire or onions icing, honey and Poultry Meat and roasted items dishes, toasted items, and You to the food the microwaves heat the outer first. the food the and the food heats evenly. moulds, or the the the microwave to from Turning Turn such as and once to reduce cooking items such as roasts and turned they microwave the and turned. One of the of microwave cooking that defrosted, heated or cooked microwave This or this the balanced and the the food distributed. Browning than cooking food brownness, although this to the brownness and obtained through to appetising the they as seasoning the following as and of the to which might them. the with the with with the with the of or onions top top of cakes or to
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Heating Ready-prepared should from the and heated or the from closed Food should covered with or cover from stores), that the covered. such as coffee, or the If from to to that the distributed. The food of C. The heating food should increased slightly. Defrosting shorter than the item of its and plate and microwaves defrosting and heating food, they withstand to C) as as heat to C). You therefore the to heat and cook the food, without to thin with of defrosting. or should covered with defrosting. This the thin becoming too while thicker Correct It to choose which too rather than which too high. that the food evenly. If the microwave too high, the of the food already to cook while the heating allow the food to that the the food distributed The which to the or the which to Turning/stirring foods to turned or from to early as which together and them. amounts Thaw and than ones. that which as as to whole and easily. such as and should defrosted and then to completely the outer becoming too whilst the This defrosting food, as the defrosting this the defrosting the foods. Thick, foods than thinner foods or foods of If the food defrosted sufficiently, the or lengthen the accordingly. At the of the should the food as as and
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH fresh to that, as as they of This when to cook the whole the them, them and only then the the and them Season them as would normally, as only about of of which high You information the meat, food items, to that, as as they of This that they cooked properly. and thoroughly and them with Then as should and though the of cooking This other things, to the of food, the and as as the and cooked the microwave. You the however, of the heating and food. usually cooked with Those with high onions or cooked without the cooking should or turned cooking allow the to that the The cooking and the and of the type of The fresher the the the cooking the food cooking brownness, which the of If, would the to should the or sear the food and cooking microwave. this Turn of meat, or through the that they cooked from roasts with and allow them to this the cooking and the distributed, that when amount of Please to the instructions the when dishes. These cooking and offer
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating soup, food, cooking of foods such as and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the To the microwave the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise or counter-clockwise to cooking Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the appears the (If the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL touched once, displayed. If the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL reach the Press the START/QUICK foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat (Defrost to this to that the evenly. This and cooking or WATT
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Microwave cooking to The input of cooking from seconds to It the of the cooking (defrosting) as shown the to heat and seconds microwave cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise. NOTE: the the process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/QUICK pressed. If to know the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. You the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise or counter-clockwise. If the counter-clockwise, the cooking from Choose pressing MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL Increasing seconds seconds Press START/QUICK once to the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Other functions MULTIPLE SEQUENCE COOKING of input, consisting of cooking and To cook: STAGE the cooking rotating TIMER/ WEIGHT/PORTION STAGE rotating TIMER/ WEIGHT/PORTION (The to cook and W, and then W). Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once. Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL four Press the START/QUICK once to the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Other 2.QUICK START FUNCTION The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly cooking microwave seconds pressing the START/QUICK button. NOTE: To the the START/QUICK only within operation, closing the the STOP or cooking the cooking You the cooking of seconds the START/QUICK while the operation. 3.TO CHECK THE POWER LEVEL To the cooking the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. The to count although the shows the 4.SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION TO SET THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The NOTE: input buttons the STOP button. TO CANCEL THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. The the of seconds
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from AUTO COOK COOK FROM FROZEN and AUTO DEFROST the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTO COOK COOK FROM FROZEN and AUTO DEFROST What to when this function: AUTO COOK The AUTO COOK Press the AUTO COOK once, the appear as shown. AUTO COOK The AUTO COOK Press the AUTO COOK once, the appear as shown. COOK FROM FROZEN The COOK FROM FROZEN three Press the COOK FROM FROZEN once, the appear as shown. AUTO DEFROST The AUTO DEFROST Press the AUTO DEFROST once, the appear as shown. The chosen the AUTO COOK AUTO COOK COOK FROM FROZEN or AUTO DEFROST the displayed. AUTO COOK, COOK FROM FROZEN AUTO DEFROST charts. The holding the AUTO COOK AUTO COOK COOK FROM FROZEN or AUTO DEFROST The or of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION the weight/quantity displayed. the of the food only. include the of the food or than the AUTO COOK, COOK FROM FROZEN AUTO DEFROST charts, operation. follow the cooking charts To START/QUICK action to food the and the sound, cooking and the To the START/QUICK The to the food If necessary, the cooking manually. NOTE: If the QUICK START function the cooking/defrosting, the food overcooked. TIMER/WEIGHT/ PORTION START/QUICK
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from operation AUTO COOK To cook of with using (A2-1). Select the Press the START/QUICK the AUTO COOK once. once. COOK FROM FROZEN: To cook Gratin From (FC-3). the Press the START/QUICK the COOK FROM once. FROZEN the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/PORTION clockwise. the the the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from charts BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO COOK NO. A1-1 with A1-2 Mince and Onion A2-1 with A2-2 Gratin WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) Gratin with Mince C) with C, C) Gratin C) Gratin with of Mince Onion of with of Gratin of
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from charts BUTTON PROCEDURE COOK FROM FROZEN NO. FC-1 sprouts, beans, peas, FC-2 Ready Meals Stirrable type Chinese FC-3 Gratin WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) microwave or C) or If the instructs to the amount the with C) Shallow, and microwave or and microwave necessary). Cover with microwave or the and the sound, and re-cover. NOTE: If compacted together, cook manually. to microwave-proof recommended the with or without cover the instructs. the sounds, and cover. and the from the If the microwave and cover with microwave If the cover and with microwave
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from charts BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO DEFROST NO. Defrost and Chops Defrost Minced Meat Defrost Poultry Defrost Defrost WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) C) Microwave C) C) C) recommended this the food the of the the and the sound, the food rearrange and thin and with defrosting, thoroughly defrosted. the with microwave the of minced meat the the and the sound, the food the defrosting, thoroughly defrosted. the and the breast the the and the sounds, and shield thin and with with and thoroughly defrosted. Finally the from the the of the the cake each and defrosted. Distribute the of the the sounds rearrange, and defrosted defrosting and the with and thoroughly defrosted.
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook, cook from charts NOTE: Defrost and Chops should Minced should thin turning shield the defrosted with of and the food the as shown: topped and coated with to microwave the the to to from the immediately and and Chops Poultry cook CHICKEN PAN WITH VEGETABLES (A1-1) fricassee (parboiled) onion (sliced) of breast (cubed) meat MINCE AND ONION (A1-2) minced meat onion (finely chopped) white and meat (finely chopped) (finely chopped) chopped Turntable Food Plate Preparation the and and the greased the onions, and Season and the the top. the and with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (A1-1) with Preparation together the minced meat, onion, and the Season with and the meat the meat with the the and to the meat, Cover and cook AUTO COOK (A1-2) Mince and Onion. the and the sound, and re-cover. and with and
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cook FISH FILLET WITH SAUCE (A2-1) with onion (finely chopped) FISH FILLET WITH SAUCE (A2-1) with (sliced) curry GRATIN (A2-2) defrosted, onion (finely chopped (sliced) cooked grated GRATIN (A2-2) (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) sunflower Preparation the the with the thin the and with the the with and cook AUTO COOK (A2-1) with Preparation the with the thin the and with the and the the Cover with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (A2-1) with Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the layers of and the The top should the with and and the the with the grated with and cook AUTO COOK (A2-2) Gratin. Preparation Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the Crumble the and the gratin. Finally the with sunflower and and cook AUTO COOK (A2-2) Gratin.
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH charts s.p. DF Food Coffee, cover cover, to the cover, to the cover, to the the cover meat and trimmings) through the heating cover, heating Clear cover, heating cover, heating cover through the heating Garnishes with cover and from to Meat, thinly the top, cover cover the food, the heating and the or from to of thoroughly and from to of of the of cover, and heating and Poultry Quantity season to through cooking season to turn through cooking Minced meat the minced meat season to cover season to through cooking season to ABBREVIATIONS USED TABLE: HEATING FOOD AND DRINK TABLE: COOKING MEAT, FISH AND POULTRY MW DFC MWO microwave seconds
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH charts Food through Turn through chops, Goulash Break and through or Defrost slightly as Cold Each off the another, through through through Turn through breast Turn through Turn through Turn through Turn through, defrosted Defrost only another, only toasting) White whole Turn through Whole wheat another, from Turn through wheat and cake cake Whole ) cake Defrost and to Defrost Soft to each other, through Cherries, this chart and to the of the food, its and its Food cover Trout, cover cover, cover, once or cooking cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking TABLE: DEFROSTING TABLE: DEFROSTING AND COOKING
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH charts Quantity Water the Leaf cover, once or cooking whole head, cover, cooking cover, cooking Mushrooms whole heads, cover, cooking Chinese cover, cooking Peas cover, cooking cover, cooking Onions whole, cook microwave cover, cooking cover, cooking once or cooking cover, cooking cover, occasionally cooking once or cooking whole sprouts, cover, cooking of cover, cooking finely, cover, cooking White cover, cooking cover, cooking ADAPTING RECIPES FOR THE MICROWAVE OVEN If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as meat, and without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of TABLE: COOKING FRESH VEGETABLES HOW TO USE THE RECIPES the this the of otherwise stated. relating to and the cooking the of every the shown to wholly specifically indicated otherwise. the they to weight of M).
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Soups with capacity) of flesh) cooking with capacity) onion chopped finely or meat white meat white cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped celery, roughly chopped white bones the the stones, the and thin to each and with the meat and season with and and cook with the occasionally. the creamy and with the cooking allow the to the the with the tbsp), cover, and heat. the meat the and seasoning to the and cook. the and the the with and the soup. the and heat. the and allow to about the tbsp) the and chopped onion the cover and the to the the bones, the and the and the with the meat Season with cover and cook. Chop the and heat with the of the the Allow to about cooked. the bones the soup.
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Meat, Austria with stuffing cooking capacity) (white bunch of parsley, chopped finely or of or or to grease the and cooking or thick thread round with capacity) thinly or to grease the fresh each chopped finely meat or grated the with and season with and To the stuffing, the about then the the parsley, and and the with the the with or butchers Heat the the and the the and the the the the greased and cook without Turn through. Allow the to about the and them Season with and and around each and tightly with the Grease the the the and cook. Turn once through. Chop the the and the the top. to cook the the of the roasting To the heat the meat the covered the with the the allow to and cook. once through. the the the to the everything together and reheat. the the and
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Meat, Mince and onions cooking with capacity) minced meat onions finely chopped white meat chopped fricassee cooking with (about of (containing the whole or to grease the onion breast, or meat cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped together the minced the chopped onion, the and the to dough, and season with and the dough the the meat with the the and with the the minced meat, cover and cook. once through. the once and allow to about with and the with the and the greased the onion of and and the breast and season. them top of the with the the cover and cook. Allow the fricassee to about the finger-width Grease the with the the onion and the meat the cover and cook. once the white browning and cover and occasionally. the the once and allow to Serve garnished with parsley.
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Meat, cooking with capacity) (about with fromage grated of cooked or or to grease the You and this Greece with stuffing cooking with capacity) with (about with about each) to grease the onions chopped minced meat or of garlic, crushed smooth parsley, chopped (light You instead of Chop the with the and the fromage and season to of the top of each of cooked and Spear the with to to this the the cover, and heat. the and to to the and whisk with whisk to the and allow the thicken. and the the greased the of the and cook with Allow the of to about the lengthways. the with about of the the the flesh. the and the Grease the with the the onions, cover, and the of the the and third of these garnish. the minced meat with the onions and tomatoes, the the crushed and the parsley, and season. the each with the minced the top, and then the of the top. Garnish the with the of and the greased cover and cook. Allow the to about
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Meat, cooking Shallow, with whole or greasing parsley, chopped white or Austria cooking with (length: or onion finely chopped or greasing the cooked grated to the top the and them bones. the and the thin Grease the with the and the them. the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the cover and cook. cooking allow the to This or the the of the chopped onion, cover and cook. cover and cook. once or through. off and seasoning to Grease the of and the The top should the with the and and the the with the grated and with ground Allow the to as
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cooking with or ground bunch finely chopped with and cooking with capacity) Round of grated cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped (Arboris) meat to this type of instead) the and the cover and cook. once through. off the the the the and heat uncovered. allow to seasonings and as the and the the Allow the to Black instead of the and the the cover and to the the to the and then Meanwhile the the Chop the the the and the the the and and Garnish the with and the the the of the the onions and cover, and the with the meat to the and then Allow the to about the with the and season to or and with this
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) Shallow with finely onion finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced meat grated chopped to grease the grated or Greece cooking with (with of the with the onion garlic, minced meat and Season and cook with the the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the of the with about of the of the minced meat the and of the top followed another of the minced meat and finishing with the top. Finally, cover the with of and with top and cook with the the the and the Cover and cook. once through. the and through or Crush the with the and to the meat and with the to and smooth or as required. Decorate the with and
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Austria cooking with capacity) or or onion chopped finely of (from about with raspberry cooking with capacity) chopped white cooking of the and the the the of the the onions, cover and heat. the onions to the Beat the and everything to smooth dough. If Distribute the dough the or cover with microwave around the of the and cook. Allow the to about Turn them plate the and the cover and heat. the cover and cook. Beat the with the and the Beat the white and the the or To the the them and them with the and and heat. the and or with the and and heat. to
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH white of (crystallised cake cooking Round cake height or Austria with whipped cooking about or (capacity of grated the the Thinly the of the and the together with the and the to the Cover and heat. the and the of the (crystalised the punch, and Beat the frothy and the the together the and and thoroughly. Grease the dough and cook. to that the cake Allow the cake to cool the the the or the grated to the and heat. through. Whip the stiff, top of the with and
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH Pears cooking with capacity) with capacity) pears with cooking with capacity) white off) the pears whole. the the and the the cover and heat. the pears the cover and cook. the pears of the cooking and of the cooking the the chopped and the frache, cover, and heat. the the the pears, and Delicious when with of the the and with the the to the with the and the cover, and cook. Allow the to about the half, the and the the from the and cool the while Whip the and the white both first the then the and finally the white the the the top and the the
AG-32D-UK ENGLISH cooking or or to grease the or to grease the fromage with with capacity) washed and and washed and white of food thickener You the and with the the and and the the to Grease the of the dough and it the the to the the light and the and Finally the fromage and the the the dough and the crumbling dough the cake and of the to the of the with the white and heat. the and the the then and the with the the the and to To the the the and the this with the together with the and the food thickener, cover and cook, cooking and the Turn the and with the whole the
AG-32D-UK English cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. What to the microwave properly that the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turntable turning that the correctly to the the the food the of the turntable from there nothing the beneath the NOTE: If cook the food the with W, the of the to overheating. (The reduced to W). seconds, Reduced Microwave Microwave cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the Turntable and turntable the and turntable from the the turntable and with cloth. Both the turntable and the turntable dishwasher To of clean both of the the and with cloth. NOTE: should used. the microwave switch off the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light trained Service Force technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food than or turn from to or higher
AG-32D-UK English Service If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: AEG (Irl) of Ireland
AG-32D-UK English AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
AG-32D-UK English Specifications AC Distribution AC required: Microwave Microwave Microwave Cavity Capacity Turntable and height. holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT information of and AEG effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the V, phase (IEC (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
AG-32D-UK English INSTALLING THE APPLIANCE and of If the microwave A) then the sheet the to the internal of the back the protective cover the and to the of the that covers the service The microwave or B: Position Position POSITION NICHE SIZE CHIMNEY Service Chimney the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the the with the screws The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this operation and the instructions.
AG-32D-UK English CONNECTING THE APPLIANCE TO THE POWER SUPPLY The outlet should readily that the easily emergency. The should the The the (A). the supply to (A) should from the item and routed the the to phase correctly earth The fused with 10A If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The supply of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the cord. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP (A) AMP BROWN
AG-32D-UK English
AG-32D-UK English
AG-32D-UK English From the Group. The Worlds choice. The the of the cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: TINS-A356URR0 Printed AEG action Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly