AG-21+22D-UK English MC1751E MC1761E Microwave instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
AG-21+22D-UK English Customer, Thank AEG microwave and the AEG AEG microwave the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the features that the offers. It trouble-free and service information concerning or the of noted this and/or such as Warning to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The clover and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
AG-21+22D-UK English instructions operation the clock What microwaves? Microwave operation Other functions charts AC-6 AC-7 charts cleaning What to Service Customer Specifications information
AG-21+22D-UK English instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS: READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR FUTURE REFERENCE To the of fire. The should operation. that too high, or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The readily that the easily emergency. or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and turntable These and free from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints To the of WARNING: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or operation which the of cover which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions and to the to of the that the of the and possibly with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the to or such as the the top of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician.
AG-21+22D-UK English instructions To the of and WARNING: and other foods heated they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated microwave they cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the to them burning themselves. To Warning: allow children to the without when instructions that the to the and the of or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food only and only cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when empty. or self-heating heat-resistant such as to to the and to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and the the and the turntable this the without the To the from cleaning the with the to foods or foods or the outer operation. NOTE: If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of or malfunction.
AG-21+22D-UK English cover cavity Seal and Fixing cover Rear supply ACCESSORIES: to the following Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown). the turntable the the of the cavity. Then the the To turntable or clear of the when them from the NOTE: please items: and to or Service Force
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH The or light each to the instruction. flashing, the the or the operation. Turn Microwave TIMER/WEIGHT MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES Press to of the START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPEN
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH the The flash: Touch the STOP the To the clock, below. the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once the below appear the and To the clock, follow the below. To the hour clock to Choose the clock Choose the hour clock. function. hour clock) the the the TIMER/WEIGHT the NOTE: You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to interrupted, the the hours. the TIMER/WEIGHT the hour Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to the clock. the Stop the STOP Stop the temporarily the reinstated. If this the The of to the of follow the Press the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL to from hours to
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH What microwaves? Microwaves the and the the food to Heat the friction which caused, with the that the food heated or cooked. Heat-resistant The cooking from They however, finish). with the the to heat and shatter. If whether the microwave, the that the or and that Heat which the microwave to thaw, heat and cook food. Follow the Heat-resistant microwave Follow the to which heating of or products the the food and the The of the food and greasy food with catch splashes. Microwave This, or heat-resistant covering or Please follow the Roasting Can them the roasting might the roasting with and with Non heat-resistant food wraps recommended microwave Browning microwave from with base, which allows food to the the turntable and the to exactly to the pre-heating the instructions. pre-heating the turntable and the turntable or the safety-device which switch off the should used, microwaves through and therefore reach the food. There however, of to cover of the food, that these thaw too or to cook and of ready- cooked used. They however, relation to the food, least to with food. It recommended that the food the microwave. or other there of them and the of the cooking otherwise the arcing. should such as screws, or If whether the following the the with of or to the Switch the to If the cool or to the this It
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH the thawing, heating and cooking shorter than when cooker or this reason should to the recommended this It to the too rather than too the food cooked. It to to cook something than to overcook Initial heating and cooking the of the food. food and food than food which heating and C, C). thawing the of the to C. the this which to the and of the food or Food cooked microwave its than when used. this reason should and normally only and the outer of the food. and as Addition of and other foods with high cooked their or with the of This that and Food or Food such as tomatoes, or such should or with or This the which to without the or Microwave directly the amount of food which would to thaw, heat or cook. This that cook than ones. of thumb: TWICE THE AMOUNT ALMOST TWICE THE TIME HALF THE AMOUNT HALF THE TIME Both the capacity, the cooking the You should therefore choose as as with where there of overcooking, Round Food cooks round or than with corners, the microwave the corners and the food these become overcooked. the food the within and shortens the cooking microwave or cover. which to roasts or should covered. whatever would covered should covered microwave Whatever uncovered uncovered microwave Turning items, such as and should turned once to the cooking process. items, such as roasts and turned, the microwave and turned. to the of the with microwaves. foods, which heated or cooked the microwave, amount of to which and the the food distributed.
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH Browning than cooking food brownness, although this to the brownness and obtained through to appetising the they as seasoning BROWNING AGENT and and Worcestershire or onions icing, and Heating Ready-prepared meals should from the and heated plate or the from closed Food should covered with plate or cover from stores), that the covered. such as coffee, or the If from to to that the distributed. The food of C. The heating food should increased slightly. heating allow the food to that the the food distributed The which to the or the which to Poultry dishes"Cheese Meat and roasted items dishes, toasted items, and the following might and of the to which might them. DISH METHOD Defrosting microwave Defrosting than of defrosting. the item of its and plate and microwaves defrosting and heating food, they withstand to C) as as heat-resistant to C). You therefore the to heat and cook the food, without to thin with of defrosting. Defrosted or should covered with defrosting. This the thin becoming too while thicker Correct It to choose which too rather than which too high. that the food evenly. If the too high, the of the food already to cook while the the with the with with the with the of or onions top top of and or to
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH Turning/stirring foods to turned or from to early as which together and rearrange them. amounts... and than ones. that which as as to whole and easily. such as and should and then to completely the outer becoming too while the This defrosting food, as the defrosting this the defrosting the foods. Thick, foods than thinner foods or food of If the food defrosted sufficiently, defrosting the microwave or the accordingly. At the of the should the food as as and COOKING FRESH VEGETABLES to that, as as they of This when to cook the whole the them, them and only then the the and them Season them as would normally, as about of of which high You information about this the cooked with Those with high onions or cooked microwave without the cooking should or cooking allow the to that the The cooking and the and of the type of The fresher the the the cooking COOKING MEAT, FISH AND POULTRY food items, to that, as as they of This that they cooked properly. and thoroughly and them with Then as should and though the of cooking This other things, to the of food, the and as as the the food cooking brownness, which the of If, the to should the browning or sear the food and cooking microwave. this Turn of meat, or through the cooking that they cooked from cooking cover roasts with and allow them to this the cooking and the distributed, that when amount of DEFROSTING AND COOKING defrosted and cooked the microwave. You the however, of the "heating" and "defrosting" food. Please to the instructions the when dishes. These usually cooking and offer
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating soup, food, cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the To the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. If MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL touched once, displayed. If touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL reach the If the selected, the to The input of cooking (defrosting) from seconds to It the of the cooking as shown the to heat and seconds microwave the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise. and NOTE: the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/QUICK pressed. If to the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or counterclockwise. If the counterclockwise, the cooking from Choose the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL foods which when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat to this to that the evenly. This and cooking defrosting, or WATT Increasing seconds seconds Press the START/ QUICK to the
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH Other functions MULTIPLE SEQUENCE COOKING of input, consisting of cooking and To cook: STAGE the cooking rotating TIMER/WEIGHT STAGE rotating TIMER/WEIGHT (The to cook W, and then W). Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL once. Choose the the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL four Press the START/ QUICK once to the
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH Other 2.QUICK COOK FUNCTION The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly cooking seconds pressing the START/QUICK NOTE: To the the START/QUICK within operation, closing the the STOP or cooking the You the cooking cooking of seconds the while the operation. 3.TO CHECK THE POWER LEVEL To the microwave cooking the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL as touching the MICROWAVE POWER LEVEL the displayed. The to count although the shows the 4.SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION TO SET THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The NOTE: input buttons the STOP TO CANCEL THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The the of
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH The AUTOMATIC function the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTOCOOK and AUTO DEFROST What to when this function: Press the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES once, the appear as shown. The chosen the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES the displayed. AUTOMATIC charts. To the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES least If the appear the The holding the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES The or of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT the displayed. the of the food only. include the weight of the food or than the cooking chart, follow the charts To cooking START/QUICK action to food the and the sound, cooking and the To the START/ QUICK To cook weighing Autocook AC-7. Select the Press the START/QUICK the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise. AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES TIMER/WEIGHT START/QUICK The to the food Check food If necessary, the cooking and the the
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH charts AUTOCOOK NO. BUTTON AC-1 sprouts, peas, AC-2 Fresh AC-3 Ready Meals Stirrable type Chinese AC-4 Gratin gratin, AC-5 AC-6 with AC-7 Gratin WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) and C) and C) and If the instructs to the amount the with C) Shallow, and microwave or and microwave C) and C, C) Gratin and microwave C) Gratin PROCEDURE and as necessary). with sounds, and re-cover. NOTE: If compacted together, cook manually. or and as necessary). with sounds, and re-cover. the food to microwave-proof recommended the Cover with without cover the instructs. sounds, and re-cover. and the from the If the to Cover with microwave If the microwave cover and cover with microwave the and them Choose of and them. the or the amount of and with sounds, and re-cover. the with of Gratin weight of
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH charts AUTO DEFROST NO. BUTTON Defrost and Chops Defrost Minced Meat Defrost Poultry Defrost Defrost NOTES: Defrost and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the with of The should immediately topped and coated with to microwave the the to to from the immediately and WEIGHT(Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) below) C) below) C) below) C) Plate C) recommended this PROCEDURE the food the of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with of thoroughly defrosted. the of minced meat the of the the sounds, the food the defrosted defrosting with thoroughly defrosted. the the of the the sounds, turn and shield thin and with of defrosting, with cover with and thoroughly defrosted. Finally clean the from the directly the or the of the the cake each and defrosted. Distribute the of the directly the the sounds, and defrosted cover and thoroughly defrosted.
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH AC-6 AC-7 FISH FILLET WITH SAUCE (AC-6) with onion (finely chopped) FISH FILLET WITH SAUCE (AC-6) with curry (sliced) curry GRATIN (AC-7) or (to grease the defrosted, onion (finely chopped (sliced) cooked grated GRATIN (AC-7) (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) sunflower Preparation the the round with the thin the and with the the Cover with microwave and cook AUTOCOOK AC-6 with Preparation the round with the thin the and with the and the the Cover with microwave and cook AUTOCOOK AC-6 with Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the of and the The top should the with and and the the with the grated with and cook AUTOCOOK AC- Gratin. Preparation Grease the and of and the the with season with and and the Crumble the and the gratin. Finally the with sunflower and and cook AUTOCOOK AC-7 Gratin.
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH charts s.p. Food Coffee, cover cover cover, to the cover, to the cover, to the the cover meat and trimmings) through the heating cover, heating Clear cover, heating cover, heating cover through the heating Garnishes with and from to Meat, thinly the top, cover cover the food, the heating and the or from to of thoroughly and from to of the of cover, and heating and Poultry Quantity season to shallow season to Minced meat the minced meat shallow season to cover season to through cooking season to cover ABBREVIATIONS USED KG DFC TABLE: HEATING FOOD AND DRINK TABLE: COOKING MEAT, FISH AND POULTRY DF MW MWO microwave seconds
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH charts TABLE: DEFROSTING Food meat through defrosting through defrosting Goulash and through defrosting to each other, through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting Whole through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting toasting outer each White whole turn through defrosting cake cake Whole cake such as them through defrosting Food cover Trout, cover cover, cover, once or cooking cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking cover, through cooking TABLE: DEFROSTING AND COOKING
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH charts Quantity Water cover, once or cooking whole head, cover, cooking cover, cooking Mushrooms whole heads, cover, cooking Chinese cover, cooking Peas cover, cooking cover, cooking Onions whole, cook microwave cover, cooking cover, cooking once or cooking cover, cooking cover, cooking once or cooking whole sprouts, cover, cooking of cover, cooking finely, cover, cooking White cover, cooking cover, cooking ADAPTING RECIPES FOR THE MICROWAVE OVEN If to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as and microwave without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason low-fat foods as of TABLE: COOKING FRESH VEGETABLES HOW TO USE RECIPES the this the of otherwise stated. relating to and the cooking the of every the shown to wholly specifically indicated otherwise. the they to of M).
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH cooking of toasting or cranberry cooking with Capacity) onion finely chopped meat or Toast the and with the and top of the toast. the cranberry the of the and with the and heat You this to fresh and grated or cooked and the and the the cover and cook. the the the and to and smooth the Season with and cover and cook. the with the the soup. Heat Allow the to about
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped cooking Shallow, with microwave whole or greasing parsley, chopped white or Greece with beans cooking Shallow, with (about or greasing the onion finely chopped garlic, crushed beans If to fresh beans, these should pre-cooked. the finger-width Grease the with the the onion and the meat the cover and cook. once the white and cover and occasionally. the the once and allow to Serve garnished with parsley. the and them bones. the and the thin Grease the with the and the them. the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the cover and cook. cooking allow the to This or and the of the tomatoes, then or food the Grease the with meat, onions and garlic, season, cover and cook. and to the cover and the to
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) with finely onion finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced meat grated chopped to grease the grated or cooking with capacity) garlic, crushed onion hearts, the with the and onion, garlic, minced meat and Season and cook with the the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the of the with about of the of the minced meat the and of the top another of the minced meat and finishing with the top. Finally, cover the with of and with top and cook with the the approximately the and the the the hearts, and season with the cover and cook, once. the the hearts and heat. Season the to with and the the to around with meat dishes. cold, consists of: of bunch of seasoning soup, of of
AG-21+22D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) onion finely grated grated Jelly with cooking with capacity) with capacity) washed and and washed and white of food thickener You defrosted the the cover and cook. Rearrange through to cool. the and the from the the with the onion, and to consistency. Season with and the with and with plate and cook. to of the to the of the with the white cover and heat. the and the the then and the with the the the and to To the the the other the and the this with the together with the and the food thickener, cover and cook, cooking and the Turn the plate and with the whole the
AG-21+22D-UK English cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. What to the microwave properly that the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turning that the turntable correctly connected to the the the food the of the turntable from there nothing the beneath the NOTE: If cook the food the with only W, the of the to overheating. (The reduced to W). seconds, Reduced Microwave Microwave cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the Turntable and turntable the turntable and from the the and turntable with cloth. Both the and the dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. NOTE: should used. the microwave switch off the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light only trained Service Force technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food than or from to or higher
AG-21+22D-UK English Service If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: AEG (Irl) of Ireland
AG-21+22D-UK English AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
AG-21+22D-UK English Specifications AC Distribution AC required: Microwave Microwave Microwave MC1751E MC1761E Capacity Turntable capacity and height. holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT information of and AEG microwave effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the V, phase (IEC (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
AG-21+22D-UK English INSTALLING THE APPLIANCE and of This to high as high Unscrew and the from the of the There and foot. the with those the accessory the foot. If the microwave A) then the the sheet to the internal of the back the protective cover the and to the of the that covers the service SAFE USE OF THE APPLIANCE If the microwave or C: The of (E) the directly This tested and and induction only. and microwave should to overheating of surrounding and the without when the microwave operating. should when to the microwave while the Service C Position POSITION NICHE SIZE CHIMNEY C the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the the with the screws The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this operation and the or instructions. Chimney Chimney
AG-21+22D-UK English CONNECTING THE APPLIANCE TO THE POWER SUPPLY The outlet should readily that the easily The should the The the (A). connecting the supply to (A) should from the item and routed the the phase correctly earth The fused with 10A If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating found the of the The supply of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT the supply cord. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP (A) AMP BROWN
AG-21+22D-UK
AG-21+22D-UK English
AG-21+22D-UK English
AG-21+22D-UK English From the Group. The Worlds choice. The the of the cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: TINS-A348URR0 Printed AEG action Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly