JLBIOS608 information
information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the These the of You MUST them or If of the of these the branch from which purchased the This only connected the of or to the pliance: the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child This to operated allow to with or near the when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their or to the should this without or tion This to roasting and food the when connecting ances to allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowl- of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cook- the lowest and foods too
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the pliances and They therefore the of the warranty
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them they of To this, the ance from the supply and the from the
the information of the features. the first the Initial cleaning. the The heat the and roasting Clock Other functions Switching off the Child and and Roasting Meat, roasting, gratin. cooking cooking Defrosting Defrosting Drying Cleaning and of the Cleaning the lighting What to the instructions information the Repairs service to the Instruction The following found the text to throughout the Instructions and Information
of the function
features walls, the of the with coating). Shelf dishes, and items roasting and Top heat and heating Roasting shelf roasting and Roasting and roasting or collecting lighting heating Heat
the first the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there flashes automatically. the or the seconds, the clock flash- and the clock displays the of The ready to Initial cleaning the the first cleaning These the fronts, cially cleaning The light and the and with and the of the the and the front of the with cloth.
the The On/Off instructions switch the first the On/Off the selected function light the to heat or the to count The shows the This of the clock tions or of cooking The light switches as as function selected. the selected reached, sounds. Switch off the the On/Off Clock functions/Operating Functions Heat function selection Selection buttons Clock Functions
Selecting function Switch the the On/ Press the or repeatedly the function appears. appears the If the within seconds, the to heat The function while the the Press the or to or the The of 5C. Checking the Press the and buttons the The appears the The with with that such as Switching off the function To switch off the the or repeatedly function played.
Switching the off Switch off the the On/Off Cooling The switches or- to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Warming the switched the that light the other the heated heat the switched off the that the heat the
heat function selected, the to heat heat the relatively the food to cooked the heat completed and the the function. the function If necessary, the Press the heat The flashing another that heat the reached, the of the heat light sounds. The heating to the function and You the food the The heat function switched with the Convection with heating and Rotitherm
The the following function Application Convection with to three the heating the C than when tional. that and the C than when using tional. cooking and roasting Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and food items and toasting food items the of the and toasting To Defrost defrosting and or other foods heat with or crusty
the and roasting the roasting the roasting the of the that the the front the the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and roasting together: the the roasting the and the roasting the of the selected that the of the roasting the front the To to the when to the the the back, as as the and then the the front.
The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the roasting from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and toasting.
Clock Clock Functions To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to of cooking To when the to switch off To or the section the First Clock time/End time/Operating Selection buttons Clock Functions
to the clock clock function selected, the function light flashes about seconds. this the or the or the the function light to seconds, then The to With Countdown the switched to the clock tion. and the the the or Press the functions the clock tion flashes and the or displayed. heat with the and of cooking clock functions the and of cooking clock functions used, the switches the heating off, when of the or The heat to the cooking the to
Press the repeatedly flashes. the or the countdown. about seconds, the shows the lights of the sounds. the sounds and flash. To the flashing and the Press
Select function and Press the repeatedly flashes. the or the cooking lights the and flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Press
of cooking Select function and Press the functions repeatedly of cooking flashes. the or the switch-off of cooking lights and the switch-off displayed. the and of cooking flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Press
and of cooking and of cooking the to switched and off Select function and the function, the cooking the the of function, the which the to ready. and of cooking light The switches the the sounds and the switches off.
the The the child deactivated, ther of the clock functions or of Press the functions repeatedly flashes.. the or the seconds, the clock flash- and the clock the of The ready to
Other functions Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock If required, switch off the using the On/Off Press the functions and the the the as the switched the the switched off the clock To the clock nently the clock Switching the clock If required, switch off the using the On/Off Press the and the the the Child The switched when the child activated. Activating the If necessary, switch the using the On/Off function selected. Press and the and buttons the SAFE pears the The child the child If necessary, switch the the On/Off Press and the and the SAFE appears from the The child and the ready
This function to that tions Activating the If necessary, switch the the On/Off the function. Press and the functions and buttons the LOC pears the The the Press and the and tons the LOC from the The when the function switched off. The Heat+Hold function the or roasting completed. This helpful, Heat+Hold: 80C Switching clock functions and/or of cooking Press the functions repeatedly the appears the Press the appears the as the function completed, sounds and Heat+Hold The function 80C as the with Heat+Hold the switches off. Irrespective of function You the
and function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with With Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and
instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled they to their to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and ance only, as these the sistency of or the amount and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
of function C Mins. cake or Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple Convection with off heating Apple off Convection with heating Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with Convection with heating with yeast with dough/sponge heating
of function C with yeast dough/sponge with Convection with heating Yeast with (with of Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with Convection with heating with white, Convection with heating Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting
than of Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the with heating Shelf from Convection with heating C
The cake cake the enough the The cake (becomes too high slightly too too higher too high and and too within too slightly higher the Apple and Apple Pre-heat too reduced higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the Convection with heating Shelf C
of Shelf C (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the and Shelf function C Rotitherm topped with Rotitherm Rotitherm Pre-heat the
ready Food to Shelf function cooked C as as instructions instructions Chips as Rotitherm instructions as as instructions instructions as as instructions instructions Turn or cooking
Roasting function: Convection with heating or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted the roasting or the with the roasting roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking and and the To or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat.
Meat, roasting, Shelf Meat of Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Yorkshire Convection with heating Convection with heating Rotitherm Rotitherm Pre-heat Rotitherm C
Poultry, Quantity function Shelf Convection with heating Lancashire Convection with heating Meat Loaf Rotitherm Poultry Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm steamed) Whole Rotitherm Convection with heating Rotitherm C
cooking function: cooking With the function cooking meat becomes beautifully and cooking of meat and cooking roasts or The heats to the selected or this reached, acoustic sounds. the switches to to recommend120C of meat, 150C recommended of meat, of cooking Food to cooked Shelf 150C of 150C 150C 120C the function cook cooking without cover. Sear the meat high heat. meat roasting or directly the with to catch the the Select function cooking the necessary, and cook The function cooking togeth- with the clock functions and of cooking
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the the collecting the the first shelf from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting the the from the Defrosting Defrosting the plate Turn through Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when slightly Cream, Further
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this, the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears food The to C. section the other Heat+Hold. hours
function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to Preserves The and Preserve inC Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, when switched off The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pres- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or movers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Warning: cleaning, selected and the cooled Cleaning The coated self-cleaning. They splashes of whilst the operating. To this self-cleaning process, that heat the without food The light switch when the from the the of the with and the to 250C. switch off the with or cleaning or other cleansing The alytic sheeting otherwise aged. of the coating become slightly oured. This the catalyt- Accessories each and to them to clean.
The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back. the the that the the to the front. To first the the back, then them the front and them Cleaning the Clean shelf with and The shelf cleaned the dishwash- grease the
lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to tect the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing something and or- to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the other.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them
the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as
the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting The light The heating seconds, then within seconds and and buttons appears the If to the following the please warranty who of Warning! Repairs to the to to the user from The clock the the clock The the The The house the If the tripped please the Switch off the the house or the switch the and switch If please the Customer If to the or to caused incorrect or charge the with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to
The to to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the tions below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth type and connecting, the that it reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the installation the and that the supply properly earthed. The should these 15A 20A
instructions Attention: The to the instructions. The to the British from repairs covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only with from the
Repairs service If the within this struction (Something the of occurring which from within this instruction first to warranty who Service Force. Service Force, please the and (S.N.), both of which shown the rating located the front of the that these hand, to of them PNC: S.N.: covered and of Please purchase the service to the purchase This should serviced thorised service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. warranty tors who Service Force
Partnership Street SW1E 5NN johnlewis.com 352-M-04