AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT Instruction UK MCC Microwave
Thank AEG microwave and the AEG AEG microwave the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the features that the offers. It trouble-free and service information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning, to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to Printed AEG action
information of and Instructions trouble-free and operation Microwaves operating instructions What to Product The using the Cleaning the clock At operating instructions
of operation Microwave only Notes microwave Defrost Combined and microwave cooking Combined and Preset Child charts and Defrosting Reheating microwaving Combined Microwave and roasting and with the function Cleaning and What to Service and Customer Conditions
information of and AEG microwave effective to them the used. or styrofoam) children of suffocation. from and The from and the untreated. items as follows PE PS (CFC-free) PP using and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the The should least around the the of the and or the and the that nothing the the back of the and that the installation. Please to the included with further instructions. WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this This with the following EC Directives EMC Directive 89/336/EEC, Directive 73/23/EEC with 90/683/EEC and the CE Directive 93/68/EEC.
instructions The should operated with the turntable and turntable microwave should used. To the from the cavity or the these each the when or cooking food of plastic, or other to fire If the closed, the supply and AEG Service Force the microwave functioning properly. This with instructions. to the of the repairs should AEG Service Force WARNING: other than to repairs of the protection from to the of or breakdown, please therefore AEG or the AEG Service Force Should the and/or or the should operated repaired the AEG Service Force exactly the of this operation. WARNING: This to operated allow to the microwave without they thoroughly instructed the and the of operation. to with function. the cooking the to the cooking It switches off free and operation the and the the and their clean. items the microwave. They when the switched Switch the when the food the cooking as there food
Microwaves heating please the to the without the typical the gently, the then or with the of the Food with or such as tomatoes, and the should with that and the food that of 70C the cooking or heating of food. mercury or thermometer the of the food. food or bottles should heated without or top, and or heating, to of the heat. the feeding child. The food microwave heat the this reason dishes. cook food too or too high of the food or or crockery, or earthenware the or bases) as these of from the food as This to which shatter the microwave the following to or their shells, as they poached microwave as as the to heat of cooking or and containing high of there of combustion! to heat bottles, to or MICROWAVE OUTPUT POWER
The heats and (and with microwave children from the The cooking the heating the and the turntable become to to dishes, and to cookware such as or heat to burned! Preheat only when or the when microwaving the combined of microwave or The easy cleaning cooking gratin, food exclusively cleaning the allow the to cool off touching
operating instructions of Combination tion and (without oven-to-tableware, Non and crockery and of fire/frostproof earthenware Plastic, heat-resistant to 200C Cling Microwaveable roasting roasting or or coated or include containing please the stated the microwave combined function
What to Food and The these reasons the and amount of to heat or cook the quantity/weight nearly the Please to the cooking charts. To the the cooking Then the as necessary. Microwaves the food heat of this, of the food heated the heating of food, to or them to the cooking charts. This the should the food to without or the This of heat throughout the food.
Product The C C C and catch Turntable Turntable
The C of function, length, food type, Selector to the clock, the length, the when the the functions or the to C CONVECTION to cook as with or with TURNTABLE OFF to the from GRILL to the AUTO DEFROST defrosting PAUSE/CLEAR to once) or to MICROWAVE to the microwave PRESET PROGRAMME to START to the selected function and to switch QUICK- START.
The The with the following off Microwave microwave microwave choice of food type defrosting clock of
Product The and should as shown the to the properly The turntable clockwise or counterclockwise operation. to the turntable manually, as the If smoothly, that there nothing the beneath the Folding To the the and the the with the or functions choose the to the to high to dishes, such as as other dishes, with the or functions the to the that the the the when the microwave, or Nevertheless heat food plate the and the The and or as roasting It beneath the to catch The high
the Cleaning the front of the with cloth. cleaning (these the fronts cleaning that protective fingerprints. first the the (including the and turntable from the cooking the and the cooking with cloth. the clock the the together with the clock flashes the the of with the Press START the The turned clockwise (to increase) or counterclockwise (to The of corrected the the START seconds, turning the to the and START
At operating instructions food the cooking the Select to the instructions the following If switch off the turntable Press the START of cooking If the within the of reappears the operation the turntable switched You switch off operation the STOP-TURNTABLE Action The when properly If the properly, the function. Turn the clockwise to increase or counter-clockwise to the switched off, the appears the The turntable should turned off when that than the and of The The selected cooking displayed, and to count backwards seconds. The to the selected function displayed. The of the cooking indicated The and the light switch off, flashes the The repeated seconds or the which the of displayed.
At operating instructions the the and the START Press the CLEAR once. Press the CLEAR the selected cooking turn the clockwise or counterclockwise. the selected microwave the MICROWAVE the appears the of the the GRILL cooking pressing the CONVECTION If the selection reaches the the cooking and the sounds, announcing the of the The and the lighting switch off. cooking process, the increased to of cooking which to Action The and lighting switch off. The selected The counts automatically. momentarily interrupted. The The and the lighting switch off. of displayed. The cooking the when the The displayed. The cooking with the The displayed. to chapter Combination microwave) The and displayed. to chapter Combination microwave)
of operation The the following Microwave this microwaves heat directly the food. This cooked food and the defrosting of meat or and cooking food and Heat the of the This toasting and and Convection cooking the back of the the around heating allowing to cook as with Combination The microwave together with the or function. Dishes cooked quickly, whilst and the
of Microwave to seconds microwave Press the MICROWAVE 900W and the appear the together with the clock and the microwave pressing the MICROWAVE the displayed, 700W. the cooking turning the The chosen appears the Press the START The selected to count the clock You the microwave and/ or the the as follows from to from to from to from to from items least from the cavity and the whenever microwaving.
Notes microwave The following shows the and what they heating to cooking roasting, cooking cooking defrosting and defrosting and Watt cooking cooking defrosting and heating of ready heating ready cooking based of heating food heating of defrosting with or icing to dough dishes,
QUICK-Start to The START microwave the START the increased heating of Press the START The the microwave and the microwave W, appear the and the While the increase the the START or the with the
of Defrost defrosting selected defrosting pressing the the Bread/Pastry flashes the together with Press the AUTO DEFROST to choose Meat or Poultry/Fish the of the and START the of the automatically. The following of Food and with defrosting. and thin with Unpack food the top of to catch the from defrosting. and follow recommended defrosting to defrosting Press the AUTOMATIC DEFROST the appear the Press to food category, the to the Press the START The shows the If to the the CLEAR and through the heard. or the food item this The switch off. cakes and Meat Poultry fresh Poultry (whole or (whole or from to
of How to Press the GRILL The appears the together with the clock and the the Press the START The to count You the the
Combined and Microwave to with 700W and Press the GRILL The appears the together with the clock and the microwave the MICROWAVE to W. The microwave and the selected microwave appear the the using the Press the START The to count You the microwave and/or the the
Convection cooking to 200C Press the CONVECTION The and the 150C, appear the together with the clock and the 200C, the CONVECTION The increases 10C from which the thermostat reads and increases to 250C. the with the Press the START The to count You the and/or the the the
Combined Convection and Microwave to 200C and 150W microwave Press the CONVECTION The and the 150C, appear the together with the clock and the with the to 200C. Press the MICROWAVE to 150W The combined appears the C and flash the the Press the START button. The to count the You the microwave the or the the
that the clock to the To Proceed as the function and C). of START the PRESET PROGRAMME The to the clocktime and this hour appears the together with the and the selected function. With the the hour which the to FINISH, would the to ready the within seconds, or the Press the START to the The and the displayed. to the PRESET PROGRAMME to Press CANCEL to the clocktime. To the the CANCEL seconds. You with the of defrosting. of required.
Child You lock to of To Press the PAUSE/CLEAR seconds with the C appear below the clocktime. To release: Proceed as the PAUSE/CLEAR seconds with the C
The with as to the to the that cooking the The without switching the as as other selected. to Select the MICROWAVE W appears the the with the The of from the and the of appears. Press the START button. The to count sound when the finished counting
charts and charts and Defrosting Duration Meat Whole Turn once. with of defrosting Turn once. chopped through the meat defrosting of that already defrosted. Goulash Poultry Turn once. and with through defrosting Whole Turn once. with Shrimps/crab thoroughly. and from to Turn once. from to Defrost covered once. Black
Defrosting Duration towel, once. Wholemeal, Defrost covered Loaf Cover towel, uncovered. cakes. sheet cakes. covered cakes. and defrosting with buttercake waves, then of food Break from to Heating of food and food Heat without ready Heat covered meat s- meat, should heated covered seconds
charts and Duration Heat covered once. or Heat clear uncovered, cover thick or coffee or when the Heat enough to coffee the (reheat) Defrosting and heating of foods meat and Heat with covered meat meat with with
Duration with facing outwards. Mushrooms and or and or or or covered Duration covered. Turn half- through Whole Cover Turn through cooking The stated only, and the and type of food cooked.
Charts and switching off food to allow heat or containing and/or food specifically stated). least from the cooking and arcing to the food when cook food covered. with should cooked uncovered. or food cooking containing should from to such as and with such as and without Increase cooking Defrosting of and inverted plate or or that the meat through defrosting, turn the food, where and the that defrosted. Defrosting of of and the allow to defrosting the This Defrosting of and and that to should the to defrosting the microwave and that to cooked immediately cooked directly higher without Ready Ready or with should heated or defrosted microwave they explicitly as microwave Please follow the operating instructions the the and the
microwaving You cant cooking of food. The food too The food defrosted, heated through or cooked of The food the and the of cooking type of food. or the cooking accordingly: cooking or reduce the microwave Select or higher microwave that food such as
Charts and (Microwave The and of established testing dishes. DIN Defrost and cook through cooking turn that outwards. Toast Pre-heat Turn the first when brown. Turn the first when brown. IEC A) B) Meat C) directly inverted Defrost minced meat Turn through. Defrost The turntable to switched the high the the
Table Notes with Season with and Meat chopped with Season meat each with and thick) Toast Turn to Toast Turn foods Toasted through cooking the the high to catch First pre-heat the The only, as they the type and of the of meat and otherwise stated, the the foods should turned once. Thicker should turned head to the shelf.
charts and Combined microwave and Microwave Onion The of only, as they the and of the item cooked, as as the consistency the roasting and The too You the the weight of Next choose microwave Choose the something which to the item to cook and lengthen or the cooking accordingly.
with the function C cake cake heat or of the the You the with the or Preheat the microwave to the with the function microwaves) or follow cooking instructions
Notes the The of and only, as they the of the dough, the and the and that using the higher to food or the too If instructions of follow the instructions which otherwise stated, the the heat to the cooked to the the of cook that the cake through If the cake (or or watery). If the of the too light If cakes with cooked the through. If the from the The cake of the when the highest of the If clean, off the and the cake the heat. the hand, or Choose Next choose and the the back the ance and then the immediately. the cake from the of the with knife. Turn the and cover the with cloth Next grease the and the
charts and Cleaning and The Appliance the front of the cloth and cleaning or cleaning The as scouring or rough to the with to the and The heating built the and The with or while the the cavity cools and off the the Stained and You the cooking of with Through operation, and This and noticeable when the high and the of the operation, and off the with cloth. Turntable and Turntable The easy cleaning. both easy access. Clean the or the dishwasher. Clean the with These should and cleaned straight each of the and/or immediately they easily cleaned with
What to the properly that the the there If the to blow, please the the that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turning that the turntable correctly connected to the the the food the of the turntable from there nothing the beneath the the switch off the from the AEG Service Force the light AEG Service Force The light trained AEG technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food than or from to or higher
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk customers should the section headed What to and as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating the of the the
Customer concerning AEG and further infor- mation AEG please or telephone the below or to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or performance to or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or of or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the of the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT Instruction UK MCC Microwave UK