MCD1752E MCD1762E Microwave
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning, to follow instructions This further information concerning the of the The clover and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
instructions Appliance Microwave first the clock the when the clock the Child Microwave cooking Food characteristics Microwave cookware Microwave Microwave cooking defrosting Microwave seconds cooking cooking cook operation charts cook charts cook charts cleaning What to Specifications information Service information
instructions instructions instructions: and reference To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the and These and free from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this operation To the of Warning! the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped.
The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions cleaning. to the to of the that the of the and possibly with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the microwave To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top rear of the to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the supply of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and Warning! and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving wide-mouthed to allow to instructions
instructions Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated microwave they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the to them burning themselves. To children Warning: allow children to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their
Children should to that they with the or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to heating to food as they Other the This food and cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when where recommended the operation Doing the using or self-heating heat-resistant such as to to the turntable and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded. which microwaves and the the and the turntable this the without the To the from cleaning the turntable with the turntable to cool. foods or foods or the outer operation. microwaving the from the GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTOMATIC operation, they the they If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of or malfunction. instructions
Appliance Appliance Microwave heating cover cavity Seal and Fixing Rear supply to the following Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown) the the the of the cavity. Then the turntable the turntable To turntable or clear of the when them from the please items: and to or Service Force
AUTO COOK AUTO COOK AUTO DEFROST POWER LEVEL GRILL TIMER/WEIGHT START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPENING Microwave Clock Appliance
first first The ENERGY SAVE the The the and the the and displayed. The count from to reached, the and the To the clock. To when the clock the seconds, then the the clock The hour clock. To the clock to the The the and the Whilst the the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/QUICK once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/QUICK the the You the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise or ENERGY SAVE the clock AUTO AUTO AUTO
the when the clock or To the clock to the Press and the START/QUICK seconds. The the TIMER/WEIGHT to the hour. Press the START/QUICK once then the TIMER/WEIGHT to the Press the START/QUICK once. the the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily once. Child The which the of the child. the of the microwave the To the Press and the seconds. The and LOC displayed: To the lock, and the seconds, the and the of displayed. Child the clock first AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave cooking Microwave cooking Microwave cooking To cook/defrost food the to through the to the food. Therefore to choose cookware. Round/oval to as the food the corners to It to turn, rearrange or food to heating. cooking as the heat to throughout the food. high or Christmas heating should as overheating to fire. Food the amount of cooking Light foods, such as or cook than heavy, foods, such as roasts and Quantity The cooking increased as the amount of food the increases. four to cook than foods and cook than ones, as microwaves from to the cooking the the which such as breasts or to cook the thicker cook than when microwave The of food affects the amount of cooking Chilled foods of food to cook than food foods with doughnuts, to release heat or the thickest of food the of the microwave or with or cooking or reheating as and food to should heated microwave as they cooking poached, and cooking to and rearrange food and rearrange rearrange from the the cooking to the heat to throughout the food. of food defrosted become shielded with of which microwaves, and Food characteristics
Microwave cookware Microwave of to shield food from overheating. least from the walls, as arcing recommended specified the follow instructions Browning follow the instructions. heating as these become and Porcelain, pottery, earthenware and usually those with should using glassware as or crack heated It recommended to cookware when as which to fire. as or fast food high Cling Should the food and to the roasting to microwave or as they or catch fire to the plates or to as and overheating fire. and the when these as overheating fire. Recycled of which and and newspaper to fire. Microwave operation Microwave cooking to The input of cooking from seconds to It the of cooking as shown the Increasing seconds seconds Microwave cooking
Microwave defrosting defrosting (without operating the W. The appears the whenever the selected. Microwave W/ Used or reheating soup, food, HIGH Used cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat W/ To this to that the evenly. This DEFROST and cooking or standing/kitchen WATT To heat and seconds Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the If the selected, HIGH/800 AUTO AUTO AUTO
the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the and the START/QUICK pressed. If to know the the once. You increase or the cooking cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT You the cooking the To cooking the STOP button To the Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/ anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the To the the STOP To the START/QUICK, to STOP seconds The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly cooking W/HIGH seconds the START/QUICK button. the cooking You the cooking of seconds the while the operation. You seconds You this function AUTO COOK or AUTO DEFROST. Microwave operation AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave operation The PLUS and MINUS function to or increase the cooking when the If which cooked firm, MINUS Alternatively, PLUS To cook of Select the the AUTO COOK Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the once to the PLUS Press the START/QUICK the To PLUS/MINUS, the If PLUS the If MINUS, the The GRILL cooking only. with microwave). The recommended You or burning when the the first this and with the To this when the the first the without food AUTO AUTO AUTO
cooking This to Grill/Brown food. To Press the once. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/ anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the cooking This of and Microwave to W). The microwave to W. To cook DUAL GRILL W). Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise/ anti-clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the Microwave AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave cooking of of MICROWAVE, GRILL or DUAL GRILL. To cook: and seconds Press the the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise displayed. the Press the once. the cooking rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT clockwise displayed. Press the START/QUICK the The to cook and seconds W, and then only. AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO AUTO
cook operation AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTO COOK and AUTO DEFROST Microwave Microwave Microwave Gratinated Microwave Microwave Gratin Microwave To cook of Select the pressing the AUTO COOK Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/QUICK the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK At the of the cook the The sounds and the cooking flash. and the of displayed. Microwave AUTO AUTO AUTO
Microwave operation Defrost Meat/Fish/Poultry Microwave Microwave To of the the AUTO DEFROST Turn the TIMER/WEIGHT displayed. Press the START/QUICK the action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK At the of the the The sounds and the cooking flash. and the of displayed. Food AUTO AUTO AUTO
charts cook charts cook (increasing Procedure of (Tea/Coffee) and the and them and Choose of and them. the or the amount of and with the sounds, and re-cover. the and cook. the sounds, turn and necessary.) Gratinated Gratinated Gratin of together and and the the of the breast directly the and cook. the sounds, the and Gratin Gratin Gratin of Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C. charts
charts (increasing Procedure Meat, the food the of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with thoroughly defrosted. Not whole poultry. Minced the sounds, turn the food the defrosted (Whole breast, minced chops, Distribute the of the directly the the sounds, rearrange and defrosting cover and thoroughly defrosted. Chilled foods cooked from o C, foods cooked from o C. the of the food only. include the of the food or than weights/quantities the cook charts, operation. The to the food action to food the and the sounds, cooking and the the To the START/QUICK the cooling If the clock the cooking finished. and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the with of The should immediately defrosting.
cook Thread meat and alternately the with the and the the the and cook AUTO COOK, Gratinated and the and the and with and the with the and season of the the top and cover with the the the top, the turntable and cook AUTO COOK, Gratinated onions, worcester onion (finely sliced) (grated) or and (grated) charts
charts Gratinated and the and with and the the the top of the Season with and the the and the the the the the turntable and cook AUTO COOK Gratinated together the with the onion and season with and Grease the of and the The top should the with fraiche, and and the gratin. the with the grated the and cook AUTO COOK, Gratin. and Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the gratin. the the gratin. Finally the with sunflower the and cook AUTO COOK, Gratin. (grated) and fresh chopped (chopped) or (to grease the (cooked) onion (finely chopped) and (sliced) cooked grated or (to grease the (sliced) sliced) of (crushed) and grated sunflower
charts charts KG Heating food Food/ Quantity Water cover One the cover, meat and through heating trimmings) Soup cover, heating cover, through heating Meat, thinly the top, cover cover food, microwaveable heating and the cover or from Defrosting Food Quantity Goulash through defrosting through defrosting The shown the which to and of the Defrosting cooking Food Quantity Water -tbsp- cover One plate cover, cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking
Food Quantity cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking Roasts season to season to season to season Browning of the and with top with of cooked of and of cooking to to the cooking
the this the of otherwise stated. the If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as poultry, and microwave without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of the and the the and cook. the the the and to and the soup. Season with and cover and cook. the with the the soup. Heat with capacity) onion, finely chopped meat or and
Mushrooms with the from the Chop the Grease the shallow the onions, the and the Season with and rosemary, cover and cook. to cool. Heat the and of the the the with the the cover and cook. once the with the and the the and cook the W) the and the the the hearts, and season with the cover and cook, once. the the hearts and cook. Season the to with and the with capacity) Shallow round or onion, finely chopped finely fresh rosemary, chopped white with capacity) garlic, crushed onion, hearts, and
the and them bones. the and the thin Grease the with the the the and with the the top and season. the top of the and the white them. of top of the and cook. with the and with with Grease the the onion, cover and cook. the the onions and white and Grease the and the the the and with the and cook. W) with the each or the and the and the of the and them chives, and cover and cook. to the Season with and cover and cook. Shallow with whole parsley, chopped and white or with capacity) Shallow round or onion, finely chopped white to grease the grated parsley, chopped with capacity) with capacity) shelled white chives, chopped and chopped (fresh), chopped cornflour
the Grease the with the the meat and onion the cover and cook. once the white browning and and occasionally. the Garnish with parsley. the with the and fromage season to of the top of each of the cooked and Spear the with to this, the and and heat. the and to to the and whisk cook thick. and the the greased the of and cook with W) with capacity) or onion, finely chopped white seasoned browning, parsley, chopped with capacity) chopped fromage grated and cooked or or to grease the
Chop the with the and onion, garlic, minced and puree. Season, and cook. the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the with about of the of the minced meat the and and with the the with and with with the the and the the cover and cook. Turn once Allow to cool. the lengthways and the flesh. the with the onion, and smooth. Season with and the with the top with the the and cook. with capacity) Shallow with chopped onion, finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced and grated chopped to grease the grated with capacity) finely onion, finely chopped grated and grated
Pears the and the the cover and cook. the pears the and cook. the pears of the cooking and the of the cooking the the and cover and cook. the the pears to with of the to the of the with the white cover and heat. the and the the then and the with the the the and to To the the the other the and the this the with the and the and cook, cooking and the Turn the plate and with the whole the the with the the the and cook. occasionally. Whip the and this top of the Serve garnished with with capacity) with capacity) whole pears, chopped with capacity) with capacity) and washed and and white cornflour capacity) grated
cleaning DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE ANY FOOD DEPOSITS. to the to of the that the of the and possibly The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the Heat the food or splashed or Turntable the and turntable from the the turntable and with cloth. Both the and the turntable dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the This should and The dishwasher should used. Reduced If cook the food the with the the of the to overheating. (The microwave reduced or the heating to light and off.) seconds, Reduced Microwave W) Microwave cleaning
What to Specifications What to The The the properly There If the to please The microwave The properly closed. The and their clean. The START/QUICK-button pressed. The turntable turning The correctly connected to the The the Food the of the from There nothing the beneath the The microwave the from the switch off Service Force The light Service Force The light exchanged trained Service Force technicians. The food to cooking nearly or, heat through and cook than If the food colder than or from to or, higher Specifications AC AC required: Microwave Microwave/Grill Microwave Microwave MCD1752E MCD1762E Cavity Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the intentionally the of the heat treatment of Class that the to and holding food This with the of Directives 2004/108/EC and 2006/95/EC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
The microwave A, C or D: B+C the and of This to high as high Unscrew and the from the of the There and foot. the with those the accessory the foot. the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the Fixing Option the with the screws provided. The fixing located the top and corners of the Fixing Option Please the template with this C
the of the or the It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this and the instructions. of the If the microwave or C The of (E) the and directly This tested and and induction only. and microwave should allowed to overheating of microwave surrounding and the without when the microwave should when to the while the Connecting the to the supply The outlet should readily that the easily should to isolate the from the supply incorporating switch the with the The should the The the (A). the to phase V/50 correctly earth The supply only of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. the supply or or other (A)
WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to it off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If own the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
information information of and microwave effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
Service If to purchase or AEG- Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland Service
information that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to statutory and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which AEG-
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK information
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.com to without TINS-A503URR0