MC ADVANCED ENGINEERING FROM GERMANY MICROMAT Microwave instructions PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK
MC Dear customer, Thank AEG and the AEG AEG the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the that the offers. It trouble-free operation and service information concerning or the of noted this and/or such as Warning, to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to Printed AEG action
MC information of and Instructions free and operation Microwaves operating instructions What to and Connecting Table top Connecting to the Product The Appliance the the clock At operating instructions of operation Microwave Notes with charts and Microwave microwaving procedures Cleaning and What to Service and Customer Service cover UK
MC information of and AEG effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows PE PS (CFC-free) PP and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the
MC instructions The should operated with the and turntable microwave should used. To the from the cavity or the these each the when or cooking food of plastic, or other If the closed, the supply and AEG Service Force the microwave functioning properly. This with instructions. to the of the repairs should AEG Service Force Repairs the the of or breakdown, please therefore or the AEG Service Force Should the and/or the should operated repaired the AEG Service Force exactly the of this operation. WARNING This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the free and the and the the and their clean. items the microwave. They when the switched Switch the only when the food the cooking as there food UK
MC instructions Microwaves heating please the to the without the typical the gently, the then or with the of the Food with or such as tomatoes, and the should with that and the food that of 70C the cooking/heating of food. mercury or thermometer the of the food. food or bottles should heated without or top, and or heating, to of the heat. the feeding child. The food heat the this reason cook food too or too high of the food or or crockery, or earthenware the or bases) microwave as these of from the food as This to which shatter the microwave the following to or their shells, as they poached microwave as as the to heat of cooking or and containing high of there of combustion! to heat bottles, to or
MC operating instructions of Defrosting Heating and (without Oven-to-tableware) Non and crockery) and of fire/frost earthenware Plastic, heat-resistant to 200C Cling Microwave or or include containing please the stated the What to Food and The these reasons the and amount of to heat or cook the quantity/weight nearly* the Please to the cooking charts. To the the shorter cooking Then the as necessary. Microwaves the food heat of this, of the food heated the heating of food, to or them to the cooking charts. This the should the food to without or the This of heat throughout the food. UK
MC and Connecting The should least To the of the the front foot Turn to or the that nothing the and that freely around the Table top around the to To the the mounting the instructions and building to high the the information and the operation instructions of the Attention! the microwave with the closed. operation would and the This with the following EC Directives 73/23/EEC of 89/336/EEC of Directive 92/31/EEC) EMC Directive. Microwave
MC from the the The enough to bear the of the and the To the of causing or the the microwave from of and heat, and boilers. This should to or as this to the malfunctioning the top and the of the and the top of the If operation, the overheat, and this to malfunctioning. from the to or the and the the as from and as This to EEC of interference interference too to or TV, them as as This conforms to the of EEC Interference Directive 87/308/EEC. Connecting to the The with the and V, earthed Earth protection the should to the of the matches the supply. N.B. If the connected to the cord, the earthed. WARNING! This earth protected supply. of the or of earth protection of the supply. This earthed. If this with which the should off and the fitted. If to the the cover If the cover or the obtained. UK
MC and Connecting WARNING! THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The wires the with the following If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE AMP BLUE CORD CLAMP BROWN
MC Product The C C C and catch Turntable lighting UK PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK
MC Product The TAGESZEIT BETRIEBSDATEN PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK of cooking function function to the of and the selected C with light to microwave C Rotary to the cooking or the when using PROGRAMME defrosting and CLEAR STOP to START START/QUICK to the selected function and to switch QUICK- START. switching the turntable off with light.
MC The turntable and turntable should as shown the to the properly The clockwise or counterclockwise operation. to the manually, as the the the clock the the The to AEG and then The the Press the function beneath the (top The the While the function pressed, the of with the Release the as as the of displayed. The the slowly. The ready The turned clockwise (to increase) or counterclockwise (to The of corrected the function and turning the UK
MC At operating instructions Action Press release food the cooking the Select to the instructions the following .If switch off the turntable .Press the START-button START/QUICK of cooking If the within the of reappears the If the cooking the the shows The The when properly If the properly, the function. The which functions Turn the clockwise to increase or counterclockwise to the switched off, the lights The should turned off when using that than the and of The The shows the selected cooking counting backwards seconds. (The light the chosen function lights The of the indicated The and the light switch off. The once shows the of
MC Action the the release the and the START START/QUICK Press the CLEAR STOP the selected cooking the otary clockwise or counterclockwise. the selected the Press function If the selection reaches the the cooking and sounds three The and the lighting switch off. cooking process, the cooking increased to of The and lighting switch off. the the the flash. The selected The counts automatically. The The and the lighting switch off. of displayed. The cooking the when turning the The displayed seconds. The cooking with the The selected displayed seconds each, microwave UK
MC of operation Microwaves as follows from to from to from to from to from items least from the cavity and the TAGESZEIT BETRIEBSDATEN PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK seconds microwave the microwave turning the The lights The of from the and the microwave appears: to the to the right= higher the cooking turning the Rotary The chosen appears the Press the START START/QUICK The selected to count
MC Notes The following shows the and what they microwave operation Watt Heating to cooking roasting, cooking cooking defrosting and heating of ready heating ready cooking cooking based Watt cooking cooking of heating food heating of defrosting and defrosting and cakes with or icing to dough dishes, UK
MC of operation defrosting and cooking selected the the of the the of the automatically. The following of which food and/or cooked with which Food and with and thin with defrosting. Unpack food the top of to catch the from and follow recommended defrosting through Turn or and, cooking Food covered, heat-resistant whenever through If of once or Please the following amounts fresh (I+II): Poultry fresh Meat and C1 II C2 C3 from to Poultry (whole or (whole or from to sprouts, sprouts,
MC to through the three heard. or the food item this The switch off. TAGESZEIT BETRIEBSDATEN PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK Press the PROGRAMME the appears the the Rotary to the Press the START START/QUICK The shows the If to the to the Clear-button, STOP and UK
MC of QUICK-Start to The Quick- START/QUICK from seconds to and seconds, second- Each the -START START/QUICK the increased seconds. heating of You and seconds. TAGESZEIT BETRIEBSDATEN PROGRAMME STOP START/QUICK Press the START/QUICK three The appears the and the The microwave You increase the second-intervals while the to of and seconds the START START/QUICK
MC with The with as to the it to the that cooking the The without switching the as as other selected. to 1.Select microwave using the the to the the with the Rotary The of from the and the of appears. Press the START- START/QUICK The to count sound when the finished counting UK
MC charts and Defrosting Duration Meat Whole Turn once. with of defrosting Turn once. chopped through the meat defrosting of that already defrosted. Goulash Poultry Turn once. Cover and with through defrosting Whole Turn once. Cover with Shrimps/crab thoroughly. and from to Turn once. from to Defrost covered turn once.
MC Defrosting Duration towel, once. Wholemeal, Defrost covered Cover cakes towel, cover. with cakes. cakes. covered cakes. and defrosting with cake waves, then of food Break from to To Heating of food and food Heat without ready Heat covered plate meat meat, meat, should heated covered UK
MC charts and Duration coffee or when the Heat enough to coffee the (reheat) Heat covered once. or Heat clear uncovered, thick or food Defrosting and heating of foods meat and Heat with covered meat meat with with
MC Duration with facing outwards. Mushrooms and or and or or or covered Duration covered. Turn half- through cooking Whole Turn through cooking The stated only, and the and type of food cooked. UK
MC charts and of meat and Duration Turn reduce to and cook Poultry covered, switching off food to allow heat or containing the food. least from the cooking and to the Whenever cook food covered. with should cooked uncovered. or food cooking containing should from to such as and with such as and without Increase cooking approximately Defrosting of and meat inverted or that the meat through the food, where and the that defrosted.
MC Defrosting of of cake and the to This or and/or defrosting Defrosting of and and that to should defrosted the to defrosting the and that to cooked immediately cooked straight from higher Ready Ready or with should heated or microwave they explicitly as microwave Please follow the operating instructions the the and the microwaving You cant cooking of food. The food too The food defrosted, heated through or cooked of The food the and the of cooking type of food. Lengthen or shorten the cooking accordingly: cooking or reduce the microwave Select or higher that food Next such as UK
MC charts and (Microwave The and of established testing dishes. DIN Defrost and cook through cooking that outwards. IEC A) B) Meat C) Defrost minced Watt directly meat Turn through. Defrost directly turntable otherwise instructed. The to switched
MC Cleaning and The Appliance the front of the cloth and cleaning or cleaning The as scouring or rough dishwashing to the You the cooking of with Through operation, and This and noticeable when the high and the of the operation, and off the with cloth. Turntable and Turntable The the of that the other Clean the turntable or the dishwasher. Clean the with This should straight each and cleaned or the dishwasher. UK
MC What to ...the properly that the the there If the to please ...the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the START-button START/QUICK pressed. the ...the that the correctly connected to the the the food the of the from there nothing the beneath the the switched ...the microwave switch off the from the AEG Service Force or ...the light AEG Service Force The light trained AEG technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food than or from to or higher
MC Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should the section headed What to and as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating plate This information found the rating the of the the Customer Service or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ UK
MC Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or glassware. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers home, of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the of the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: Copyright AEG UK