AG-61+62D-UK English MCD1751E MCD1761E Microwave with instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
AG-61+62D-UK English Customer, Thank AEG microwave and the AEG AEG microwave the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the features that the offers. It trouble-free operation and service information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
AG-61+62D-UK English instructions operation the clock What microwaves? Microwave Microwave cooking cooking Other charts AC-7 AC-8 charts cleaning What to Service Customer Specifications information
AG-61+62D-UK English instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS: READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR FUTURE REFERENCE To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the and These and free from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, only microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this operation To the of WARNING: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or which the of cover which protection to microwave the with the or the the there the and allow grease or to the and Follow instructions and to the to of the that the of the and possibly Individuals with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the microwave To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the supply to or such as the the top of the
AG-61+62D-UK English instructions to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the supply of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and WARNING: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the and that become when the Children should to them burning themselves. the cavity, and GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTOMATIC as they become cleaning they To Warning: allow to the without when instructions that the to the and the of or the with the or as toy. Children should instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food and cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when where recommended the operation Doing the or self-heating heat-resistant such as to to the and turntable to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded.
AG-61+62D-UK English instructions which microwaves and arcing. the the and the this the without the To the from cleaning the turntable with the turntable to cool. foods or foods or anything the outer operation. microwaving the from using the GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTOMATIC operation, they the they NOTE: If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of microwave or malfunction.
AG-61+62D-UK English heating cover cavity and Fixing cover Rear supply supply ACCESSORIES: to the following provided: Turntable Turntable fixing screws shown) the the the of the cavity. Then the the To turntable or clear of the turntable when them from the NOTE: please items: and to or Service Force
AG-61+62D-UK English The or light each to the instruction. flashing, the the or the operation. Turn Microwave TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER COOKING MODE Press to microwave, or or to the clock. once to to the three to (microwave and AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES Press to of the START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPENING
AG-61+62D-UK English the The flash: Press the STOP the To the clock, below. Heat the without food. the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE once and the below appear the To the clock, follow the below. To the hour clock to Choose the clock function. Choose the hour hour clock). clock. and seconds Press the COOKING MODE to from hours to NOTES: You the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to microwave interrupted, the the the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the displayed the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily the hours. the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER the hour displayed Press the COOKING MODE to the clock. the reinstated. If this the The of to the of follow the
AG-61+62D-UK English What microwaves? Microwaves the and the the food to Heat the friction which caused, with the that the food heated or cooked. Heat-resistant The cooking from They however, finish). Generally with the the to heat and it shatter. If whether the microwave, the or which microwaves and which withstand heat heating and Please follow instructions. to which heating of or products the the food and the The of the food and greasy food with catch splashes. Microwave This, or heat-resistant covering or Please follow the Roasting Can microwave them the roasting might the roasting with and with Non heat-resistant food wraps recommended microwave Browning microwave from with base, which allows food to the the and the to exactly to the pre-heating the instructions. pre-heating the turntable and the or the which switch off the Generally should used, microwaves through and therefore reach the food. There however, of to cover of the food, that these thaw too or to cook and of readycooked used. They however, relation to the food, least to with food. It recommended that the food the microwave. or other there of them and the of the cooking otherwise the should overlay, or such as screws, or If whether microwave the following the the with of or to the Switch the to If the cool or to the this It
AG-61+62D-UK English function You heat-resistant the roasting/grilling function which roasting and microwave cooking which the to roasted or or when using the combined function, the microwaves and heat-resistant. heat-resistant and To as easy as to the microwave together hints and switch the when the food already the cooking Defrosting, re-heating and cooking than or to this the recommended cooking It to shorter rather than cooking the food the cooking It then to cooking than to food. Initial heating and cooking the of the food. food and food than food which heating and C, C). thawing the of the to C. the this which to the and of the food or food thermometer to cooking Once cooked, every and every foodstuff internal which the cooking switched off and the food cooked. The internal ascertained with food thermometer. The specified the Food once cooked Heating (Coffee, Heating Heating Heating Poultry Addition of and other foods with high cooked their own or with the of This that and Food or such as or such should or with or This the which to without the or shell. foods meat and of cook than of cover the with of or the food with the o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C
AG-61+62D-UK English Blanching they should blanched. This the and their and the of with and cover. Heat blanching, immediately to further cooking and then allow to airtight and Preserving and the microwave and easy. There and of specially microwaves. The supply instructions Microwave directly the amount of food which would to thaw, heat or cook. This that cook than ones. of thumb: TWICE THE AMOUNT ALMOST TWICE THE TIME HALF THE AMOUNT HALF THE TIME Both the capacity, the cooking the You should therefore choose as as with where there of overcooking, Round Food cooks round or than with corners, the microwave the corners and the food these become overcooked. Covering the food the within and shortens the cooking or cover. which to roasts or should covered. whatever would covered should covered Whatever would food the thicker, compacted of the food the (such as with the outward. the food necessary, the microwaves heating the outer areas. The thereby and the food heats evenly. of food of such as moulds, or their the the from each other that the microwave reach the food from Turning items, such as and should turned once to the cooking process. items, such as roasts and turned, the microwave and turned. to the of the with microwaves. foods, which defrosted, heated or cooked the microwave, amount of to which and the the food distributed.
AG-61+62D-UK English Heating this found the Heating food and Ready-prepared should from the and heated plate or the from closed Food should covered with microwave plate or cover from stores), that the covered. such as coffee, or the If from to to that the distributed. Defrosting this found the Defrosting usually shorter than the item of its and plate and microwaves defrosting and heating food, they withstand to C) as as heat-resistant to C). You therefore the to heat and cook the food, without to Cover thin with of defrosting. or should covered with defrosting. This the thin becoming too while thicker Correct It to choose which too rather than which too high. that the food evenly. If the microwave too high, the of the food already to cook while the The food of C. The heating food should increased slightly. heating allow the food to that the the food distributed The which to the or the which to Turning/stirring foods to turned or from to early as which together and rearrange them. amounts... and than ones. that which as as to whole and easily. such as and should partially defrosted and then to completely the becoming too while the This defrosting food, as the defrosting this the defrosting the foods. Thick, foods than thinner foods or food of If the food sufficiently, defrosting the microwave or lengthen the accordingly. At the of the should the food as as and
AG-61+62D-UK English fresh this found the fresh to that, as as they of This when to cook the whole the them, them and only then the the and them Season them as normally, as about of of which high You information about this the this found the and food items, to that, as as they of This that they cooked properly. meat, and thoroughly and them with Then as should and though the of cooking This other things, to the of food, the and as as the Defrosting cooking and cooked the microwave. You the however, of the "heating" and food. cooked with Those with high onions or cooked microwave without the cooking should or turned cooking allow the to that the The cooking and the and of the type of The fresher the the shorter the cooking Turn of meat, or through the cooking that they cooked from cooking cover roasts with and allow them to this the cooking and the distributed, that when amount of Please to the instructions the when dishes. These usually cooking and offer
AG-61+62D-UK English Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating soup, food, cooking of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the To the microwave the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise to Press the COOKING MODE once (microwave only). To the microwave the the reached. Press the START/QUICK NOTE: If the selected, foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat (Defrost to this to that the evenly. This and cooking or WATT
AG-61+62D-UK English Microwave cooking to The input of cooking from seconds to It the of the cooking as shown the to heat and seconds microwave cooking rotating TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER clockwise. NOTES: the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/QUICK pressed. If to know the the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE button, the displayed. You the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. If the counter-clockwise, the cooking from Choose cooking COOKING MODE once only). Increasing seconds seconds Choose rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. Press START/QUICK once to the
AG-61+62D-UK English cooking This microwave GRILL cooking only. with microwave). 1.GRILL ONLY COOKING This to Grill/Brown food. To cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER NOTES: The recommended of of food. You or burning when using the the first this and that the of To this when first the the without food DUAL GRILL COOKING This of and Microwave to W). The Microwave to W. To cook DUAL GRILL W. the cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE only). Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE three to with Microwave. Press the START/QUICK once to the the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER to the microwave Press the START/QUICK once to the
AG-61+62D-UK English Other functions MULTIPLE SEQUENCE COOKING of of MICROWAVE GRILL or DUAL GRILL To cook: and seconds only STAGE the cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. STAGE rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. (The to cook and seconds W, and then only). NOTE: If GRILL the and If the COOKING MODE continually GRILL the GRILL to the DUAL GRILL automatically. To cook W. W. Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE once only). Choose the the COOKING MODE only). the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. Press the START/QUICK once to the Press the COOKING MODE
AG-61+62D-UK English Other 2.QUICK START FUNCTION The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly cooking microwave seconds the START/QUICK NOTE: To the children the START/QUICK within operation, closing the pressing the STOP or cooking the cooking You the cooking cooking of seconds the START/QUICK while the operation. 3.TO CHECK THE POWER LEVEL To the microwave cooking the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE the displayed. The to count although the shows the 4.SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION TO SET THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The NOTE: input buttons the STOP TO CANCEL THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The the of
AG-61+62D-UK English The AUTOMATIC function the cooking and cooking You choose from AUTOCOOK and AUTO DEFROST What to know when this function: Press the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES once, the appear as shown. The chosen the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES the displayed. charts. To the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES least If the appear the The holding the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES The weight of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the displayed. the of the food only. include the weight of the food weighing or than the charts, follow the cooking charts To cooking START/QUICK action to food the and the sound, cooking and the To the START/QUICK To cook using AUTOCOOK AC-2. Select the the AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER AUTOMATIC PROGRAMMES TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER START/QUICK The to the food food If necessary, the cooking manually. Press the START/QUICK button once. the
AG-61+62D-UK English charts BUTTON MENU NO. AC-1 French (recommended AC-2 AC-3 AC-4 and AC-5 WEIGHT (Increasing Unit)/ UTENSILS C) C) C) C) C) PROCEDURE the french from the and them the the the sounds, from the and plate necessary). to NOTE: The To burning yourself, please the from the the to the the and cook. the sounds, turn and necessary). the and the the of the the the with the thin the sounds, and the and the the of the breast directly the turntable and cook. sounds, the and or and as necessary). Cover with sounds, and re-cover. the food
AG-61+62D-UK English charts BUTTON AUTOCOOK NO. AC-6 AC-7 Gratinated AC-8 Gratin BUTTON AUTO DEFROST NO. Defrost Chops Defrost Minced Meat Defrost WEIGHT (Increasing Unit)/ UTENSILS C) C) Gratin C) Gratin WEIGHT (Increasing Unit)/ UTENSILS C) C) C) PROCEDURE the and them Choose of and them. the or the amount of and with sounds, and re-cover. the Gratinated of Gratin of PROCEDURE the food the of the the sounds, the food rearrange and thin and with of defrosting, thoroughly defrosted. the of minced meat the of the the sounds, the food the defrosting, cover with and thoroughly defrosted. from the directly the or the of the defrosting, the cake each and defrosted.
AG-61+62D-UK English charts BUTTON AUTO DEFROST NO. Defrost NOTES: Defrost and Chops should Minced should thin turning shield the defrosted with of topped and with to microwave the the to to from the immediately and AC-7 AC-8 GRATINATED FISH FILLET (AC-7) (grated) fresh chopped (chopped) GRATINATED FISH FILLET (AC-7) onion (finely sliced) (grated) or (grated) WEIGHT (Increasing Unit)/ UTENSILS C) recommended this PROCEDURE Distribute the of the directly the the sounds, and defrosting cover and thoroughly defrosted. Preparation and the and with and grease with the the the and the and top of the Season with and the the and the the the the the turntable and cook AUTOMATIC COOK AC-7 Gratinated cooking Preparation and the and the and with and the with the and season of the the top and with the the the top, the turntable and cook AUTOMATIC COOK AC-7 Gratinated cooking
AG-61+62D-UK English AC-7 AC-8 GRATIN (AC-8) (defrosted, onion (finely chopped) (sliced) cooked grated GRATIN (AC-8) (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) grated sunflower Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the layers of and the The top should the with and and the the with the grated the and cook AUTOMATIC COOK AC-8 Gratin. Preparation Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the the with the grated Finally the with sunflower the and cook AUTOMATIC COOK AC-8 Gratin.
AG-61+62D-UK English charts Food Quantity Coffee, cover cover, to the cover, to the to the with cover, Meat through cooking and dishes) heating Soup, clear heating heating necessary, cover, through cooking with cover, through cooking Meat, with cover Cover food, heating the or cooking sheets of and cooking with and cover and, and cooking from ABBREVIATIONS USED DFC DF TABLE: HEATING FOOD DRINK seconds
AG-61+62D-UK English charts Food Quantity Meat roasting through defrosting Cutlets, Turn through defrosting Goulash through defrosting to each other, through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting Turn through defrosting Turn through defrosting Turn through Turn through and defrosted to wholemeal to each other, to of Toast whole Turn through defrosting White bread, whole plate Whole to and defrosted defrosted, and allow to defrosting to to each other, Turn through defrosting The shown the which to and of the foodstuffs. TABLE: DEFROSTING
AG-61+62D-UK English charts Quantity the cover cover, once or cooking whole head, cover, cooking cover, cooking Mushrooms whole heads, cover, cooking Chinese cover, cooking Peas cover, cooking cover, Onions whole, cook microwave cover, cooking once or cooking cover, cooking cover, cooking once or cooking whole sprouts, cover, cooking of cover, occasionally cooking finely, cover, cooking White cover, cooking cover, cooking Food Quantity Cover Trout, Cover once or cooking Tbsp through Peas Tbsp through Tbsp through Tbsp through Tbsp through Tbsp through TABLE: COOKING FRESH VEGETABLES TABLE: COOKING DEFROSTING
AG-61+62D-UK English charts Food Quantity Roasts Season to the Season to the Season to breast shallow the Season to season To Toast with of cooked of and of top and cooking of To the seconds, cooking TABLE: COOKING, GRILLING AND BROWNING
AG-61+62D-UK English ADAPTING RECIPES FOR THE MICROWAVE OVEN If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten cooking third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as poultry, and microwave without difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of Soups of cooking with capacity) of flesh) meat HOW TO USE THE RECIPES the this the of otherwise stated. relating to and the cooking the of every the shown to wholly specifically indicated otherwise. the they to of the and puree with or thin and with the and the season with and and cook with once creamy and with the Allow to
AG-61+62D-UK English Soups cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped celery, white bones meat Netherlands cooking with capacity) onion finely chopped meat or cooking of toasting or cranberry the and onion the and with the the the to the Then the bones, the of and the and with the meat Season with and cook with the Chop the and heat them the the the bones of the the with the meat the and cook with the Puree the food the the and dough and the smooth. Season with and cover and cook. the with the the Heat the whole allow to Allow the to approximately once cooked. Toast the and with the and top of the toast. the Cranberry the of the and with the plate and heat. You this to fresh and grated or cooked and
AG-61+62D-UK English Meat, with cooking Shallow with fresh to grease the onions finely chopped white of with cooking with capacity) Shallow round whole or onion finely chopped finely ground rosemary, white the and with Allow the to then and the of the and the the top of the the white the of and the and season. Cover the and cook. Allow the to the and the of of: of parsley, bunch of and and the from the and the the the of the the onions, the and the Season with and rosemary, and cook. to cool. Heat of the and the other with its the with the the and cook with the once the with the the and cook the Allow the to once cooked.
AG-61+62D-UK English Meat, and cooking with capacity) Gratin chopped onions finely chopped to grease the grated Austria cooking Thread (fresh) rosemary, bunch parsley, finely chopped or or or to grease the the and the and to the with the Break the to the and allow to the and allow to cool. the with the onions and season Grease the the and the the the top. Beat the with the and the the the grated the top. AUTOCOOK AC-8 or Allow the to the and season the cavity with and To the the approximately and then and with parsley, and the with the the with or butchers thread. Heat the the and with the and smear the the the greased cover). Turn the Allow the to
AG-61+62D-UK English Meat, with cooking with capacity) Shallow round or onion finely chopped white to grease the grated chopped cooking onions Worcester the and with to and with Smear the the of the the onion, cover with the and the the onions and the white and Grease the and the the the and with the and cook. Allow to Serve with of chopped the and the the meat the the the with the and the the and cook. AUTOCOOK AC-2 or Turn the
AG-61+62D-UK English Meat, cooking with capacity) Shallow with or microwave fresh with grated cooked or or to grease the You this Greece with cooking with capacity) without bones or to grease the onion finely chopped of garlic, crushed If fresh beans, these cooked the finely, with the and the and season to of the each of the cooked and the with toothpick. To this, the the cover and heat. the the to the and beat with whisk, smooth. to the thickened. and the the greased the the and cook with the To the top, the and the the Allow the to the the and food the Grease the with the meat, the onion and crushed clove, season, cover and cook. the beans and the to the and to cook with the Allow the meat to
AG-61+62D-UK Meat, cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped white thickener to parsley, chopped of cooking Shallow with of or to grease the parsley, chopped white or You rosefish, or this the meat finger-thick Smear the around the the onion and the meat to the and cook. once the white the and the cover and to cook. once the and allow to Serve with garnish. the and bones. the and the finely. Grease the with the and with the with parsley, the of top and season. the of top of the and the white this. the with cover and cook. Allow the to approximately
AG-61+62D-UK English Meat, with with capacity) with capacity) (shelled white bunches of chives (fresh) cornflour with crackling cooking with capacity) with capacity) shoulder of with freshly ground finely thickener the the and the and each or and each they when cooked. the and with the and chives and and chives and and the of the and them chives, and and cover. Heat. to the Season with and and cook covered. Allow the to Serve the meat and the rind. Crush clove, with and and to season the meat rind-down Season and them to and and covered, turning through meat, and to Strain the meat through the to of the amount of thickener to the and heat covered, occasionally. Season the as required, meat and and or with this
AG-61+62D-UK cooking with capacity) Shallow with finely onion finely chopped clove, crushed minced grated chopped greasing grated or cooking with capacity) clove, crushed onion roughly chopped roughly chopped roughly chopped roughly chopped hearts, the and with the onion and garlic, minced and puree. Season and with together the and Season. Grease the and cover the with of the sheets. of the meat top of the and cover with of the another of the top of this, the meat and with the of the covered with of and top with grated and cook with the to to and the the hearts and season with the and cook covered. once the hearts to the the Season the to and the Once cooked, the to about Tips: Serve this with meat dishes. of: of parsley, and
AG-61+62D-UK English cooking with capacity) plates finely onion finely chopped grated grated with cooking with capacity) washed, and washed, washed and white sheets from cornflour You once defrosted. cooking Tea capacity) of the the the and cook. Turn once Allow to cool. the and the flesh. the with the onion, and smooth. Season with and the with the top with the grated the plates and cook. the to about of the Puree the of the with the the and cook cover. and to and the the the to To the the the and the the and cornflour the and cover cooking and to finish. the plate and with the whole Serve with the and the and heat. to
AG-61+62D-UK English Pears cooking with capacity) with capacity) pears of cooking with capacity) white whole with cooking capacity) grated the pears, them whole. and the and heat. the pears the cover and cook. the pears of the and allow to cool. of the the the and and heat. the and the pears to You this with the the the that the thin and this the together with the and and heat. the and of the each top with the fiery and the the the and heat. occasionally. Whip the and this top of the chocolate. Serve garnished with
AG-61+62D-UK English cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. using amounts of of or cleaner. cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the interior. Heat the to food or splashed or Turntable and the and turntable from the the turntable and turntable with cloth. Both the turntable and the dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. This should washed and The dishwasher NOTE: should used.
AG-61+62D-UK English What to the microwave properly that the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turning that the turntable correctly connected to the the the food the of the from there nothing the beneath the NOTE: If cook the food the with the cooking the of the to overheating. (The reduced or the heating to light and off). seconds, Microwave W) the microwave switch off the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light exchanged trained Service Force technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food colder than or from to or higher Reduced Microwave
AG-61+62D-UK English Service If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: AEG (Irl) of Ireland
AG-61+62D-UK English AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
AG-61+62D-UK English Specifications AC Distribution AC required: Microwave Microwave Microwave MCD1751E MCD1761E Cavity Capacity Turntable capacity and height. capacity holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT information of and AEG microwave effective to them the used. or styrofoam) of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP using and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the V, phase (IEC (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
AG-61+62D-UK English INSTALLING THE APPLIANCE and of If the microwave A) then the provided. the sheet to the internal of the back the protective cover the and to the of the that covers the service SAFE USE OF THE APPLIANCE If the or C: The of (E) the directly This tested and and induction only. and microwave should to overheating of microwave surrounding and the without when the microwave should when to the microwave while the Service C POSITION NICHE SIZE CHIMNEY C the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the the with the screws provided. The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this and the or instructions. Chimney Chimney
AG-61+62D-UK English CONNECTING THE APPLIANCE TO THE POWER SUPPLY The should readily that the easily The should the The the (A). the supply to (A) should from the item and routed the the to phase correctly earth The fused with 16A If the to operated country, the type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating found the of the The supply of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of IMPORTANT The the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP (A) AMP BROWN
AG-61+62D-UK English
AG-61+62D-UK English From the Group. The Worlds choice. The the of the cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG Appliances Cornwall House High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Telephone: TINS-A350URR0 Printed AEG action Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly