AG-72D-UK English MCD2660E Microwave instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
AG-72D-UK English Customer, Thank microwave and the microwave the first please the instruction thoroughly. This to of the that the offers. It trouble-free operation and service information concerning or the operation of noted this and/or such as Warning to follow instructions Throughout the this when operating the This further information concerning the of the The clover and hints of the of malfunctioning, please follow the instructions the section What to
AG-72D-UK English instructions the clock What microwaves? Microwave Microwave cooking cooking Other functions cook cook charts cook charts cleaning What to Service Customer Specifications information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
AG-72D-UK English instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS: READ CAREFULLY AND KEEP FOR FUTURE REFERENCE To the of fire The microwave should operation. that too high or cooking that too overheat foods fire. The outlet readily that the easily or the If food heated to DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR. Turn off and the and the food the while food fire. microwave-safe and the when plastic, or other food Clean the cover, the cavity, the turntable and turntable These and from grease. grease overheat and to or catch fire. the or the twists, from food and food Arcing fire. the microwave to heat The and the catch fire. To popcorn, microwave food or other items the the the to the operating as the hints this To the of the with the or the the there the and Individuals with PACEMAKERS should with their or the of the microwave To the of shock should the outer or the or the of off and the immediately and Service Force the supply or or other allow the to or such as the the top of the WARNING: the or malfunctioning. the following The the properly and or warped. The and to they or The and that they the cavity or the there The supply and that they or the yourself. It other than to service or operation which the of cover which protection to microwave allow grease or to the and Follow instructions and Cleaning, to the to of the that the of the and possibly
AG-72D-UK English instructions to the or allow who authorised Service Force to If the please or Service Force If the supply of this with cord. The authorised Service Force technician. To the of and WARNING: and other foods heated sealed they to sealed and Sealed to of the turned off. when microwaving mouthed to allow to Microwave heating of therefore to when the To of and scalding: to heating/reheating. It to or the whilst reheating. least seconds the the of cooking to cook their shells, and whole should heated microwave they microwave cooking To cook or reheat which scrambled or the and the whites, or the Shell and reheating them the microwave the of such foods as and or they To the of burns or when food from the to burns. cooking from the and to burns. To burns, food and and to the of food and to or the of the of the of the food or the food back from the when to burns from and heat. foods heating to release and burns. from the and that become when the Children should to them burning themselves. the outer cavity, and GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK as they become cleaning they To Warning: allow children to the without when instructions that the child to the and the of or the with the or as toy. Children should taught instructions: of of food coverings; to self-heating to food as they Other the This food and cooking food. It or laboratory To trouble-free of and the when where the operation Doing the or self-heating heat-resistant such as to to the and to heat stress. The preheating specified the instructions exceeded.
AG-72D-UK English instructions which microwaves and arcing. the the and the this the without the To the turntable from cleaning the with the to cool. foods or foods or anything the outer operation. microwaving the from the GRILL DUAL GRILL and AUTO COOK operation, they the they NOTE: If to please authorised, Neither the the to the or from to the Water or the or around the and This and of or malfunction.
AG-72D-UK English heating cover cavity Seal and Fixing cover Rear supply supply ACCESSORIES: to the following provided: Turntable Turntable High fixing screws shown) the the the of the cavity. Then the turntable the turntable To or clear of the when them from the NOTE: please items: and to or Service Force
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH The or light each to the instruction. flashing, the the or the operation. TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER AUTO COOK Press to of the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press to of the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press to of the AUTO DEFROST Press to of the COOKING MODE Press to microwave, or or to the clock. once to microwave function. to the three to microwave with START/QUICK STOP DOOR OPENING Turn Weight/power Microwave
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH the The flash: Press the STOP button, the To the clock, below. Heat the without food. the clock There hour clock and hour clock. To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE seconds. appear the To the hour clock, the COOKING MODE once the below appear the and To the clock, follow the below. To the hour clock to Choose the clock function. Choose the hour hour clock). clock. and seconds Press the COOKING MODE to from hours to NOTES: You the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. Press the STOP If the supply to microwave interrupted, the the the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the displayed the STOP the STOP to: Stop the temporarily the hours. the TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER the hour displayed Press the COOKING MODE to the clock. the reinstated. If this the The of to the of follow the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH What microwaves? What microwaves? and waves, microwaves waves. Microwaves the microwave and these the of the food. The friction this heat, which that the food defrosted, heated or cooked through. The of the reduced cooking the fact that the the food from to the the from from the through the and to the food. This of Heat-resistant The cooking from They however, finish). Generally with the the to heat and shatter. If whether the microwave, the that the or and that The characteristics of microwaves Microwaves of earthenware, plastic, or This why the microwaves these Dishes become only the food them The food the microwaves and heated. Microwaves through of and they deflected. this reason normally cookery. There where actually of the fact that the microwaves through If cover food with while defrosting or those from too too or overcooked. Please the the Heat which the microwave to heat and cook food. Follow the Heat microwave Follow the to which heating of or products the the food and the The of the food and greasy food with catch splashes.
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Microwave This, or heat-resistant covering or Please follow the Roasting Can microwave them the roasting might the roasting with and with Non heat-resistant food wraps recommended The right combined combined (Microwave and operation, heat-resistant pottery, It to only operation. Browning microwave from with base, which allows food to the browning the and the to exactly to the pre-heating the instructions. pre-heating the turntable and the or the safety-device which switch off the Generally should used, microwaves through and therefore reach the food. There however, of to cover of the food, that these thaw too or to cook and of readycooked used. They however, relation to the least to with food. It recommended that the food the microwave. using or other there of them and the of the cooking otherwise the arcing. NO UTENSIL SHOULD HAVE METAL overlay, or such as screws, or If whether the following the the with of or to the Switch the to If the or to the it this It
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH To as easy as to the microwave together hints and switch the when the food already the cooking Defrosting, re-heating and cooking than or to this the recommended cooking It to shorter rather than cooking the food the cooking It then to cooking than to food. Starting Defrosting, re-heating and cooking the of the food when and food than food that of food re-heating and cooking of C, of approximately C). defrosting food of C assumed. only microwave exactly to the instructions. or cook the shells. builds the and this the exploding. heat or the It to the of the and splash of the heat sealed such as or The the the to (The when the this which to the and of the food or Food cooked its than when used. this reason should and normally and the outer of food. and as of Microwave: foods Combined operation: With the of microwave and cook and the Therefore, the of these and The heat of the the of the food and the microwave The food its and the with which without operation other The cooking of tested as with Food thermometer: Each food the of the heating process. With food thermometer whether the food or cooked enough. You with If the meat clear and easily from the fishbones, If over-cooked, becomes tough and and tested If the and they
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH food thermometer to cooking The of food and ascertained with food thermometer. The specified the Food once cooked Heating (Coffee, Heating Heating Heating Poultry Addition of and other foods with high cooked their or with the of This that and Food or such as or such should or with or This the which to without the or shell. foods meat and layers of cook than of meat. cover the with of or the food with the o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C o C Blanching they should blanched. This the and their and the of with and cover. Heat immediately to further cooking and then allow to airtight and Preserving and the and There and of specially microwaves. The supply instructions Microwave directly the amount of food which would to heat or cook. This that cook than ones. of thumb: TWICE THE AMOUNT ALMOST TWICE THE TIME HALF THE AMOUNT HALF THE TIME shallow Both the capacity, the cooking the You should therefore choose as as with where there of overcooking, Round Food cooks round or than with corners, the the corners and the food these become overcooked.
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH the food the within and shortens the cooking microwave or cover. which to roasts or should covered. whatever would covered should covered microwave Whatever would uncovered microwave food the thicker, compacted of the food the (such as with the outward. the food necessary, the microwaves heating the outer areas. The thereby and the food heats of food of such as moulds, or their the the from each other that the reach the food from Turning items, such as and should turned once to the cooking process. items, such as roasts and turned, the microwave and turned. to the of the with microwaves. foods, which heated or cooked the microwave, amount of to which and the the food distributed.
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Heating Ready-prepared should from the and heated or Food should covered with microwave or cover from stores), that the covered. the from closed such as coffee, or the If from to to that the distributed. The food of C. The heating food should increased slightly. Defrosting Defrosting than the item of its and and microwaves defrosting and heating food, they withstand to C) as as heat-resistant to C). You therefore the to heat and cook the food, without to Covering thin with of Defrosted or should covered with defrosting. This the thin becoming too while thicker Correct It to choose which too rather than which too high. that the food If the microwave too high, the of the food already to cook while the heating allow the food to that the the food distributed The which to the or the which to Turning/stirring foods to turned or from to early as which together and rearrange them. amounts... and than ones. that which as as to whole and easily. such as and should only and then to completely the outer becoming too while the This defrosting food, as the defrosting this the defrosting the foods. Thick, foods than thinner foods or food of If the food defrosted sufficiently, defrosting the or lengthen the accordingly. At the of the should the food as as and
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH fresh try to that, as as they of This when to cook the whole the them, them and only then the the and them Season them as would normally, as about of of which high You information about this the food items, try to that, as as they of This that they cooked properly. meat, and thoroughly and them with Then as should and though the of cooking This other things, to the of food, the and as as the Defrosting cooking and cooked the microwave. You the however, of the "heating" and "defrosting" food. cooked with Those with high onions or cooked microwave without the cooking should or turned cooking allow the to that the The cooking and the and of the type of The fresher the the the cooking Turn of meat, or through the cooking that they cooked from cooking cover roasts with and allow them to this the cooking and the distributed, that when amount of Please to the instructions the when dishes. These usually cooking and offer
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Microwave To choose the follow the the section. Generally the following apply: cooking or reheating soup, food, of foods such as meat and plated such as and cakes. At this reduced the and food cook without cooking the To the the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise to cooking Press the COOKING MODE once only). To the the the reached. Press the START/QUICK NOTE: If the selected, foods which cooking when cooked conventionally, dishes, to this to the meat (Defrost to this to that the evenly. This and cooking or WATT
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Microwave cooking to The input of cooking (defrosting) from seconds to It the of the cooking as shown the to heat and seconds cooking rotating TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. Choose cooking COOKING MODE once (microwave only). NOTE: the the cooking process, the cooking the automatically. The cooking to count when the closed and the START/QUICK pressed. If to know the the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE the displayed. You the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER clockwise or counter-clockwise. If the counter-clockwise, the cooking from Choose rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER clockwise. Increasing seconds seconds Press START/QUICK once to the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cooking This microwave GRILL cooking only. with microwave). 1.GRILL ONLY COOKING This to Grill/Brown food. To cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER NOTES: The high or the recommended You or burning when using the the first this and that the of To this when first the the without food DUAL GRILL COOKING This of and Microwave to W). The microwave to W. To cook DUAL GRILL W). the cooking rotating the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER Choose the cooking the COOKING MODE only). Choose the cooking pressing the COOKING MODE three Press the START/QUICK once to the the TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER to the microwave Press the START/QUICK once to the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Other MULTIPLE SEQUENCE COOKING of of MICROWAVE GRILL or DUAL GRILL To cook: and seconds STAGE the cooking rotating TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER Choose the COOKING MODE once only). STAGE rotating TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER (The to cook and seconds W, and then only.) NOTE: If GRILL the and If the COOKING MODE GRILL the GRILL to the DUAL GRILL automatically. To cook Gratin W. W. the rotating TIMER/ WEIGHT/POWER Choose the the COOKING MODE only). Press the COOKING MODE Press START/QUICK once to the the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Other 2.QUICK START FUNCTION The START/QUICK allows to the following Direct You directly cooking seconds the START/QUICK NOTE: To the children the START/QUICK only within operation, closing the the STOP or cooking the cooking You the cooking cooking of seconds the START/QUICK while the operation. 3.TO CHECK THE POWER LEVEL To the microwave cooking the COOKING MODE as touching the COOKING MODE the displayed. The to count although the shows the 4.SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION TO SET THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. seconds The NOTE: input the STOP button. TO CANCEL THE SAFETY LOCK FUNCTION Press and the STOP seconds. The the of seconds
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook operation AUTOCOOK and AUTO DEFROST the and cooking You choose from AUTOCOOK AUTOCOOK GRILL and AUTO DEFROST What to know when using this function: AUTO COOK The AUTO COOK Press the AUTO COOK once, the appear as shown. AUTO COOK GRILL The AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL Press the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL once, the appear as shown. AUTO COOK GRILL The AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL four Press the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL once, the appear as shown. AUTO DEFROST The AUTO DEFROST four Press the AUTO DEFROST once, the appear as shown. The chosen the AUTO DEFROST or AUTO COOK the displayed. AUTO COOK AUTO DEFROST charts. The holding the AUTO COOK or AUTO DEFROST The or of the food input rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the weight/quantity displayed. the weight of the food only. include the of the food weighing or than the AUTOCOOK AUTO DEFROST charts, operation. follow the cooking charts To cooking START/QUICK action to food the and the sound, cooking and the To the START/QUICK The to the food If necessary, the cooking and the NOTE: If the ADD SECONDS function the cooking/defrosting, the food overcooked. TIMER/WEIGHT/ POWER START/QUICK
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook AUTO COOK GRILL To cook Gratinated using (A1-1). Select the the AUTO COOK PLUS GRILL once. AUTO DEFROST: To using Defrost Select the the AUTO DEFROST once. the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER the rotating the TIMER/WEIGHT/POWER Press the START/QUICK once. the Press the START/QUICK once. the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook charts BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO COOK AC-1 with AC-2 Mince and Onion BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO COOK GRILL A1-1 Gratinated A1-2 Gratin WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) Gratin with microwave Mince C) with WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) Gratin C) Gratin with of Mince and Onion of Gratinated of Gratin of
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook charts BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO COOK GRILL A2-1 French Thick type (recommended A2-2 A2-3 A2-4 WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) High C) High C) High C) the french from the and them the the high the the sound, from the and plate necessary). to NOTE: The To burning yourself, please the from the the the high and cook. the sounds turn and necessary). the and the the of the the the high with the thin the sound, the food and the and the the of the breast the sound, the the and plate
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook charts BUTTON PROCEDURE AUTO DEFROST NO. Defrost and Chops Defrost Minced Meat Defrost Defrost NOTE: Defrost and Chops should Minced meat should thin turning shield the defrosted with of topped and coated with to the the to to from the immediately and and Chops the food the as shown: Food WEIGHT (Increasing Unit) UTENSILS C) below) C) Cling below) C) C) this the food plate the of the the and the sound, turn the food rearrange and thin and with thoroughly defrosted. Cover the with the of minced meat the the and the sound, the food the defrosted defrosting, thoroughly defrosted. from the the of the the cake each and defrosted. the of the the sounds rearrange, and defrosting and the with and thoroughly defrosted. and Chops Plate Turntable
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook CHICKEN PAN WITH VEGETABLES (AC-1) fricassee (parboiled) onion (sliced) of breast (cubed) or meat MINCE AND ONION (AC-2) minced onion (finely chopped) white and meat (finely chopped) (finely chopped) chopped GRATINATED FISH FILLET (A1-1) (grated) and fresh chopped (chopped) Preparation the and and the greased the onions, and Season and the the top. the and cover with microwave and cook AUTO COOK (AC-1) with Preparation together the minced onion, and the breadcrumbs. Season with and the meat dough the meat with the the and to the Cover and cook AUTO COOK (AC-2) Mince and Onion. the and the sound, and re-cover. and with and Preparation and the and with and the the the and the and top of the Season with and the the and the the the the the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-1) Gratinated
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cook GRATINATED FISH FILLET (A1-1) onion (finely sliced) (grated) or and (grated) GRATIN (A1-2) (defrosted, onion (finely chopped) (sliced) cooked grated GRATIN (A1-2) (sliced) (finely sliced) of (crushed) grated sunflower GRILL SKEWERS of of onions worcester Preparation and the and the and with and the with the and season of the the top and cover with the the the top, the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-1) Gratinated approximately Preparation together the with the onion and season with and Grease the layers of and the The top should the with and and the the with the grated the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-2) Gratin. Preparation Grease the and layers of and the the with season with and and the the with the grated Finally the with sunflower the and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A1-2) Gratin. Preparation the of and the Thread and four Combine the with the and the the the high and cook AUTO COOK GRILL (A2-2)
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH charts KG Food Quantity Coffee, cover cover cover, to the cover, to the to the with cover, Meat dishes) through cooking Soup heating necessary, cover, through cooking with cover, through Meat, with cover plate food, heating the or cooking from Quantity cover, cooking Peas cover, cooking Onions whole, cook cover, cooking of cover, cooking Food Quantity through defrosting to each other, turn through defrosting through defrosting through defrosting to plate to each other, through defrosting The shown the which to and of the ABBREVIATIONS USED TABLE: HEATING FOOD DRINK TABLE: COOKING FRESH VEGETABLES TABLE: DEFROSTING
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH charts Food Quantity cover One Plate Meal cover, cover, through cooking Peas cover, through cooking cover, through cooking Food Quantity Roasts Season to the Season to the Season to breast the Season to the high the high season Browning of the The the type of used. Toast the and with top with of cooked of and of the and the high the TABLE: DEFROSTING AND COOKING TABLE: COOKING, GRILLING BROWNING
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH the this the of otherwise stated. ADAPTING RECIPES FOR THE MICROWAVE OVEN If would to the microwave, should of the following: Shorten third to half. Follow the of the this which high such as meat, poultry, and without Onion cooking with capacity) or onions meat of toasting grated with with capacity) round with whole or onion finely chopped finely ground fresh rosemary, white difficulty. which such as of food, should the to heating or The amount of to to foods, which to braised, should reduced to about thirds of the the If necessary, The amount of to reduced considerably. amount of or to food. this reason microwave low-fat foods as of the the the onion, the meat and the seasoning. and microwave. Toast the of them and them the bowls. the the and the the the the top and the the from the and the the the of the the onions, the and the Season with and rosemary, cover and cook. to cool. Heat of the and the other with its the with the the and cook with the once the with the the and cook the high Allow the to approximately once cooked.
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) or onion finely chopped white thickener to parsley, chopped of cooking Shallow with of or to grease the parsley, chopped white or with minced meat cooking with Shallow with to grease the onions chopped or crushed parsley, chopped You the the meat finger-thick Smear the around the the onion and the meat to the and cook. once the white the and the and to cook. once the and allow to Serve with garnish. the and bones. the and the finely. Grease the with the and with the with parsley, the of top and season. the of top of the and the white this. the with cover and cook. the to You rosefish, or this the Scoop the with to about thick. the with and the scooped-out flesh. the from of the and them first the Grease the of the with the the onions. and cook. the and from the and them third the garnish. the minced meat with the onions and the the crushed and the parsley. Season to the with of the the top, and then the of the the the greased the the and cook. Garnish the with the and of and Allow the to about
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) fresh grated cooked or or grease the You this with cooking with capacity) perch, or or onion finely chopped white to grease the grated chopped trout Shallow trout of or or to grease the the finely, with the and the and season to of the each of the cooked and the with toothpick. To this, the the cover and heat. the the to the and beat with whisk, smooth. to the thickened. and the the greased the the and cook the Allow the to the and with to and with Smear the the of the the onion, cover with the and the the onions and the white and Grease the and the the the and with the and cook. and then Allow to Serve with of chopped parsley. and the and with Apply to the and of the and to the the the and the Grease the the trout the and cook the thirds through the cooking the trout and the them. Allow the trout to accompanying and
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH with cooking Shallow with of garlic, freshly cooking capacity) bunch parsley, finely chopped or or to grease the and cooking with Gratin chopped onion finely chopped thyme, to grease the grated the Puree the with the of hand the them and beat them Distribute the and the the of the the and the puree. with and cover and cook the Turn the meat of each of meat, and cook the high cooking allow to about the and season internally with and the the about and then the with parsley, and and the with the the with Heat the the and the and the the greased and Turn through the to the and the and to the Break the and them to the and allow to the and allow to cool. the with the onions and season the and the the top. Beat the and the and the the grated top. the and cook. and then Allow the to about
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cooking with capacity) Shallow, with finely onion finely chopped of garlic, crushed minced meat grated chopped to grease the grated or with cooking with capacity) of grated cooking with capacity) or or onion finely chopped (from the with the onion garlic, minced meat and Season and cook with the the with the and spices. Grease the and cover the of the with about of the of the minced the and of the top another of the minced meat and finishing with the top. Finally, cover the with of and with top and cook with the the approximately the and the the cover and to the the to the and then Meanwhile the the Chop the the the and the the the and and Garnish the with and the and the the the of the and the chopped onion. and cook. the onion to the Beat the them and to If the or moulds, cover with microwave the of the turntable and cook. Allow the to about Turn the
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH with cooking with capacity) and washed and washed and white sheets from cornflour You once defrosted. Pears cooking with capacity) with capacity) pears cooking with capacity) white whole of the Puree the of the with the the and cook cover. and to and the the the to To the the the and the the and cornflour the and cover cooking and to finish. the plate and with the whole Serve with the the pears, them whole. and the and heat. the pears the cover and cook. the pears of the and allow to of the the the and and heat. the and the pears to You this with the the the that the thin and this the together with the and and heat. the and of the each top with the fiery and
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH Cheesecake cooking Round or or to grease the or fromage with raspberry cooking with capacity) chopped white with cooking capacity) grated the and with the the and and the the to Grease the of the dough and the the to the the whisk the light and the and Finally the fromage and the the the dough and the crumbling the cake and the and the cover and heat. the and and microwave. once the with the and the Beat the white and lightly the to bowls. the the and with and and heat. Puree the and or with the the the the and heat. occasionally. Whip the and this top of the Serve garnished with
AG-72D-UK ENGLISH cleaning CAUTION: DO NOT USE COMMERCIAL OVEN CLEANERS, STEAM CLEANERS, ABRASIVE, HARSH CLEANERS, ANY THAT CONTAIN SODIUM HYDROXIDE OR SCOURING PADS ON ANY PART OF YOUR MICROWAVE OVEN. CLEAN THE OVEN AT REGULAR INTERVALS AND REMOVE ANY FOOD DEPOSITS. to the clean to of the that the of the and possibly The of cleaned easily with and the off with cloth, and the with towel. the cleaning to the should when cleaning the cloth with only, the becomes clean. amounts of of or cleaner. What to the microwave properly that the the there If the to blow, please the microwave that the properly closed, the and their clean, the the turning that the turntable correctly connected to the the the food the of the turntable from there nothing the beneath the NOTE: If cook the food the with only the cooking the of the to overheating. (The reduced or the heating to light and off). seconds, Microwave W) cleaning, or with cloth or each while the and with cloth the cover. that or the the which to the type cleaners the Heat the to food or splashed or Turntable and the turntable and turntable from the the and turntable with cloth. Both the and the dishwasher To of both of the the and with cloth. These should washed and The dishwasher NOTE: should used. the microwave switch off the from the Service Force the light Service Force The light trained Service Force technicians. the food to heat through and cook than cooking nearly or the food than or from to or higher Reduced Microwave
AG-72D-UK English Service If to purchase or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service Force they the following information: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG- or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
AG-72D-UK English that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
AG-72D-UK English Specifications AC Distribution AC required: Microwave Microwave/Grill Microwave Microwave Capacity Turntable This Product the of the EN55011. conformity with this this classified as that the intentionally the of the heat treatment of food. Class that the to and holding food This with the of Directives 89/336/EEC and 73/23/EEC as 93/68/EEC. SPECIFICATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE AS PART OF CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT information of and microwave effective to them the used. or of suffocation. from and recycled. The from and the untreated. items as follows: PE PS (CFC-free) PP using and re-using the and reduced. should to recycling information. of should the and off and of the It should then to the recycling with Council or Health Office to there recycling the V, phase (IEC Class B) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) W/240
AG-72D-UK English INSTALLING THE APPLIANCE and of If the A) then the provided. the to the internal of the back the protective cover the and to the of the that covers the service The microwave or B: POSITION NICHE SIZE CHIMNEY NOTE: the of the or the the the slowly, and without force, the front of the the front of the the and that the and the top of the the with the screws provided. The fixing located the top and corners of the item It to that the of this conforms to the instructions this and the instructions. Service Chimney Chimney
AG-72D-UK English CONNECTING THE APPLIANCE TO THE POWER SUPPLY The outlet should readily that the easily emergency. The should the The the (A). connecting the supply to (A) should from the item and routed the the to phase V/50 correctly earth The fused with If the to operated country, the supply type and of the indicated the rating with the of supply. The rating plate found the of the The supply only of to the supply to to (A) when the the the high-sided DO NOT crush the supply cord. ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. IMPORTANT The wires the coloured with the following GREEN AND YELLOW EARTH BLUE NEUTRAL BROWN LIVE If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP (A) AMP BROWN
AG-72D-UK English From the Group. The Worlds choice. The the of the cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Telephone: TINS-A361URR1 Printed action Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly