Convection Microwave TINSEB493MRR1
Information Please and this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase location) NOTE with to You or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information Products, Inc. rights Table of Information Information You To and Convection Convection and Other Features.........................................28 Cleaning and Service Specifications Warranty Information
SAFETY should to reduce the of burns, shock, fire, to or to READ ALL instructions the READ AND the TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE This grounded. to properly grounded found or this only with the instructions. such as whole and sealed closed to and SHOULD NOT HEATED this its as this this DO NOT chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory with CLOSE when CHiLDREN or iNfiRM PERSONS DO NOT this or properly or or This including cord, serviced service Authorized Servicer examination, or DO NOT cover or or the DO NOT or this DO NOT this waterfor near or locations. DO NOT or from HEATED SAVE THESE DO NOT of or counter. the cleaning instructions DO NOT mount DO NOT directly top of the when the operation. To reduce the of fire the cavity: DO NOT overcook food. to when or other the to from or the closed, off and the or off the or DO NOT the cavity DO NOT products, or food the cavity when such as coffee or to overheated the without appearing to or when the from the Convection THIS COULD RESULT VERY HOT LIQUIDS OVER SPOOn OR OTHER IS THE LIQUID. To reduce the of to DO NOT overheat the the both and through heating DO NOT straight-sided with wide-mouthed heating, allow the to the Convection microwave least seconds the when or other the If the light Authorized Servicer.
what to know about instructions Warning and Instructions appearing this to and that Common and when or operating microwave. service or about or or which COULD or death. to the following DO NOT to this with the to It to or with the DO NOT the front and the or allow or to DO NOT the It that the properly and that there to the: and or and The should or repaired properly service TO EXPOSURE TO CAUTiON or which COULD
This grounded. This with with ground- It that properly and grounded with the and and ordinances. the of grounding reduces of shock the of the grounding of shock. The AC only, or protected supply. It recommended that only this provided. The with grounding It that properly and grounded. power-supply to reduce of becoming or cord. DO USE CORD. If the supply too or serviceperson outlet the NOTES: If about the grounding or instructions, or serviceperson. neither the to the or from to the procedures. interference (U.S.A. Only) This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to with to of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following: the of the or the microwave with to the receiver. the microwave from the receiver. the microwave outlet that the microwave and the branch The or interference caused unauthorized to this microwave It the of the user to such
Information You To About This and and reference. the Convection microwave without the and the turntable that the The both clockwise and counterclockwise. food the Convection microwave when to the microwave the Convection below hear the and off. It the of the to to the when cooking or reheating. About foods to that they cooked to the United States of food 160F fresh ground meat, bone- white poultry, seafood, and food. 165F ready-to-reheat ated, and and carry-out fresh food. 170F White meat of poultry. 180F meat of To meat thermometer thick or from or bone. the thermometer the food microwave ALWAYS potholders to burns when that with food. Enough heat from the food through to burns. of microwave cook- and the food influence the amount of that the Generally, covered foods as as ones. The Convection food ration only. It should to clothes or newspapers. Convection microwave rated using the IEC Procedure. or food or the and accordingly. burns directing from the and the farthest of covering and and cooking from the the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food. the cavity cookbooks or other items. Select, and food to its high and the of cover clean. Food arcing and/or fires. when items from the that the clothes or the shielding least inch from walls, and
About cooking food thickest towards of Watch cooking the shortest amount of indicated and as Food or foods while or cook- towels, or and foods to cook evenly. with of thin of meat or to overcooking thick cooked thoroughly. foods from to of once or Turn foods once microwaving to cooking of such foods as and items roasts turned least once. About food food Don't specially food food to and heat with heating Information You To cooking to of and that microwave while the to to or seconds or bottles heating and thoroughly. feeding. to release and burns. and heating to when cooking or to Rearrange foods such as meatballs through cooking both from top to and from the of the to the food from and which allows the food to cooking without overcooking. indicating that cooking reached. Food steams throughout, of to the Poultry thigh easily. meat and and easily with shells. Reheat whole or shells. or bowls. Heat bottles. Heat bottles with Heat food Heat or cook closed or tight Can the as bacteria gourds, or
Information You To About and coverings It to cookware. already Convection microwave The chart below what and coverings should each and Convection, Microwave of smoothly food to shield from cooking or defrosting too least inch from of Browning recommended preheating Follow heat-resistant non-heat-resistant cover. NO cover. cookware NO covering. with screws, or cooking foods that DO NO cover. NO NO NO NO NO NO shielding shielding NO NO cover. High Can with food. inch from and cover with NO
and Convection, Microwave reheating NO NO plates To cover reheating and which to 400F. microwave-safe heat Plastic, Thermoset to 425F. specially microwave DO allow to Pottery, stoneware Styrofoam reheating NO NO covering cooking and reheating. CHECK If to microwaving, the the and microwave HIGH seconds. If the becomes DO microwaving. There purchase. purchase that they microwave-safe thermometer and that foods cooked to when microwave-only to the when used. Information You To reheating and microwave- plastics cooking foods with high and Follow of with high or high foods. Could NO NO NO NO NO NO microwave NO NO NO NO High to 400F.
and The the securely closed. with see-through Turntable light It light when operating or cover: DO seconds Popcorn/Bacon turntable the turntable the securely. The clockwise or counterclockwise. cleaning. the the of the High Convection The following this or DO USE FOR OnLY of these specially ones. High rack)for and This the two-level such as cakes, (Broiling or high the and roasting or to allow to from food.
Words the of the light to what function which there and information. to the to the and
operating Convection and this and completely. the Convection microwave used, follow these the the The ENJOY YOUR OVEN TOUCH CLEAR AND TOUCH CLOCK STOP/CLEAR appear. the clock. below. To the clock to the of or Touch Touch clock. the of touching the Touch clock Procedure This hour clock. If to incorrect clock ERROR appear the Touch the STOP/CLEAR and the If the supply to Convection microwave should interrupted, the ENJOY YOUR OVEN TOUCH CLEAR AND TOUCH CLOCK the reinstated. If this the The of STOP/CLEAR and the clock the of NOTE Convection microwave with the START, popcorn, fresh and reheat. Stop/Clear Touch the STOP/CLEAR Stop the temporarily the of to the
cooking Convection seconds the seconds the they both to cook Touch cooking Touch START. To There increases the cooking which recommended foods such as and cooking of meats. Touch once then High High Procedure Common of Defrost to Touch defrosting Touch and Touch START. You to cooking Follow If the food that to the Defrost chart or or below the the Amount the Defrost chart to manually. You food, or ously cooked, Follow the found defrosting and when the or previously cooked food the of approximately pound. pound of the to or the that defrosted. If food the of the defrosting the defrosted. from the enough to from the to microwave-safe Procedure
The that the and humidity) from the food as The the cooking and foods and using the of the cooking and the of the off with cloth or towel. The with foods would selection with or or food than the the chart should cooked following the microwave cookbook. the first of cooking or reheating, food appear the the or STOP/CLEAR this of the The of interrupted. If this appear. To the STOP/CLEAR and cook manually. the the from the food, of cooking appear. when cooking appears the At this or season food, as popcorn, the properly when cooking other foods, ERROR displayed. food If to cook manually. Each food cooking hint. Touch when the HELP lighted the foods: foods cook when covered. the cover recommended the food charts. recommended microwave loosely; allow inch to to allow to should food. Cover completely; to If than least inch to cover. when removing covering to allow to from You cook or reheat foods touching fresh popcorn, and reheat You to cooking or to of popcorn. Touch the popcorn/bacon with to cook and efficiently. Touch once microwave directly the as the popcorn/bacon with the to cook popcorn. NOTES with or The to the food food heating. If to heat manually. Procedure
chart food Amount Procedure Soft (flowerets) (whole) Corn beans with or wrap. and covered, with towel from and wrapped to Reheat or slightly than amount to reheated. with or covers such as or with of foods such as stews. reheating, Re-cover and allow to to should If to heat with and and washed. with Touch fresh once. covered, to tbsp. with cover Touch fresh covered, to the microwave. to which to the popcorn/bacon with to cook and efficiently. Touch once Touch This with of microwave popcorn. You to and choose the and to
You cook foods touching the cook and the food You to cooking or to cook ground cook ground meat. Touch START chart food Amount Procedure meat this to cook ground or as or to to other microwave-safe and cover with ground meat and cover with or or meat to Re-cover and START covered, to and of with or cover and to or Fish/Seafood around shallow with with covered, this foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from and follow covering. covered to Breast Procedure Cover with with of that cooking too Re-cover and START. covered to should 160F. NOTES with or The to the food food heating. If to heat manually. the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food. of or or
to with The the and microwave foods shown the following charts. to heat of Touch touching the and START. chart food Amount Procedure This restoring cool to and heating to The Procedure this to reheat of 12-inch or of 16-inch If microwave-safe Touch of and START NOTES with or Touch the once or touching START or food cooking hint. Touch user when the HELP lighted the Should to or than the allowed amount, appear the or than the the chart should cooked following the cookbook. The cooking to the food food If to cook manually.
chart food Amount Procedure microwave each with or Touch and the the of and START from and Follow of and/or and the Touch START French from outer Follow to or cover. when from the as Touch and the Touch START French from Follow to or cover. when from the as Touch and the Touch START plate allowing each, cover food with towel. Touch and the weight and START. rearrange, and START covered, to this foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from outer wrapping and follow covering. and the Touch START covered to
Reheat Reheat Breads The reheat the and heating and microwave shown the chart below. to heat fresh or Touch reheat Touch fresh or Touch to Touch START chart food Amount Procedure Fresh this to reheat or with option. without the of cooked and with or Touch reheat and the of and START covered, to Procedure this to items should as or with towel. or to the amount to the of muffin. Touch to and START this to items should as or cover with towel. to and START NOTES To reheat foods or foods or below the allowed, operation. Reheat with or
Convection This section of the operation offers tions foods and selecting the follow the tions indicated the helpful hints, HELP anytime HELP lighted the and to Touch Select Touch to Follow information cooking information. or to or Touch START Chart Setting/food Amount Procedure each this to from to thick. evenly. once; this to which to thick. Procedure meat should 180F, and white meat should 170F. The cavity, and become To thick when the food or from the Touch preheat the and displayed. Follow the indicated the and the Touch START NOTES with If to or than the allowed amount as indicated chart below, appear the this to Procedure
roasts breast or to pound Touch Select to Touch START tone sound. Follow the indicated Chart Setting/food Amount Procedure the with and breast Convection Procedure NOTES with If to or than the allowed weight as indicated chart below, appear the Season, as the cover with and of white meat should 170F and of meat, 180F. Season, as the cover with and of white meat should 170F. recommended cooks evenly. from cover with and allow to should 160F.
Convection cakes, and to Touch Touch Touch START Chart Setting/food Amount Procedure cake cake cake or to or and greased and Cool frosting and or High or French or than Procedure NOTES with dough. to or and greased and floured 12-inch should 1/3-inch thick and 2-inches the preheat Cool High or to or and the preheat High French preheat the French fries shoestring to touching Convection and
Convection and This section cooking instructions and The should without the and should restricted that You the when preheating the and when food to cooked directly the The cavity, turntable and become To thick when the food or from the CONvECTiON heating, throughout the cavity to and foods and evenly. This cooking to seconds. To with to cook 350F Touch Touch touching Select cooking touching the Touch START. NOTES If to know the the as touching the the displayed. Procedure To Preheat and with Convection to preheating and cooking operations. You preheat to the as the or to higher or to preheat to 350F, and then cook 375F Touch Touch preheat touching Select touching Select cooking touching the Touch START. the reaches the sound The and displayed. Follow the indicated the food the the Touch START. If the the the preheat this sound, and the off. Procedure
Convection and Convection and NOTES To preheat, touch the START Preheating the reaches the follow the indicated To preheat and cook with the and Preheating when the used. cooking the when preheated to 450F. chops, and other foods. to Touch Touch cooking touching the Touch START the reaches the sound the food the the Touch START. If the the the preheat this sound, and the off. Procedure The cavity, turntable and become To thick when the food or from the NOTES Preheating from to of and Although the food the recommended the chart of cookbook. This the to completely the cooking the and START to Should within of the to preheating. cook 300F hours. The to below 300F. The cooking This foods such as or marinated to from 300F to 275F. Touch Touch cook Touch cook once to the from 300F. Touch Touch START Procedure
Convection and NOTES If the and This that easy to cook with both heat and automatically. High 300F 325F With the of those foods that cook heating foods to cooking or High The of these cooking meats, and and textured breads, with the right amount of and The however, the microwave The from 100F to 450F. To the first High or then the the SELECT High High The to 375F automatically. To with to cake Touch Touch touching the Microwave Procedure START. Touch To Preheat and with to preheat- and cooking operations. You preheat the as the or to to preheat to 350F and then cook 325F preheat Touch Touch Touch Touch once to the cooking Touch cooking touching the Touch START the reaches the sound The and displayed. Follow the indicated the food the the Touch START If the the cally the preheat this sound and the off. Procedure
Convection and NOTES To only preheat, the START Preheating the reaches the follow the indicated Convection and Convection microwave cook food perfectly of the of cook: only, or This to the The without the turntable the of the CONvECTiON preheating, the or the high shelf preheated to the preheat. high turntable with foods. preheat and high and foods to cover or high with It with flow that cooks food. Round cooking convection-only items. Choose that preheated appearance to when roasted directly the below the meat to from the of meat roasted and cooking If completely to NOTES arcing when they with the or accessory racks. Arcing of electricity that when microwaves with If arcing heat or the and the turntable or If arcing with other their
the heating and microwave and foods shown the chart. to of Touch Touch Select food touching Touch Touch to Touch START chart food Amount Procedure Ice Procedure DO COVER. touching touching touching touching with touching touching touching of chips. touching NOTES To or other food or foods the the Chart, operation. with or
Other Defrost the foods found the Defrost chart below. to Touch and touching the and START The the food the the Turn and shield the START the the the START covered. Defrost chart food Amount Procedure each covered, to Steaks/Chops/ each rearrange or should they become or covered, to defrosting with each and shield the with covered, to At and covered, to Soup At and covered, to Procedure each rearrange and there or shield with of meat or that defrosted. covered, to NOTES To other food or foods or below the allowed the Defrost chart, and Defrost with or Touch the once or touching START when the HELP Touch lighted the helpful hint. If to or than the amount as indicated the chart below, appear the foods when sections to crystals cooking from occurring the of the food defrosted. smooth of to cover and thinner sections of the
user that using easy instructions the interactive CHiLD LOCK The Child operation such as The that the deactivated or locked. To the and then the START Should touched, LOCK ON appear the To and START If to the with the and STOP/CLEAR To and the the and START. AUTO START If to to cooking of follow this to cooking to the clock showing the of Touch Touch user Touch the Touch clock cooking Procedure Touch Touch Touch START NOTES cooking clock If the to touch the START to appear the that the cooking the chosen to choose that the the Acorn or choice. LANGUAGE The English and U.S. Customary Unit-pounds. To and the to the choice selected from the below. Then, START of Once English LB English KG Spanish LB Spanish KG LB French KG Procedure
cooking to cooking switching from to another automatically. cooking to and then to this automatically. to cook and then to cook and Touch Touch and cooking touching the Touch touching Select cooking touching the Touch cooking Touch START Procedure NOTE touched once, high If displayed. If to know as touching the displayed. More or Should that of the Reheat or Defrost slightly the once touching choice of or touching START The MORE Should that of the or Defrost slightly the touching choice of or touching START The LESS short-cut to to heat of Press Touch The immediately and then off when finished. Seconds seconds to cooking seconds while the counting It seconds to the shown each the touched. This as seconds of to START the immediately. Procedure
on-off to Touch on-off Touch on-off The count To the the STOP/CLEAR once. NOTE on-off operates as and when the Procedure Demonstration To clock the and then the START and three DEMO ON appear the operations and features demonstrated with the seconds and the and count to END To clock the and STOP/ CLEAR If the from the outlet and Each cooking hint. If to whenever HELP lighted the Interactive these and other hints.
Cleaning and Clean the with and and with cloth. type of household or cleaner. the both with cloth to or to wiped with cloth. the of and other cleaners as they or the should cleaning the If the becomes the cleaning. the with cloth slightly with only. with cloth. or of cleaners. and STOP/CLEAR Cleaning easy heat to the therefore, there and of or To clean the with cloth and DO USE ABRASIVE OR HARSH OR PADS. or thoroughly with Convection, or of and grease. immediately with and to thoroughly cleaned or there time/high If to purchase with within or the cleaning or the to inactivate the cleaning. Follow and to of the the perforations the or or thoroughly and cleaning the thoroughly, grease from the and heater operating the 450F without food. the necessary. The cover from the cover to performance. with cloth food from the of the cover immediately they splashes overheat and or possibly catch fire. the cover. Occasionally, cooking the To grated and of and whole Allow to cool. with cloth. Turntable/Turntable Support/Racks The turntable and easy cleaning. them cleanser and scouring They dishwasher-proof. top of dishwasher with high acidity, such as or the to cook highly foods directly the turn- immediately. The turntable sealed, or should allowed to this
Please the following service: of the and the securely. the HIGH the light YES the cooling YES hand the C the YES (It the to the the YES from the and the COnVECTIOn 450F. and COOK light? YES the off, of the YES NO the to of the please and/or they functioning properly, CONTACT NEAREST ELECTROLUX SERviCER. Convection Microwave should serviced do-it-yourself Service NOTE If appearing the counting Demonstration and
Specifications UL phase 120V, AC UL AC Required: microwave (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) Capacity: The International Commissions This and height. holding food with by: FCC Authorized. DHHS with of Health and Services (DHHS) CFR, E30M075HSS E30M075HPS CSA phase 117V, CSA Convection Chapter I, J. This the the Inc. USA or
covered year warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, which to or workmanship when used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first year from of purchase. and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of CUSTOmERS SOLE EXCLUSIVE THIS SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEmEnT AS PROVIDED CLAiMS BASED ON OR fiTNESS PURPOSE, ARE TO ONE OR THE SHORTEST BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE ELECTROLUX SHALL BE LIABLE FOR COnSEQUEnTIAL OR InCIDEnTAL SUCH AS PROPERTY InCIDEnTAL BREACH OF THIS OR STATES DO ALLOW THE OR OF OR COnSEQUEnTIAL OR On THE OF SO THESE OR APPLY TO YOU. THIS GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY STATE TO STATE. Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances north of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or specifications as or illustrated to without USA Appliances north America P.O. GA Appliance warranty information Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4
NOTE