INSTRUCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction the GB BUILT-IN OVEN ZBQ
Information This to the British This when both and the the to the Child This to operated allow to near or with the The when Children should cooled. This or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the You MUST hese or the If Customer that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the and Cleaning clean this with the instructions. The should clean build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or
the the Information of the the First the and the the chart-Conventional and Defrosting Cleaning the of Catalytic the Light Something Guarantee/Customer Service Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to children The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the this instruction reference and to owner. Technical Building to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions: Instructions instructions and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: VoltageDirective); Directives); Directive) and modifications.
of the Grill/roasting Function Thermostat Light Thermostat Light shelf
with These completely the when the Function The off. light The light without cooking function. cooking The heat from both the top and heating the Top heating The heat from the top section). heating The heat from the of the only. only Can The Thermal This function offers ternative of food items, normally associated with The and the around the food. using the thermal cooking function, of 200C. cooking This allows to or and using shelf, without Defrost This to thawing of food. Light The light when the function Thermostat (C) Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and MAX (230C). Thermostat Light The thermostat light when the thermostat turned. The light the reached. It then and off to the
The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself. The cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This the both and the using the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This the ventilated. The only the of the instructions). the of with the chapter Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to This should repeated with the function and cooking function approximately
The only the of the operated without the of the of or operation) the restored, the the flash, and the clock/timer to the of the supply switched or the of the To the of Press or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of Press repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then as The of only function (cook or of cooking Duration function This function allows the to switch off the of cooking food the cooking repeatedly to function and the cooking Press the Duration function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the Press or the seconds: the Duration" and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the selecting function Decreasing Increasing Duration of of
of function With this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking repeatedly to function and the cooking Press the of function. The Then, as follows: To the of cooking Press or the seconds: the of and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the of cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and of cooking combined The functions and of cooking to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the of cooking function the of cooking as the chapter) the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the function The sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, To the Press repeatedly to the function. The Then, or hours, the seconds: the At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Press repeatedly to the function. The and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press buttons and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the The switched off other functions
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow it to the the The four shelf and with shelves. The shelf counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the and and The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of it to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the it and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then to each of the cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
the this heat from both the top and This allows to cook and which such as and Gratins, and which top cook the This of cooking the opportunity to cook without the operation. to the Turn the function to the cooking function Turn the thermostat to the THINGS TO NOTE The light when the function The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to that Top This function finishing cooked dishes, shepherds This function useful when or cooking It to off or to the cooked through. The Cooling The cooling It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the only and The allows the heat To increase the To increase top browning, the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning, while or polished the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and preheating the function to preheat the the then the to the cooking If than cooking the function.
the The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating shelf This that batches of the food cooked the the the top slightly than the This There of dishes. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The continually The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the and Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the food, of cakes or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack.
Chart- and the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH CAKES Whipped and cake Shortbread and cake Apple cake and cake and cake and Christmas cake cake cake and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and This chart as only. It to increase or the to to the If to cook than the that the cooking of the to of dishes. If to cook than the to them the Shelf counted from of the Traditional C C NOTES
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the shelf as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. to the The heat to the of the using the to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The chart as and should to the thickness of the meat and its roasting, the cooked thoroughly, meat thermometer to the reached the Quantity C and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. OI
to the Thermal Thermal offers of cooking food items normally associated with The and the alternately, around the food. The to and the food reduced. Thermal to cooking the With the of and thermally the foods would normally cook therefore food to cook with thermal with One of the that cooked the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the Select of 200C the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions and foods the as and lightly with or to them chart Thermal the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about the thermal cooking function, of 200C. TYPE OF DISH C Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of please that the of the influence the of This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. to Defrosting Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF and food with or to ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and turned through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. DO NOT to and Shelf Supports Clean the shelf proceeding to the cleaning of the To the shelves and the and with and with cloth. Shelf Supports and Catalytic The and the easy cleaning. that the completely cooled carrying this operation. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the and the with the other the and the and them with while the off the and the once the cleaning the and the together and mount them following the Please, the when the and the
of splashes of food, them. To clean the cavity, as follows: the anything the Select the Function touching the the appears the the to 250C using Allow the to This should repeated with the function If the cavity cold, the to and cleaning of the recommended. cleaners and other used. and polishing of the This the Follow the to reduce to reduce the recommended Higher roasting increase to increased of and often the or when roasting brushing with the roasting increase splashing and It NOT to to the meat when roasting. The and the from the as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow browning, required. and this of allowing the to cook through the overbrowned. the roasting roasting, the from the contained beneath the and therefore from the 'Catalytic'
the Light the If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. Cleaning the This with to to the of the easily. proceeding the cool and from the electricity supply. the screws which the carrying this the first screwdriver. Then gently the to allow to the Clean the with and the Gently the and screw the holding the holding to the when
Something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The SOLUTION that the of the chapter the of that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and it the Light") The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height of the cavity capacity The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the comply to the below. type insulated PVC/PVC and earth only type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the British Heating rating Top Thermal Convection Light Cooling Convection It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth The and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the tions. The serviced, repaired, or with author- ised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
ZBQ MDM Forl