Built-In Convection Microwave TINSEB471MRR0
Information Brand Purchase NOTE the this the location of toll-free telephone the U.S. and and information: www.electrolux.com to this with the the front and the or allow or the It that the The should or repaired properly service Products, Inc. Office USA right Printed the USA PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY to microwave It to or with the interlocks. to properly and that there to the: and or and
oF coNteNts INForMatIoN to ABOUT ABOUT mICrOwAvE ABOUT ABOUT FOOD ABOUT ABOUT SPEED COnvECTIOn ABOUT COnTrOl TO SET THE ClOCk STOP/ClEAr MIcrowave CHArT cookINg CHArT CHArT Information AUTO AUTO CHArT AUTO AUTO CHArT AUTO AUTO CHArT MIX cookINg COnvECTIOn TO COnvECTIOn TO TO COnvECTIOn other (COnTrOl PAD) ADjUSTmEnT TOUCH On ADD DEmOnSTrATIOn servIce warraNty INForMatIoN
Instructions when using should followed, including the following: WARNING To reduce the of burns, shock, fire, to or to microwave the and follow the to to MIcrowave This grounded. to properly grounded INstructIoNs or this only with the instructions. products such as whole and sealed containersfor closed to and should heated this this only its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory with when this or properly or or This should serviced service Authorized Servicer examination, or cover or the or this this waterfor or locations. or from heated of or counter. cleaning instructions SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS To reduce the of fire the cavity: overcook food. to when or other bustible the to from or If the closed, off and the or off the or the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when such as coffee or to overheated the without appearing to or when the from the Convection microwave thIs IN wheN or other the To reduce the of to overheat the the both and through heating straight-sided with wide-mouthed heating, allow the to the Convection microwave least seconds the when or other the If the light If the Convection microwave as built-in, the following instructions: mount directly top of the when the operation.
Instruction from the cavity. the cover which located the right cavity and this and the there from the of the the such as or and or and and the cavity or the If there the and or frequently, its location ease of The which of inches from the Allow least inches the top and the of the built or or or
Instructions This grounded. This with with ground- It that properly and grounded with the and and ordinances. the of grounding reduces of shock the of the grounding of shock. reQuIreMeNts The AC only, or protected supply. It recommended that only this The Convection microwave with grounding It that properly and grounded. Should purchased and temporarily allow. Follow power-supply to reduce of becoming or If to cord, only that grounding and that the the Convection The rating of the should AC or to the the or where pulled or tripped Notes: If about the grounding or instructions, or service neither the to the or from to the procedures. or Should there interference caused the Convection microwave to or that the Convection microwave the or as from the as feasible or and of
This and and reference. the without the turntable and the that the The turntable turn both clockwise and counterclockwise. food the Convection when to the microwave when using the below hear the and off. of microwave cook- and the food influence the amount of that the Generally, covered foods as as uncovered ones. the back MIcrowave cookINg food thickest towards of cooking the shortest amount of indicated and as Food severely or foods while or cookbook towels, microwave or and foods to cook evenly. with of thin of meat or to thick cooked thoroughly. foods from to of once or Turn foods once microwaving to cooking of such as and items roasts least once. Information to know using or hear the sound of the cooling The to as as the that, microwave-only to become and The food only. It should to clothes or newspapers. rated the IEC Procedure. or food the and accordingly. rearrange foods such as meatballs through cooking both from top to and from the of the to the food from and which allows the food to without overcooking. indicat- that reached. Food steams throughout, of to the Poultry thigh easily. meat and and easily with
Information to know Children below the age of should the Convection microwave with to them. the of and the should the The to reach the comfort- ably; should At should allowed to or the Food Food specially food to and food with cooking to of and that while the to to or seconds or heat bottles heating and thoroughly. wrist feeding. heating to release and burns. and heating to when cooking or to Children should potholders, coverings to that food because they Dont that because child cooking cook everything. Children to learn that the Convection toy. shells. reheat whole or shells. or bowls. Heat bottles. Heat bottles with Heat food Heat or cook closed or tight Can the microwave as bacteria gourds, or
coverINgs It to cookware. already The chart below what and coverings should each MIcrowave coverINgs BroIL, cook of smoothly food to shield from cooking or defrosting too quickly. least inch from of cover. Can with food. inch from and with Browning preheating Follow heat-resistant non-heat-resistant cover. cover. cookware covering. with screws, cooking or that DO plates reheating To cover reheating and which to 400F. Information to shielding shielding cover. to 400F.
Information to know MIcrowave coverINgs BroIL, microwave-safe reheating and defrosting. microwave-safe plastics cooking foods with high and Plastic, Thermoset heat resis- to 425F. specially microwave DO allow to food. Pottery, stoneware microwave Styrofoam reheating covering cooking and reheating. of with high or high foods. Could If to microwaving, the the and HIGH seconds. If the becomes microwaving. There microwave purchase. purchase that they microwave-safe thermometer and that foods cooked to when using microwave-only to the when used. Follow MIX/ cook microwave
cookINg cookINg The cavity, and become To thick when the food or from the when preheating, the or when the high shelf preheated to the preheat. high turntable with foods. when preheat and high and foods to foods to that they cooked to Information to cover or high with It with flow that cooks food. round cooking items. Choose that preheated appearance to and
with see-through light It light when the or when operation. Turntable turntable The clockwise or counter- clockwise. The the securely closed. The following this or DO USE mICrOwAvE of these specially ones. high rack)for and This the turntable two-level such as cakes, rack)for or high the and roasting or to allow to from food. cover: DO Auto-Touch lighted Convection high Turntable Top
operating operating and this completely. the used, follow these procedures: the the The Press cLear Press Touch the stoP/cLear appear. clock. below. to the to the of Touch C C the of touching the Touch C C This hour clock. If to incorrect clock appear the Touch the stoP/cLear and the clock. If the supply to should interrupted, the tently the reinstated. If this the The of stoP/cLear and the clock the of Procedure stoP/cLear Touch the stoP/cLear to: Stop the temporarily the of to the
tIMe cookINg Convection and seconds the seconds the they both to cook cooking Touch touch to There increases the cooking which recommended foods such as and cooking of cookbook or oNce theN PerceNtage oF High High low/Defrost Procedure START TOUCH ON operation to defrosting Touch and Touch oN to cooking Follow that first when If the food that to the Defrost Chart or or below the the Amount the Defrost Chart to manually. food, or cooked, Follow the found defrosting and when the or previously cooked food the of approximately pound. pound of the to or the that defrosted. If food defrosted the of the the defrosted. when from the enough to from the to microwave-safe Procedure START TOUCH ON
Microwave foods shown the Defrost Chart. to Touch once. Select food touching the shows the food touching the and START start/touch oN The and displayed. Follow the indicated the the Turn and shield the Touch start/touch oN chart Food aMouNt Procedure meat each covered, to (Chops) each of there or rearrange or covered, foods when sections to thawing. crystals cooking from occurring the of the food defrosted. smooth of to and thinner sections of the food. Procedure each of rearrange and there or shield with of meat or that nearly defrosted. covered, to the the the Touch start/touch oN cover and as indicated chart below If to or than the allowed amount as indicated chart, appear the with or To other or foods or below the allowed Defrost Chart Defrost TOUCH ON START TOUCH ON START TOUCH ON
cookINg The that the and humidity) from food as heats. The the cooking and foods and the of the cooking and the of the off with cloth or towel. reheat and only within and closing the or touching the stoP/cLear the first of the food appear the the or stoP/cLear this of the cooking The of interrupted. If this appear. To cook- the stoP/cLear and cooking and when the the from the food, of cooking appear. when cooking appears the At this or season food, as food If to cook with and If food completely cooked, cooking manually. or food If the properly when popcorn, the turn off, and the of displayed. If the properly when reheat, displayed, and the off. with or food cooking hint. Touch when the lighted the Microwave The with foods food plate reheat and than ounces should reheated and coverINg foods when covered. the cover recommended the chart these foods. wrap: recommended microwave loosely; allow approximately inch to uncovered to allow to should food. Cover completely; to If than least inch to cover. when covering to allow to from reheat reheat foods touching to reheating or to heat reheat AT when the from the food, of reheating appear. Procedure
cooking to of popcorn. nordicware two-sided bacon/meat from heavy thermoset when microwave popcorn. Touch once. C chart Food aMouNt Procedure reheat such as Soups reheating, should If to heat with and recover and allow to to and nordicware two-sided bacon/meat only to which to to or Procedure or slightly than amount to reheat- with or covers such as or with of foods such as stews. touching of This with of microwave popcorn. to and choose the and to Touch once. This with of microwave popcorn. Touch within seconds
cooking cook to cook Touch cook C Select to cook cook chart Food aMouNt Procedure with from and wrapped to with or and covered, (flowerets) (whole) Corn beans winter foods. It satisfactory to and choose from outer and follow covering. covered, to and or with towel. should the of Cover with towel. another of top of seafood around with with covered, Procedure START Touch start/touch oN when the from the food, the of cooking appear. and washed. with covered, tbsp. with cover covered, TOUCH ON
This section of the offers instructions foods and selecting the follow the indicated the helpful hints, anytime lighted the The cavity, turn- turntable and become To thick when the food or from the BroIL and to Touch Select BroIL chart aMouNt Procedure this to each this to from to thick. once; this to which to thick. Procedure meat should 180F, and white should 170F. Touch to Follow information cooking infor- mation. or to or START Touch start/touch oN preheat the and displayed. Follow the indicated the and the START start/touch oN with If to or than the allowed amount as indicated chart below, appear the TOUCH ON TOUCH ON
roasts breast or to pound Touch Select Touch to START Touch start/touch oN tone sound. Follow the indicated chart aMouNt Procedure the cover with and Season, as the cover with and of white meat should 170F and of 180F. breast Season, as the cover with and of white meat should 170F. recommended cooks evenly. from cover with and allow to should 160F. Procedure TOUCH ON with If to or than the as indicated chart below, appear the
and French to Touch Select START start/touch oN chart aMouNt Procedure cake cake cake or to or tions and greased and Cool frosting and or High or or than Procedure with TOUCH ON dough. to or and greased and floured should inch thick and inches the preheat Cool High or to or and the preheat High French preheat the French French shoestring to touching
This section cooking instructions and The should without the turntable and should restricted that the when preheating the and when food to cooked directly the The cavity, turn- and become To thick when the food or turntable from the cookINg heating, throughout the cavity to and foods and evenly. This cooking to seconds. to cook wIth to cook 350F C Select touching cooking touching the START Touch start/touch oN If to know the the as touching the Convection the displayed. to Preheat cook wIth to preheating and cooking operations. preheat to the as the and cooking Procedure TOUCH ON or to higher or to preheat to 350F, and then cook 375F Touch Preheat Select touching Touch Select touching cooking touching the START start/touch oN when the reaches the sound The and displayed. Follow the indicated the food the the Touch start/touch oN If the the the preheat this sound, and the turn off. To preheat, the oN Preheating when the reaches the follow the indicated To preheat and cook with the and Procedure C TOUCH ON START TOUCH ON
and cooking BroIL Preheating when the used. cooking the when preheated to 450F. chops, and other foods. Convection Chart to Touch BroIL cooking touching the Touch start/touch oN food when the reaches the sound the food the the Touch start/touch oN If the the the preheat this sound, and the off. Preheating from to of and Although usually the food the recommended the chart of This the to completely the cooking the and start/touch oN to Should within of the to preheating. Procedure The cavity, turn- turntable and become To thick when the food or from the cook 300F hours. The to below 300F. The cooking This foods such as beans or marinated to from 300F to 275F. Touch cook C Touch cook once START to the from 300F Touch START TOUCH ON START start/touch oN If the and Procedure C TOUCH ON
MIX cookINg This that easy to cook with both heat and microwave automatically. High 300F 350F with the of those foods that cook heating foods to cooking or High The of these cooking and and textured breads, with the right amount of browning and The however, the The from 100F to 450F. To the first High or then the when the High High The to 375F automatically. to cook wIth MIX to Touch MIX touching the START Touch start/touch oN and cooking microwave Procedure TOUCH ON to Preheat cook wIth MIX to heating and cooking operations. preheat the as the or to to preheat to 350F and then cook 325F Touch Preheat Touch Touch MIX Touch MIX once to the Touch cooking touching the START start/touch oN when the reaches the sound The and displayed. Follow the indicated the food the the Touch start/touch oN If the the the preheat this sound and the turn off. To preheat, the start/touch oN Preheating when the reaches the follow the indicated Procedure TOUCH ON START TOUCH ON
which Convection microwave easy instructions the interactive The crowave operation such as The Convection microwave that the deactivated or locked. To the and start/touch oN Should touched, appear the To and stoP/cLea eLIMINatIoN If to the Convection microwave with the and stoP/cLear To and the the and start/touch oN If to Convection microwave to cooking of follow this to cooking to the clock showing the of Touch Touch the C C To cooking and then and cooking other Procedure oN The chosen appear the clock If the Convection microwave it to the start/touch oN to appear the that the Convection microwave cooking the chosen to choose foods that the Convection microwave the Acorn or often choice. If to the of the as touching the the of displayed. The Convection To change, and the to touch the choice selected. Then, start/touch oN Touch once English. Touch Spanish. Touch three weIght The Convection U.S. Customary Unit-pounds. To and the to the choice selected. Then, start/touch oN Touch once F. Touch C. START TOUCH ON
other More or tIMe Should that of the Defrost, or slightly the once touching choice of Should that of the Defrost, or slightly the touching choice of oN oN allows to cook touching the start/touch oN oN to below The cooking to of toast. Continuously the oN The counting when the to from start/touch oN Convection microwave immediately. foods and that the To oN within and closing the or touching the stoP/cLear oN If and or stoP/cLear Procedure cookINg The to cooking the microwave and cooking with preheat switching from to another automatically. cooking to and then to this automatically. to cook and then to cook First once Then cooking Touch Touch Then cooking START TOUCH ON oN If touched once, displayed. If to as touching the displayed. Procedure START TOUCH ON
Each of Defrost, and cook- hint. If to whenever lighted the Interactive these hints. ADD allows to cook touching the cooking of repeatedly touching the to heat of Touch To within closing the touching the stoP/cLear or with Defrost, or other Procedure to Touch the Touch oN To the and then and seconds. oN appear the operations and with the Convection microwave and the and count to To then the and stoP/cLear If the Convection microwave from the outlet and Procedure START TOUCH ON
cleaning and The painted. Clean the with and and with cloth. type of household or cleaner. the both with cloth to or to with cloth. the of and other cleaners as they or the cover The cover from the cover clean to performance. with cloth food from the of the cover immediately they splashes overheat and or possibly catch fire. the cover. touch should cleaning the If the becomes the Convection cleaning. the with cloth slightly with only. with cloth. or of cleaners. and stoP/cLear INterIor cooking Cleaning easy heat to the therefore, there and of or To the with cloth and DO USE PADS. or thoroughly with OnTO OF THE COnvECTIOn mICrOwAvE the cleaning or the to inactivate the cleaning. INterIor or of and grease. immediately with and to thor- oughly cleaned or there time/high If to purchase with within padfor or Follow and to of the the perforations the or or thoroughly and cleaning the thoroughly, grease from the and heater operating the 450F without food. the necessary. Occasionally, cooking the Convection microwave To grated and of and whole Allow to Convection microwave cool. with cloth. The and easy cleaning. them cleanser and scouring They dishwasher-proof. top of dishwasher with high such as or the turn- to cook highly foods directly the immediately. The turntable sealed, or should to this
Please the following service: of the and the securely. the HIGH the light the cooling the the (It the turntable to turn the the from the and the COnvECTIOn 450F. and cook light? the off, of the If the to of the please and/or If they functioning properly, COnTACT Convection should serviced do-it-yourself If the appearing the counting Demonstration and service
AC phase AC only AC microwave Convection microwave* Convection Heater (H) (D) (H) (D) Capacity** Uniformity Turntable (H) (D) The International This and height. holding food with by: FCC Authorized. DHHS Complies with of Health and Services (DHHS) CFr, I, This the the Inc.
MIcrowave warraNty Microwave protected this warranty oNe year warraNty uNLIMIted warraNty to the of the warranted Products north America, of white Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of this warranty. service and this warranty or authorized Products north America servicer. warranted *NorMaL resPoNsIBILItIes oF the this warranty cover the following: COnSEQUEnTIAl SUCH AS rESUlTInG OF THIS wArrAnTy. of or other record. The the IF servIce establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained Products: Products north America P.O. GA warraNty through authorIzed servIcers, the One year from purchase or of this which to of workmanship. o of the of the and the below apply. this warranty only to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded supply of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products north America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily Products north America 1T6 warranty Information This warranty only the of the U.S.A., and Product features or tions as or to without Products north America, of white Industries, Inc. warranted Costs of service that OF THE Costs of the technicians to the and and of the because of service.
toll-free telephone the U.S. and and information: www.electrolux.com Products, Inc. Office USA right Printed the USA