Microwave TINSEB491MRR0
Information of Information of Please and this reference Instructions What to know about instructions Words, Precautions to to Microwave Grounding Instructions FCC Interference Information You To About About About cooking About food.................................................................7 About and coverings Accessories Interactive and To the clock........................................................11 Stop/Clear cooking To Chart and Chart chart Reheat Reheat Breads and Chart Chart Other Features...................................20 Defrost and Chart cooking More or Seconds on-off Demonstration Cleaning and Service Specifications Warranty Information Products, Inc. rights Please and this choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase location) NOTE with to You www.electroluxapplicances. or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxapplicances.com
should followed to reduce the of burns, shock, fire, to or to microwave READ ALL instructions using the ance. READ foLLow the PRECAU- TIONS TO AVOID POSSIBLE EXPOSURE TO EXCESSIVE MICROWAVE ENERGY This grounded. to properly grounded GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS or this with the instructions. products such as whole and sealed closed to and HEATED this this its as this chemicals or this This type of specifically to heat, cook or food. It or laboratory with when or this or properly or or This including cord, serviced service Authorized Servicer examination, or cover or or the or this this waterfor or locations. or Instructions SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS from HEATED of or counter. the cleaning instructions To reduce the of fire the cavity: overcook food. to when or other the to from or the closed, turn off and the or off the or the cavity products, cooking or food the cavity when such as coffee or to overheated the without appearing to or when the from the Microwave THIS COULD RESULT IN VERY HOT LIQUIDS SUDDENLY BOILING OVER WHEN SPOON OR OTHER UTENSIL IS INSERTED INTO THE LIQUID. To reduce the of to overheat the the both and through heating straight-sided with wide-mouthed heating, allow the to the Microwave least seconds the when or other the If the light Authorized Servicer.
What to know about instructions Warning and Instructions appearing this to and that Common and when or operating microwave. service or about or Words, WARNING or which COULD or death. to the following to this with the operation to microwave It to or with the the front and the or allow or to the It that the properly and that there to the: and or and The should or repaired properly service TO AVOID TO MICROWAVE CAUTION or which COULD injury.
This grounded. This with grounding with ground- It that properly and grounded with the National and and ordinances. the of grounding reduces of shock the of the grounding of shock. The AC only, or protected supply. It recommended that this provided. The with grounding It that properly and grounded. power-supply to reduce of becoming or cord. DO NOT USE AN EXTENSION CORD. If the supply too or serviceperson outlet the If about the grounding or instructions, or serviceperson. Neither the to the or from to the procedures. Interference (U.s.A. Only) This and ISM and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with ISM to of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following: the of the or the microwave with to the receiver. the from the receiver. the that the microwave and the branch The or interference caused unauthorized to this It the responsibility of the user to such interference. GROUNDING INsTRUCTIONs
Information You To About This and and it reference. microwave cookbook microwave cooking hints and NEVER the Microwave without the turntable and the turntable that the The both clockwise and counterclockwise. food the Microwave when to the microwave the Microwave below hear the About Check foods to that they cooked to the United States of Food 160F fresh ground meat, bone- white poultry, seafood, and food. 165F ready-to-reheat ated, and and carry-out fresh food. 170F White meat of 180F meat of To meat thermometer thick or from or bone. NEVER the thermometer the food microwave ALWAYS potholders to burns when that with food. Enough heat from the food through to burns. and off. It the of the to to the when cooking or reheating. of microwave cook- and the food influence the amount of that the Generally, covered foods as as ones. The Microwave food only. It should to clothes or newspapers. Microwave rated the IEC Procedure. or food or the and accordingly. burns directing from the and the farthest of covering and and cooking from the the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food. NEVER the cavity cookbooks or other items. Select, and food to its high and the of cover clean. Food arcing and/or fires. when items from the that the clothes or the shielding least inch from walls, and
About microwave food thickest of Watch cooking the shortest amount of indicated and as Food or foods while or cookbook towels, microwave or and foods to cook evenly. with of thin of meat or to cooking thick cooked thoroughly. foods from to of once or Turn foods once microwaving to cooking of such foods as and About food Food Don't specially food food to and with heating Information You To to of and that microwave while the to to or seconds or heat bottles heating and thoroughly. feeding. to release and burns. and heating to when cooking or to items roasts turned least once. Rearrange foods such as meatballs through cooking both from top to and from the of the to the food from and which allows the food to cooking without overcooking. indicating that cooking reached. Food steams throughout, of to the Poultry thigh easily. Meat and and easily with shells. Reheat whole or shells. or bowls. Heat bottles. Heat bottles with Heat food Heat or cook closed or tight Can the microwave as bacteria gourds, or
Information You To About and coverings It to cookware. already cessfully Microwave the the these microwave cooking and reheating: such as Corningware heat-resistant microwave-safe plastics plates microwave-safe pottery, stoneware and recommended preheating Follow These items reheat- of foods that or them: DO NOT and with non-heat-resistant non-microwave-safe plastics products food Should to microwaving, the the and microwave HIGH seconds. which becomes should used. The following coverings covering foods reheating and while cooking cooking and reheating. that specially cooking and reheating. DO NOT allow to food. that microwave-safe choice heat near the food to hasten cooking or foods that DO NOT to to Microwave of smoothly the food to shield that defrosting or cooking too should than inch to of the Should about or cover- microwave cookbook or follow Accessories There microwave purchase. purchase that they microwave-safe thermometer and that foods cooked to to the when used.
and The the securely closed. with see-through Turntable INTERACTIVE The Interactive operating and shows cooking hints. HELP lighted the the to hint which Words the light to what function light It light when operating or cover: DO NOT REMOVE. seconds Popcorn/Bacon the the securely. The turntable clockwise or counterclockwise. cleaning. turntable the turntable the of the
and Words the of the light to what function to the which there and information. to the
operating Microwave and this and completely. the Microwave used, follow these the the The ENJOY YOUR OVEN TOUCH CLEAR AND TOUCH CLOCK the sTOP/CLEAR appear. clock. below. To the clock to the of (A.M. or P.M.). Touch Touch clock. the of touching the Touch clock Procedure This hour clock. If to incorrect clock ERROR appear the Touch the sTOP/CLEAR and the If the supply to microwave should interrupted, the ENJOY YOUR OVEN TOUCH CLEAR AND TOUCH CLOCK the reinstated. If this the The of sTOP/CLEAR and the clock the of NOTE Microwave with the sTART, popcorn, fresh and reheat. stop/Clear Touch the sTOP/CLEAR to: Stop the temporarily the of to the
Operation cooking Microwave seconds the the they both to cook Touch cooking Touch sTART. To There increases the cooking which recommended foods such as and cooking of cookbook or Touch once then High Procedure Approx. of High to Touch defrosting Touch and Touch sTART. You to cooking Follow If the food that to the Defrost chart or or below the the Amount the Defrost chart to manually. You or ously cooked, Follow the found defrosting and when the Common or cooked food the of pound. of the to or the that defrosted. If food defrosted the of the defrosting the defrosted. using from the enough to from the to microwave-safe Defrost Procedure
The that the and humidity) from the food as The the cooking and foods and using the of the cooking and the of the off with cloth or towel. The with foods would selection with More or More or food than the the chart should cooked following the microwave the first of cooking or reheating, food appear the the or sTOP/CLEAR this of the The of interrupted. If this appear. To the sTOP/CLEAR and cook manually. the the from the food, of cooking appear. when cooking appears the At this or season food, as popcorn, the properly when cooking other foods, ERROR displayed. food If to cook manually. food cooking hint. Touch user when the HELP lighted the foods cook when covered. the cover recommended the food charts. wrap: recommended microwave loosely; allow inch to to allow to should food. Cover completely; to If than least inch to cover. when covering to allow to from You cook or reheat foods touching fresh popcorn, and reheat You to cooking or to of popcorn. Touch the popcorn/bacon with to cook and efficiently. Touch once. microwave directly the as the popcorn/bacon with the to cook popcorn. with or The to the food food heating. If to heat manually. Procedure
chart Food Amount Procedure Soft (flowerets) (whole) Corn beans with or and covered, with cooking, from and wrapped to Reheat or slightly than amount to reheated. with or covers such as or with of foods such as stews. reheating, Re-cover and allow to to should If to heat with and and washed. with Touch fresh once. covered, to tbsp. with cover Touch fresh covered, to the microwave. to which to the popcorn/bacon with to cook and efficiently. Touch once Touch This with of microwave popcorn. You to and choose Unfold the and to
You cook foods touching the cook and the food You to cooking or to cook ground Touch Touch cook ground Touch sTART chart Food Amount Procedure Meat this to cook ground or as or to to other microwave-safe and cover with ground meat and cover with or turn or meat to Re-cover and sTART covered, to and of Cover with or cover and to or Fish/Seafood around with with wrap. covered, this foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from outer and follow covering. covered to Chicken Breast Procedure Water of or or with with of that cooking too Re-cover and sTART. covered to should 160F. with More or The to the food Check food heating. If to heat manually. the while and cooking that there chance of overcooking food.
to with The the cooking and foods shown the following charts. to heat of Touch Touch touching the and Touch sTART. chart Food Amount Procedure This restoring cool to and heating to The Procedure this to reheat of 12-inch or of 16-inch If microwave-safe Touch of and sTART with More or Touch the once or touching sTART More or Each food cooking hint. Touch when the HELP lighted the Should to or than the allowed amount, appear the More or than the the chart should cooked following the cookbook. The cooking to the food quality). food If to cook manually.
chart Food Amount Procedure Microwave each with or Touch and the the of and touch sTART Meal microwave from and Follow of and/or Touch and the Touch sTART from Follow to or cover. when from the as Touch and the Touch sTART from outer Follow to or cover. when from the as and the Touch sTART plate allowing each, food with towel. Touch and the and sTART. rearrange, and sTART covered, to this foods. It satisfactory You to and choose from and follow covering. Touch and the Touch sTART covered to
Reheat Breads The reheat the and heating and microwave foods shown the chart below. to heat fresh or Touch Touch reheat Touch fresh or Touch to Touch sTART Reheat chart Food Amount Procedure Fresh this to reheat or with option. without the of cooked and with or Touch reheat and the of and sTART covered, to Procedure this to items should as or cover with towel. or to the amount to the of muffin. Touch to and touch sTART this to items should as or cover with towel. to and sTART To reheat foods or foods or below the allowed, operation. Reheat with or
the heating and and foods shown the chart. to of Touch Touch Select food touching Touch Touch to Touch sTART chart Food Amount Procedure Procedure DO NOT COVER. touching touching touching touching with touching tbsp. touching touching of chips. touching To or other food or foods the the Chart, operation. with or
Other Defrost Defrost the foods found the Defrost chart below. to Touch Touch and touching the and Touch sTART The the food the the Turn and shield the Touch sTART the the the Touch sTART covered. Defrost chart Food Amount Procedure Meat each covered, to Steaks/Chops/ each rearrange or should they become or covered, to defrosting with each and shield the with covered, to At and covered, to Soup At and covered, to Procedure each rearrange and there or shield with of meat or that defrosted. covered, to To other food or foods or below the allowed the Defrost chart, and Defrost with More or Touch the once or touching sTART Touch when the HELP lighted the helpful hint. If to or than the amount as indicated the chart below, appear the foods when sections to crystals Shielding cooking from occurring the of the food defrosted. smooth of to cover and thinner sections of the food.
features that easy instructions the interactive CHILD LOCK The Child such as The that the deactivated or locked. To the and then the sTART Should touched, LOCK ON appear the To and sTART AUDIBLE ELIMINATION If to the with the and sTOP/CLEAR To and the user the and sTART. AUTO sTART If to to cooking of follow this to cooking to the clock showing the of Touch Touch user the Touch clock Procedure Touch cooking Touch Touch Touch sTART cooking clock If the to the sTART to appear the that the the chosen to choose foods that the the Acorn or often choice. LANGUAGE The English and U.S. Customary Unit-pounds. To user and the to the choice selected from the below. Then, sTART of Once English LB English KG LB Spanish KG French LB French KG Procedure
cooking to cooking switching from to another automatically. to and then to this automatically. to cook and then to cook Touch cooking Touch cooking Touch and sTART Touch NOTE If touched once, high displayed. If to as touching the displayed. Procedure More or Should that of the Reheat or Defrost slightly the once touching choice of or touching sTART The MORE Should that of the Reheat or Defrost slightly the touching choice of or touching sTART The LESS short-cut to to heat of Press Press The immediately and then off when finished. seconds seconds to cooking seconds while the counting It seconds to the shown each the touched. This as seconds of to sTART the immediately. Procedure
on-off to phone Touch Touch on-off Touch on-off The count To the the sTOP/CLEAR once. NOTE on-off operates as and when the Procedure Demonstration To clock the and then the sTART and three DEMO ON appear the operations and with the seconds and the and count to END To clock the and sTOP/ CLEAR If the from the outlet and Each hint. If to user whenever HELP lighted the Interactive these and other operation hints.
Cleaning and Clean the with and and with cloth. type of household or cleaner. the both with cloth to or to with cloth. the of and other cleaners as they or the should cleaning the If the becomes the Microwave cleaning. the with cloth slightly with only. with cloth. or of cleaners. and sTOP/CLEAR Cleaning easy heat to the therefore, there and of or To the with cloth and DO NOT USE ABRASIVE OR HARSH CLEANERS OR SCOURING PADS. or thoroughly with The cleaned with and NEVER SPRAY OVEN CLEANERS DIRECTLY ONTO ANY PART OF THE MICROWAVE OVEN. the cleaning or the to inactivate the cleaning. The cover from the to performance. with cloth food from the of the cover they splashes overheat and or possibly catch fire. the cover. Occasionally, cooking the To grated and of and whole using Allow to cool. with cloth. Turntable/Turntable support/Racks The and easy cleaning. them cleanser and scouring They dishwasher-proof. top of dishwasher with high acidity, such as or the turntable to cook foods directly the immediately. The sealed, or should allowed to this
Please the following service: of the and the securely. the HIGH the light YES NO the cooling the front C the the YES NO If NO the to of the tions, please and/ or If they functioning CONTACT ELECTROLUX AUTHORIZED sERVICER. microwave should serviced do-it-yourself Service NOTE If appearing the counting Demonstration and YES NO
Specifications UL phase 120V, AC UL AC Required: EW30MO55HS: (W) (H) (D) EW27MO55HS: (W) (H) (D) Cavity (W) (H) (D) Capacity: EW27MO55HS: EW30MO55HS: Approx. The International Commissions This and holding food with by: FCC Authorized. DHHS with of Health and Services (DHHS) CFR, CSA phase 117V, CSA Chapter I, J. This the the Inc. USA or EW27MO55H EW30MO55H
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, which to or workmanship when used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first year from of purchase. and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of OF IMPLIED LIMITATION OF CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMs ON IMPLIED INCLUDING OF OR FOR PARTICULAR ARE LIMITED TO ONE OR THE PERIOD ALLOWED LAW, BUT NOT THAN ONE ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4