PM PM air-o-speed
air-o-speed Revolutionary High PM PM
air-o-speed from Professional Mother Nature PM PM than The air-o-speed high capacity cook from to perfectly roasted fast. Steam, or with the highest with air-o-speed. Thats fast. Flexibility to of seafood or cooked to perfection and match without from fresh or Rethermalize with and Thats Three cooking options: and Select the type of food the fresh or and and air-o-speed the air-o-speed
air-o-speed Work the PM PM
Caterers. air-o-speed high-speed performance every PM PM customers. air-o-speed the to locations. to withstand the rigorous wherever they ready to products without Catering/Banqueting retherm and when combining air-o-speed with Beat the cooking half. Service/Quick the highest food the shortest amount of those air-o-speed
of high capacity Can PM PM
The cook cook to the type and of the food that used. PM PM (Fresh) air-o-speed Seafood/Pasta air-o-speed Meats (Fresh) Chops (Fresh) (Fresh) air-o-speed Whole air-o-speed Not Applicable Products air-o-speed air-o-speed Seafood air-o-speed air-o-speed Whole (Fresh) air-o-speed (Fresh) air-o-speed air-o-speed Steamed (Fresh) air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed air-o-speed
air-o-speed Breakthrough patented, breakthrough with the or cooking allowing to cook to of food with the highest the thats right, and microwaves. this Three, to of microwave the air-o-speed cooking cavity. These waves and then, launched the the food of multi-waves. microwaves, these allow the food to cooked of the food the and to perfection whether cook or of food. CONVECTION Heat Convection to STEAM heat seafood, and to High to Steam to COMBI Combines and and to PM PM Patented MULTI-WAVE Patented microwave Combine with and from or fresh cook
cooking Three cooking and the PM PM Select the type of food the fresh or and and air-o-speed the air-o-speed Easily Press and air-o-speed follows instructions. the cooking the to specified or cook to internal with the
air-o-speed F F F F F to PM PM Preheating phase cooling-down phase Finishing-off phase and phase COOKING CHAMBER TEMP CORE TEMP to cooking atmosphere. to high Integrated self-cleaning cleaning of air-o-speed LTC Integrated cooking to highest cooking of Patented
options PM PM Chiller Included AOS One of AISI s/s Additional RACK air-o-speed air-o-speed of Castors AOS AOS of AISI s/s One of AISI s/s AOS and Non-stick Non-stick Non-stick AOS Trolley AOS AOS AOS AOS air-o-speed Thermal AOS101 Plate AOS Plate AOS HACCP HACCP mount) PC based HACCP SW EKIS air-o-speed
Professional, Inc. North American Headquarters SW Street Toll-free www.electroluxusa.com/professional to the than to It and to of the from to The ISO AM AM MOR The the right to specifications without 9JEB8D