Built-In Wall
Information of information Features....................................................................5-8 Started clock light the preheat Convection roasting Convection Convection cook the clock of clock On or off of or hours or C or hour to factory self-clean...................................22-23 self-clean self-clean self-clean and cleaning................................................24-26 Cleaning of instructions cleaning lights To and to Notes..........................................................................30 Warranty information Products, Inc. rights Printed Please this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase plate location NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information
What to know about instructions Warning and Instructions appearing this to cover and that Common and when or operating microwave. service or about or Words, WARNING or which or death. and the the and the allow to with the and other attached to the back of the InstallationBe properly and grounded or with the National ANSI/NFPA (U.S.A.) or CSA C22.1, PART editions and only instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours to the supply. ServicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the Instructions CAUTION or which injury. the from to or or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other the or ApplianceFlammable should This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the items of to the Children the seriously aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the To reduce the of of the The properly To properly the and that the instructions.
Instructions DO NOT TOUCH INTERIOR OVEN ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE WALL OVEN UNTIL THEY HAVE COOLED. The heating though the near the become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the the these and Wear or should while using the clothing or other Water or Grease Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. or heating the heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too or burns from the the heating or other cloth instead of Not Heat Unopened Food ContainersBuild- of the to burst and IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The the or the the Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items the These items or of Racks. location while cool. from the If while and the with both to the or of the the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover the or with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to Disconnect the or off the to the removing and the IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR OVEN Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the instructions cleaning. ClEANING OVENS Clean the self-cleaning the of the this using the self-cleaning of the the and the the of the the self-clean function to the The should to or the cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the The health of to the off the self-clean of to another The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and to of to such NOTE these instructions reference.
Convection Supports tUrninG the (when the Cool). To the them the each of the interior, as shown below. To the self-clean the to them from the If the the self-clean light This with with to precisely of (Non-SLIDING only) Location The each the released through the This the and Convection roasting
and Removing With the its closed the and the once. Slightly the and and to clear the first the and the the the and and them from the front of the and slightly when the hits its the when the cool to operating the when the To the racks, follow the instructions to the and cleaning section to the racks. Bracket Bracket the the the the the the each both the the back of
functions light light Used to the light and off or right Used to the Used to the Convection Used to the Convection Used to the roasting Convection Used to the Used to the Used to the cook Used to function or right Used to the cook heavy clean preheat cook Used to the Used to or cooking Clean Used to hours clean Clean Used to hours Clean Used to hours self-clean Used to cooking Used to the which the cooking Preheat Used to preheat the to the Conv. Convert Used to to
OVEN on-off user CANCEL START Used to cooking Preference Used to the user the on-off Used to or the The or Used to functions the of and Started clock the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the the with ClO The clock when the If of the to to of To the clock Press to the of to The HI or to or the displayed. Press START to the or to with of the to Used to thru Used to and Used to the and Used to the and with cooking the shown the and as the preheats. the reached its sound to to the food the This active with cooking and The cooking which the noted their NOTE: The lowest that 100F.
light the includes theater lighting that lights the to brightness. The with lights. The lights automatically, when the The light turned when the closed the light located the The light the lights intensity. To the Lights ON and OFF Press OVEN The the The allowed when the turned OFF active). DOOR LOCK the seconds or the finished Once the locked, appear the to the while DOOR LOCK flashing. To the ON and OFF CONTROL LOCK seconds. preheat The Preheat the to than preheat and then when to the food the Preheating when roasting or cooking The to preheat 170F to 550F with of the cooking Convection and Convection IMPORTANT: The preheat ONLY. The heat with Started This with which as the that when the It or The of the other functions and To the Press TIMER. appear the Press to the to The HI or to or the displayed. Press TIMER to and the countdown. the displayed and the TIMER flash. The clock sound that repeated the TIMER pressed. To the the Press TIMER The to the of To preheat 350F Press OVEN Press BAKE Press RAPID PREHEAT Press START to the with the preheat food the when the and PRE-HEATING indicating that the reached the
This The to heat the and The to from 170F to 550F with of 350F. preheat using the preheat, the and the to heat the and the as as If racks, the and Allow to to around the the each other, the or back of the as shown. To of 350F racks. Press OVEN OVEN Press BAKE Press START The shows PRE- HEATING food the when the and shows that the reached the and the PRE-HEATING The and Preheat to cooking their sections food. when from the Press to or the To to of 425F Press the HI or to to the of or the 5F (or 2C) to the the to Common section of this
allows the to to cook of and off automatically. The shown the section of the The off and when the countdown finished. This with Convection Convection Warm, and cooking To cooking 450F Press OVEN Press BAKE The the Press COOK TIME Press START The heating. The cook counting the Press to the or to the cook anytime. with the COOK TIME or END TIME features. the when cooking or and and that easily such as or should the first. when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when cooking completed. Eating food sickness from food allows the to to off of The the The shown the section of the The off and when the countdown finished. This with Convection Convection Warm, Clean and cooking This with and to and the right To cooking 450F which 6:00PM) Press OVEN Press BAKE The the Press COOK TIME. Press END TIME of Press START The shown the Press to the or to the cook anytime.
This and to thick. of cooking of meat heat the of the The high heat cooks and outer appearance. The to from 300F to 550F with of 550F. Broiling browning, preheat the the food and cook the Season and the to the turning or food. the and its when It allows the grease to from the high heat of the with the slightly DO NOT the without the DO NOT the with The grease catch fire. DO NOT the roasting when Wall Broiling Food Item thick Chops thick thick Should fire the and off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. and grease fire to and To of 550F racks. Press OVEN Press BROIL Press START food the Turn food when the top and cook the food. when removing from the Press to or the
Convection This of cooking to the when with and racks. slightly increase cook foods the foods cooked cook and with Convection Convection the three and to the heat and continuously within the The Convection 170F to 550F with of 350F. Convection Tips: preheat the Convection preheat, the and the to heat the If cooking already there to reduce If the easily reduce using the Convection Convert Please Convection Convert section further instruction tested with when this With the foods as as reduction cook food reductions the amount and type of food to cooked. using with or If cooking racks, the and or and cakes) should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook To Convection of 350F racks. Press OVEN Press CONVECTION BAKE Press START The shows PRE- HEATING food the when the and shows that the reached the and the PRE-HEATING The and Preheat features to cooking their sections Convection Flow
Convection roasting This cooking of and poultry. this when cooking The Convection Roasting the and the Convection roasting the the the and to the heat and continuously within the The Convection Roasting 170F to 550F with of 350F. Convection Roasting the and and the roasting The catch grease and the The roasting the the roasting securely seated the the The roasting fits the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase browning the There to reduce the or to the Convection Convert with this cooking DO NOT the without the or cover the with the to the food. food the roasting Convection Roasting Chart Meat to 350F to 350F to 400F Poultry whole** to 325F 180F whole** to 325F 180F whole** to 325F 180F to 350-375F 180F fresh to 325F 160F Shoulder to 325F 160F to 325F 160F Pre-cooked to 325F 160F roasting shield and breast with to and of the To Convection of 350F racks. Press OVEN Press CONVECTION ROAST Press START The and Preheat features to cooking their sections food. when from the Press to or the Roasting
Convection this thicker of meat, and The Convection the and the Convection the and to the heat and continuously within the The Convection 300F to 550F with of 550F. Convection browning, preheat the the food and cook the Season and the to the turning or food. the and its when It allows the grease to from the high heat of the DO NOT the without the DO NOT the with The grease catch fire. DO NOT the roasting when than the recommended IMPORTANT: this cooking with the closed or the To Convection of 550F racks. Press OVEN Press CONVECTION BROIL Press START food the Turn food when the top and cook the food. when from the Press to or the Convection Should fire the closed and off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. and grease fire to and injury. Convection The Convection Convert to properly, this to the (reduced) the Convection Convert ONLY with Convection cooking It with the features and their sections If with the cook and features, CF displayed when of the At this the sound finished. the completely finished the the pressed. NOTE To this with the COOK TIME option, the COOK TIME the CONVECTION CONVERT from to Press OVEN Press CONVECTION BAKE Press CONVECTION CONVERT The 25F than what to Press START to the Convection section informations).
cook This foods cooking finished. The the to the within the The 150F to 190F with of 170F. with food. the to heat food. Food heat-safe and higher to food repeated of the allow to and the food to cool. to food to crease To of 170F racks. Press OVEN Press KEEP WARM Press START The and features to their sections food. when from the Press to or the This to cook slowly, and cooking the as or Crock-Pot. The roasting poultry. the of becoming burnt. This The the to the There high (HI) or (LO). The cook the hours the to the Continuous Completely thaw foods cooking with the using the of the to of when cooking food items. the often or the when foods. If the heat the to Cover the foods to them or or type cover to allow foods to or the the of the the recommended food and food thermometer to when the food Preheating the when using the or the hour of To and food the Press OVEN Press COOK Press HI high HI or Press START The and features to their sections food. when from the Press to or the
This foods with heat from the and the The heat throughout the the to and/or foods such as and This while the heated to The 100F to 225F with of 120F. preheat the Drying the and of the food, the of the the amount and the the food the Treat with to ation. food or information. To of 120F and Press OVEN Press DEHYDRATE Press START to food. when from the Press to or the the dough activating the yeast. This or dough. The 85F to 100F with of 100F. Proofing to preheat this dough with to of the lowest to the the cavity. Allow least of and of the to heat and lengthening To and dough the Press OVEN Press BREAD PROOF Press START to the The and features to their sections food. Press to or the To while the function active: Press the HI or to to the
The allows to or cooking This the cooking the and the To 450F which currently operation. Press OVEN Press BAKE The appear the Press COOK TIME The the Press START Press and seconds FAVORITE Notice that the the light To recalling which currently operation. Press OVEN Press MY FAVORITE which currently lighted Press START To overwrite To overwrite cooking and The overwrite the To Select pressing. Press MY FAVORITE seconds the The HI and to the The with the BAKE The higher or the (the should however the or tones indicating whether the correctly. Once the properly with the active, the continuously ON This the factory 12-Hour If the light the Sabbath, OVEN activating the Once the light turned ON and the active, the light ON the Sabbath turned OFF. If the light to OFF, to the light OFF activating the IMPORTANT NOTES: It to to other other than BAKE while the active. ONLY the following function the to BAKE START HI and ALL OTHER KEYPADS function once the properly activated. To the to Immediately the 350F) the food the Press OVEN Press BAKE If to the COOK TIME this If this and to to their section instructions. the COOK TIME and therefore only once the Sabbath/Jewish
the Press START The ON and heating immediately. Press and both the HI and least seconds. appear the Once appears the the or further and the properly the You the once started. Press BAKE the the 425F and then START TWICE only). that the or further once the the Preferences The Preferences includes This to the options of the This the of or Continuous or Hour Clock or Clock Hours of or of and the The Preferences when the To through the Preferences Press USER PREF to the Preferences Press USER PREF to through the Preferences The turned OFF (this the OFF only). To OFF the and both the HI and least seconds. from the Should or the off. the back automatically. SF displayed the The that the and the food from the while the however the back the Sabbath. the OFF the Press and both the HI and least seconds. from the and the with further and of with the please the Press or HI to the options. Press START while the chosen option to change. Press when finished to back to the Preferences items: ClO the clock. ClO Clock on/off. ClO hour of F-C hour on/off. on/off and UPO rSt to factory
Preferences the clock of The clock or hour of operation section). The clock the factory the hour operation. the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the ClO The clock the used. to the interrupted, appears and flashes the To the Clock this the below and follow and To the clock Press USER PREF to the ClO Press to the of to The HI or to or the displayed. Press START to the and back to user Press when finished to back to the the clock On or The to the of or The the factory to the of clock ON and OFF Press USER PREF to the ClO Press or HI to or the clock. Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the of or hours The to of hours or hours The the factory to hours or hour of Press USER PREF to the ClO Press or HI to the of the clock or hours. Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the to clock the of or The to or The the factory to To from to or to Press USER PREF to the F-C Press or HI to the C and F options. Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the
or hour The factory built-in Hour that off the the than hours and The to this Continuous hour and Press USER PREF to the Press or HI to the and off. Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the The allows the to operated without sounds or whenever necessary. If the and to operating with the sounds and The of the To the or Press USER PREF to the Press or HI to the the highest to the lowest OFF to the Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the Preferences The the the factory. first the to follow and If think the too or too cool, the the that higher or than the recommended The should to of To the Press USER PREFERENCES to the UPO the the or HI The only 35F. Press START to the and back to Press when finished to back to the to factory The to to its factory This includes: the Clock ON/OFF to ON, the clock to to the to to and the Reseting the the To the to its Press USER PREF to the rSt Press or HI to Press START to to factory
Self-Clean self-clean to the Following Cleaning Allow the to cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. cleaning of the the turned off or the cool. DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing DO NOT force the The locking the and These items withstand high cleaning and MUST If they while to the self-clean the REMOVE RACKS The clean without first the and the cavity the self-cleaning To clean, and cloth. or fire when subjected to high Clean from the and the These heat sufficiently self-clean to Clean with DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT the DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT The health of to the off the self-clean of to another NOT Clean Clean which of the Clean
self-clean self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to whisk with cloth. If to the directly self-clean to allow the to cool and the to This normally about hour. the and the the clock with the of and the closed. Press OVEN Press hours self-clean, MED hours, or ClEAN hours cleaning Press START The DOOR flash. as the the to automatically. Once the the DOOR light flashing and Allow about seconds the to the Self-Clean Completed The of and DOOR ON. The while the too to Once the cooled HOUR, and the DOOR displayed, the then or Self-Cleaning If becomes to or cleaning to Press Once the cooled approximately HOUR and the DOOR displayed, the then the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT children the Self-Clean the and the the clock with the of and the closed. Press OVEN Press ClEAN hours self-clean, MED ClEAN hours, or ClEAN hours cleaning Press START The DOOR flash. as the the to automatically. Once the the DOOR light flashing and Press END TIME of the of the Press START Allow about seconds the to the Self-Clean Completed The of and DOOR ON. The while the too to Once the cooled HOUR, and the DOOR displayed, the then or Self-Cleaning If becomes to or cleaning to Press Once the cooled HOUR and the DOOR displayed, the then DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning to the of the when the to allow or to The VERY HOT.
and Cleaning Cleaning of cleaning of the turned OFF and the COOL. REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND HEAVY SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANINGS WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF CLEANINGS LATER. to Clean Painted and and Decorative cleaning the to OFF. Lightly the with cleaner. with cloth or towel. DO NOT cleaners or scouring These permanently the scouring with scouring with and of clear and cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. Chrome Decorative Racks, and from the the self-clean cleaning. If they the self-clean Clean them as To with and cloth. DO NOT the or the The located the of the and when the should to or the cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and DO NOT cleaners of these they scratch. Clean with and dishcloth. with and cloth. with to Cleaners recommended. to the cleaners as bluish heating and
instructions lights IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should the Self-clean cleaning To cleaning the of the with DO NOT cover the with To grease from the from the as as cooking completed. the off grease. the HOT, Clean the as as each If necessary, scouring scratch the and Cleaning the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection or burns. The light located both of the cavity and both covered with shield. The shield whenever the the light Turn off the or the light shield as illustrated below. with Please allow to the when replacing. This the of the to cover the when shield Turn back the (or the back The clock then to of shield and Light
and Cleaning To the To burns, to the the completely cooled. To to when or the follow the instructions below and the with from the IMPORTANT The heavy. when and the the the the Unlock both them and from the they If screwdriver to with the locks. both of this to the whole of the while the of the with both the the to about inches and closing the The should release from the its evenly, slightly and both clear of the the to the with the of the the with the To the the both below the positioning the with the the to to the attempting to the the the of the to the and the and the the of the from that the the the to the With the the both the they both the HINGE from the
cooking pre-heat the when breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting or The cooking and to slightly from and the too top or the when cooking to and Chart and the the preheat- completed. overcrowded or too heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too or service 1-877-4ELECTR Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than recommended. 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to shortest recommended
to service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this IMPORTANT service, this It both and This includes that the of workmanship or and displays of the and appear to and to the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the flash. The the clock securely the and/or connected. Cord with or authorized servicer. Service or authorized servicer. house lights to Short properly. instructions to the House blown or tripped immediately following installation. House and screw or securely. light Burned-out or Follow the instructions light to or the Self-cleaning cooking factors hints, and the recommended or cooking too lightweight or warped. cookware foods cook evenly. or from to clear the and the from the If the the and authorized servicer. the closed. the and the from the properly. Follow instructions the Self-Clean this or of grease the or service 1-877-4ELECTR
excessively completely self-cleaning completed to Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat searing operation. Meat properly prepared. from meat. to curling, the Grease the the with the and the to allow grease to the without or cover with DO NOT the without the or the with to cleaned. Grease built cleaning when frequently. Grease or food to from top of of or These the self-cleaning enough to Clean these the self-cleaning started. cleaned with and or to the the self-clean cleaning or service 1-877-4ELECTR
Notes
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first from of purchase. and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service tolls, charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without USA Products, Inc., Charlotte, NC Terry L5V 3E4 Warranty