COMPETENCE Instructions
Dear please these operating tions through They to of the technical of The instructions information and Please the operating instructions reference. them to of the The and/or the (Warning!, to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with the clover. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the "What to section.
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions to to Appliance The of Appliance of the Appliance Functions first Initial Cleaning the the Switching the On and the the Switching Switching On and the Core and Notes and Gratins Ready Meals Table
Roasting Notes the Roasting Roasting Roasting with the Meat Thermometer Table Meat Thermometer Defrosting Preserving Cleaning and The of the Appliance Light Combination What to Service and Customer Service Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the with Units Index
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions This to Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty that The features of AEG with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. using other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons clean the with or high cleaner. the meat thermometer. The the the ther- from the of least the meat thermome- and the or top heat. roasting and the become Therefore, children from the Repairs to the to service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of malfunction, from the supply. Instructions
Instructions This cooking only. It or the to food. the to heat the To to Appliance with and the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the the meat thermometer. The the or top heat and the meat thermometer least the meat thermometer the
of the the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< the which of CFCs. of correctly of Warning! Please to the off the and catches. Notes The of the household You information about or from refuse or Instructions
Instructions The of Appliance Switches: The functions and each selected switches. The switches clearly arranged, easy to and lowered. Clock with of cooking and displayed. Switching On and the clock, the switched with and switched off the of the The cooking amounts of food to its of Heat Protective The with heat reflective Thermax The front of the cool when the operation. It with insulation, lighting both and switch that off the and heating when the
of the Appliance the selected Function the selected function. With of the of thermometer switching and off. when the tion switched Function selecting the Light as as the and extinguishes when the reached. Selection selecting the Instructions
Instructions Shelf There both of the with Please that the tions counted from bot- to top The The following supplied: sheet and Shelf cake tins, items roasting and with of roasts or as or collecting stoneware the stoneware with the shelf You Meat Thermometer cooking You
Functions The of cooking that Ventitherm Ventitherm to roasting and cooking shelves once, and defrosting to C than top/bottom heat. The heater the rear of the and the that the the continuously. The food heated from Defrost the Ventitherm function without or as the This the thaw- or defrosting of or other foods, and cooling heat and roasting shelf. Heat from and below. Heat heat of cakes. Top Heat Top heat The function to or toasting of foods. The heat the heater the of the using the function to or toasting of such or toast, and and The heat the heater the of the Instructions
Instructions Rotitherm Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or shelf. This function to The heater and function The function and This function the function pre-heat the the
first Initial Cleaning the the first should thor- oughly. You switch the lighting to cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth only. the of fronts, cleaners that protective or cleaners! The the as the connected to the and the supply, the the right of the clock flashes. The clock the Press the and buttons the the The of appears the right of the Instructions
Instructions the Switching the On and To the and Selection" to release them. The then the the function. The function the the function selected. the Selection" the The the selected. The light as as the the reached, this light To switch off the the and the Selection to the off the them.
the function the pre-heated atively the food to roasted or cooked the when and the to the function. the to function the Selection" to the The light as the light the to the function. You the food to cooked the Instructions
Instructions Indication the Core Indication the Right: of cooking of cooking Selecting: Meat thermometer of cooking the as the connected to the and the supply, the the right of the clock flashes. Press the and of cooking buttons the using the The of appears the right of the
the pressed. the the The appears the of the The Release the the The displayed. At the of the sounds. Pressing the switches off the Instructions
Instructions Switching the cooking pressed. the cooking the Release the cooking operation The and the text Select function and At the of the cooking the switches off automatically. sounds. The of cooking and the flash. Switch off the function and selection Pressing the of cooking the to operation.
Switching On and The switches the and switches off the the of the cooking pressed. the cooking the Release the The and the text the of cooking pressed. the switch off the Release the of cooking The of cooking and the text Instructions
Instructions function and At the of the cooking the switches off. sounds. The of cooking and the text flash. Pressing the of cooking the to operation. the Core The function activated when the meat thermome- its the interior). The The meat thermometer switches with of C The appears the of the the Meat thermometer to the or to the the Release the Meat thermometer to The shown the (lowest displayed C). the reached, the switches off. sounds. The flashes. Pressing the Meat thermometer switches off the The function deactivated the meat thermometer from the
and the Ventitherm or function. of and coated heat Light Ventitherm Shelf The counted from to top. with heat should Ventitherm once. sheets: Shelf and Instructions
Instructions Notes Please that the counted from to top and that the with the to the front. the to the cakes the of the shelf. With Ventitherm and heat or three this the the shelf. The then increased to with Ventitherm pre-heating shelves once Shelf One from the sheets and shelf from the (cakes tins), the cooking increased to the sheets individually when sufficiently with Ventitherm C the of cakes with amount of should with heat Pre-heat shelf. Pre-heat function once the reached, switch back to heat of and with heat shelf. cakes pre-heat with or stoneware pre-heat
Notes the the information cooking and selection of dishes. often the and cooking these the and used. or cake tins, the cook- and cakes, should shelf. the first the and necessary, increased or the cooking too selecting higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the Variations the amount of browning themselves the cake Dough: yeast, Instructions
Instructions with the function C. yeast, dough of the Allow the dough to Then the dough and to further the dough and the or the dough to or bases, and the as required. The should that the dough become Pre-heat the the function C. the or the the pre-heating and the round the the C to the stoneware the dough as and flour-covered board. the to the that become The completed the board otherwise to the dough. the stoneware the and the Pre-heat the and the stoneware function C. the from the the stoneware. the the function C to
with Ventitherm and Heat The information shows the function to each of or Ring-Shaped Shortcrust Apple and Plaited Roll/Ring Christmas pre-heat Bread: pre-heat C Puffs/Eclairs pre-heat Ventitherm Heat Shelf from C Shelf from Instructions C both Functions
Instructions of or (dough/sponge base) (shortcrust with pre-heat Shortcrust Meringues with Yeast Dough with Pastry, pre-heat pre-heat Ventitherm Heat Shelf from C Shelf from C both Functions
with Function and function Apple and Bread: pre-heat: yeast dough/ base) shortcrust with (with pre-heat (thin) pre-heat pre-heat pre-heat Shelf from C Instructions
Instructions This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, The cake too light Next cake or the cake lower. with cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking
and Gratins Table The information shows the function to each Ventitherm Rotitherm Shelf from Gratin Browned Ready Meals Food to Shelf from pre-heat C Chips Rotitherm Ventitherm Ventitherm C Shelf from Function function with the instructions with the instructions Instructions C C with the instructions with the instructions
Instructions Roasting roasting, the Ventitherm heat or Rotitherm function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-resis- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting of with or meat). This the meat You of that should without meat If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to used.
Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking only roasting meat and the from of the heat function and other of meat the Rotitherm function the Ventitherm function Turn the of the cooking when using the Ventitherm function The cooking the type and of the The cooking the type of meat and its To the height of the of meat, should slightly as its the of meat with of to cantly the cooking If of meat or of whole the the cooking increases cooking cook- to If cooking then only the with the Ventitherm function the meat thermometer roasting. You roasting with the thermometer. You information Instructions
Instructions Roasting Roasting with Heat and Ventitherm The information shows the function to each of Meat Quantity Heat Ventitherm Shelf from or height cooked through of Chop, Meat Loaf of (pre-cooked) of of of C Shelf from C height
of Meat Heat Ventitherm Shelf from of of Poultry Poultry (steaming) Whole C Shelf from Instructions C
Instructions Roasting with Rotitherm The information shows the function to each of Meat Rotitherm or cooked through of Chop, Meat Loaf of (pre-cooked) of of of of of Poultry Poultry Shelf from height C height
of Meat Quantity Rotitherm (steaming) Whole Shelf from Instructions C
Instructions Roasting with the Meat Thermometer Notes the of the Meat Thermometer The meat thermometer the the meat cooked. the meat thermometer used, the matically switched off when the reached, of the of the The of the meat thermometer recommended the cooking of roasts of which the The of the meat thermometer the of the meat from the the thermometer, please the follow- the meat thermometer the to the The or the of the There should or bone the The meat thermometer should bones the of poultry, as as the meat thermometer the the The meat thermometer function activated. The Meat thermometer the the the switch, function. the Selection" switch, the the the the Core
Table Meat Thermometer Food to Core C of cooked through of Chop, Chop without Meat Loaf of with of Meat cooked through Poultry Instructions
Instructions the function the tion. the selection switch each to pre-heat the the function the shelf and Shelf the shelf from the roasting the the Notes the Table The only and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn meat and of as the information the Warning! with the
Food Shelf Chop/ of of of of Trout Toasting Toast with from Instructions
Instructions Defrosting defrosting the Ventitherm function to C. Defrosting food and the the shelf. or covering. plates or otherwise the increase considerably. Shelf the shelf the shelf from the Notes the Defrosting Table The the as only, as the of defrosting the the the the the defrosting Defrosting Table Defrosting the Defrost uncovered and half- through, or covered with Meat, Defrost and half- through, or covered with Meat, Defrost and half- through, or covered with Trout, Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Cream, Defrost whip Defrost uncovered. Further Defrosting Defrost uncovered.
Preserving the function. Preserving with and with screw or tops as Shelf the from the Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the to that there the the the such that they each other. The should with the amount and closed. Preserving Select function and to C. and as to the the first front right) (with to switch off the the to the further the of and Meat as to the the first the to C. the food to to to cook C Then switch off the and the to the further Instructions
Instructions Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. You cleaners. These protective starch and egg-white from as as these the of Lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning the each with and with Then the with cloth. with cleaner. Warning! reasons the with or higher cleaner. using please that follow the instructions! each (shelf, and To the to clean, them to
The the and right of the cleaning the and the screwdriver, the screws. to the front. To both using the screws. Instructions
Instructions Light Warning! There of shock! the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover. To this, the cover. light W, V, heat- to C). the cover. the cloth from the
Combination To the cleaning of the the (top heat and Warning! the when the switched off and the cold. the Combination the rotating fas- the tion (turn the force to the heater The heater off force used. the Combination the back and the Instructions
Instructions You the from cleaning. the the the the hinges. of the the with both and slowly. At around the release from their The To scratches, the with the the (as the the of the the with both and the from the the the slowly. the the hinges. the
What to the heat whether the switched the house If of these malfunctions, or service. the switched off? Switch the off and or the Clean the and with and and cloth. the lighting ceases to the light the Cleaning and the meat thermometer to thermometer. If this information with the assis- please or service. Warning! Repairs to the to fied service improperly or serious malfunction. If please AEG Service Force If to or to caused incorrect or charge the Instructions
Service and SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force routed to the Service covering customers should the section headed What to as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating plate the of the the
CUSTOMER SERVICE or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SLI IDZ Customer Service
Conditions GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to or The where or performance to tion, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or Should repairs the purchaser inform the tomer service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height Capacity Regulations, Directives This the following EN VDE and EN VDE of the of household and DIN of the operating of household EN VDE EN VDE of (EMC) This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Instructions
Instructions Instructions the regulations and the electricity boards connecting, and the light isolate the from the electricity supply.
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily with as or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the below. PVC/PVC and earth If that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these type Instructions
Instructions INSTALLATION with Unit plates to both of the of the the plates from the of the with the facing the and the the that the front the to the the screws supplied. the to both the
the the to the supply the the The the of the the the the the of the the Disconnect the from the supply. Installation Instructions
INDEX Switching On and and Gratins Ready Meals Shelf with Heat C Cleaning Combination Core Defrosting Meat Thermometer Switching Initial Cleaning Switching On and Functions Light function stoneware Preserving Roasting Roasting Shelf Roasting Meat Thermometer. with the Meat Thermometer Rotitherm. Service and the Shelf Shelf Switching the Selection Top Heat Universal
Ventitherm What to
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG