PREFERENCE Built-In Instructions COMPETENCE
Customer, Please these operating instructions through please of the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to owner of the The and/or Warning! to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with cloverleaf. to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions The features of of the Appliance Clock Functions Functions using the first the Cleaning the first the the the Shelf and Sheet Attaching/removing the Switching the On and the the Function Checking the the Function Switching Switching On and Checking Information the Function the Countdown Switching On/Off the Lighting Switching On/Off the Clock Child
and Roasting Meat, Table Bio-Functions Roasting Roasting Table Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Table Preserving Preserving Cleaning and The of the Appliance Light Catalytic Assembly
What to Service and Customer Service Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
Instructions OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The assembled and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The features of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. using other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons the with or high cleaner. If force used, the of the front of the roasting and the become Therefore children from the Overheated and catch fire quickly. Please to the when food or chips). Repairs to the only service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of the malfunctioning: the or switch off the
This other than that only the roasting and of food the home. the to food. the to heat the this with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the Instructions
Instructions the factory the with This insulation tested and sed as of the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the free of CFCs. The from of correctly of Warning! of off the catches to child- trapped Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or
The of The switched and off the This there children the to switch the the switches. This the to as switched off The If the switched off or the of the switches off automatically. Child this with as the child the switched The this the to precisely. tional ease of the each function select. Heat Protective The of from below that the become too hour clock the when the switched off. If required, switch off the Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance switching the and off. The -switched when the released, -switched off when the depressed. Function and Function selecting the function. The selected function indicated the respective function Selected function or selected, to the the reached, the switches to the selected function. and Selectors the or the function selected. The selected indicated the Clock Functions and Function the clock The selected function ted the respective function
Lighting to switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched when the However, to the lighting switched off using this and only switched as required. Light The light while the heating and extinguishes when the selected reached. It then and off cooking to that the Clock Functions with clock which with the to the countdown as countdown, or to or roasting with the of the function. as function switched the played the the TIME function. Countdown the COUNTDOWN function of hour The countdown countdown and operation. Function the functions COOK TIME and END TIME the clock the that the switches and off automatically. Instructions
Instructions The switches as as the ration. The to the switched off to the switches off automatically. Shelf There both of the each of these shelf At there shelf to ease the of cooked food. Please that the counted from top to with to them pulled the the the rear. The with protects the the of the from the when roasting food or or Rotitherm.
The with the following cake tins, roasts and items Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food Instructions
Instructions Functions The following the PIZZA BAKING this function cakes This function that and base, cheesecakes, C than heat. heat and the switched FAN COOKING cooking to the C than heat. heater and of the heater used. the of the that the the continuously. The food heated from CONVENTIONAL heat and roasting Heat from and below. ROTITHERM Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or This function gratin hes and The heater and the function pre-heat the the other cooking Several the function.
DUAL GRILL The to the or toasting of foods or toast. this function the of the to the GRILL to the or toasting of foods, or The heat the heater the of the BOTTOM HEAT this function cakes heat from below that they the heater the of the used. DEFROST the function to or completely cakes, or other foods. The operates without heat. Instructions
Instructions using the first the Following the of the TIME function and the flash. You then the The with the switched or off. If the the operated. the Press the or and the as required. Each the or the or back respectively. Press the clock or seconds. The displayed the to and continuously. The the or than seconds, the to or backwards the released this reach the If the isolated from the to the this the as
the The with the switched or off. The the Press the as often as the TIME function flashes. the as Cleaning the first the the first should thoroughly. You switch the lighting to cleaning Switch the using the ton. The light the Press the lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth. fronts that protective or cleaners! The Instructions
Instructions the the the when roasting without covering roasting dishes. the of the the and the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards.
the Shelf and Sheet The with the right and these the Shelf the shelf such that the the the that the with the the shelf the the such that the the rear. the the shelf such that the with the front of the the Shelf and using the and sheet together, the the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/removing the The easy of the and of the Attaching the the from the the slightly then it There of burns! that the securely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
Switching the On and Switch the the ton. The light the the function the or The selected function displayed. the If the within seconds, the to The light that the the reached the light extinguishes. It then and off to that the To switch off the the or To switch off the the The the extinguishes. Instructions
Instructions the Following the selection of the function, to the function the You the necessary, or Press the or to increase or the The C the or ton than seconds, the to forwards or backwards the released this reach the the Function Press the or once. The switched off Press the or and pressing the function selected. If the the to the selected function and the Checking the the the that reached the Press the and seconds. The the that reached seconds the switches back to the
Following selection of function, the pre-heated relatively of using the function Please the food to cooked the when and the the function. the function CONVENTIONAL). the necessary. Press the The the the reached, acoustic sounds. The extinguishes. The the function and You the food to cooked the The function with the heat or Please the and Tips section the Function There of the function: Switching If switched the and to to switch off the right using the clock the cook or the The then switches off automatically. Switching On and the morning or to the the cook and the The then switches the and switches off the of the cooking The cooking hour: COOK TIME The to ready END TIME The function selected or the function. Instructions
Instructions You seconds to the selection of clock function. At the of this the function the selected clock function extinguishes and Switching If necessary, switch the the Select function. If necessary, the Press the clock as often as the function COOK TIME or END TIME. The and the COOK TIME or END TIME function flash. Within seconds, the the cook or the to the seconds, the COOK TIME or END TIME function switches to The clock to switch off. as the cook or the reached, the switches off automatically. acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the If necessary, switch off the the
Switching On and switching and off, both the cook and the the following instructions, the cook first and then the The however the If necessary, switch the the Select function. If necessary, the Press the clock as as the function COOK TIME. The Within seconds, the the cook displayed. Press the clock the function light END TIME. The shows the cooking to immediately. Within seconds, the the displayed. seconds, the function switches from flashing to Both the COOK TIME and END TIME function to The clock to switch the and off automatically. The switches the the reached, the switches off and acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the If necessary, switch off the using the Checking the clock the COOK TIME or END TIME function. The function to flash. The the cook or the Instructions
Instructions You the cook or the the clock the COOK TIME or END TIME function. The function to flash. The the cook or the Within seconds, the or the cook or the to the Changes as as the function flashing. Switch off the the Information the Function The COOK TIME that hours and If the first, the clock the cook and This COOK TIME END TIME COOK TIME: If the cook first, the clock the earliest and This END TIME brought COOK TIME hours. END TIME:
the Countdown The countdown operates to the and both when the as as when function selected. If necessary, switch the using the Press the clock as often as the function tor COUNTDOWN. The COUNTDOWN function flashes. The the within seconds the seconds the COUNTDOWN function continuously. The countdown The of counted the the countdown expired, acoustic sounds Press the clock to switch off the The COUNTDOWN function extinguishes. If necessary, switch off the the the the Countdown the clock COUNTDOWN function. the within seconds using the or buttons. seconds the COUNTDOWN function continuously. The countdown with the Switching the Countdown Early the clock COUNTDOWN function. Within seconds the and appears the seconds the COUNTDOWN function extinguishes and the shows the The that the countdown hour If the the the ted the countdown The countdown to the background. Instructions
Instructions Switching On/Off the Lighting The lighting switches as as the switched switch the lighting and off manually. The switched the Press the lighting to switch the lighting or off. Switching On/Off the Clock the switched off, the shows the This switched off to The switched off. Press the and seconds. The clock extinguishes. as the switched the switches its- automatically. If, of the switched off or the the switches off automatically. The function the selected function flashes and the shows the The switches off of C hours of C hours of C hours of C hours Releasing the Press the or once. The switched off and then ready If the with the function, the
Child The with as the child the switched the countdown used. It to the child when deselected. the Child Switch the using the Press the and buttons seconds. acoustic confirms the operation. "SAFE" displayed the seconds. The then switches back to the Every attempted to switch the SAFE displayed the with the the Child It to the child when selected. the shown the If switch the off and using the ton. Press the and buttons seconds. acoustic sounds to the operation. The the The Instructions
Instructions and the PIZZA BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL tion when of and coated CONVENTIONAL. Light PIZZA BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf PIZZA BAKING or CONVENTIONAL should only. You to using FAN COOKING: Shelf Position Shelf Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from top to the of the shelf. You PIZZA BAKING or CONVENTIONAL. this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. pre-heat the when the CONVENTIONAL function. Notes the the information and shelf selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. cakes or cake the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too selecting higher If information of information the height of the item to to of browning the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the Instructions
Instructions Bread, PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL cake Sandcakes/ cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top C
Bread, PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL Wholemeal White Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. of or cake sheets Short Choux Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top FAN COOKING Shelf from Top C Instructions C
Instructions This to cake cooked through The cake properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when using ances. Next and increase the cooking
PIZZA BAKING CONVENTIONAL FAN COOKING Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top C Instructions Shelf from Top C
Instructions Roasting roasting, the FAN COOKING, ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL function. the when roasting! Roasting Dishes heat-resistant If the that the heat- roasted directly the or the shelf with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the Shelf Please the following the to
Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the CONVENTIONAL function meat, and other of meat the ROTITHERM function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to and cook other the the FAN COOKING function. The cooking the type and of the To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Meat, Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of Shelf tion from Top C or Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C Instructions C
Instructions Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM or or Yorkshire or Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher red. Shelf tion from Top C Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C C
Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or Partridge/ CONVENTIO- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING NAL Shelf tion from Top or or or or or or or or or or or Shelf tion from Top C C Instructions Shelf tion from Top C or
Instructions Poultry, steamed) Whole or Pre-heat food and shelf as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. CONVENTIO- Quantity ROTITHERM FAN COOKING NAL Shelf tion from Top or or or or Shelf tion from Top C C Shelf tion from Top C
the GRILL function with of 300C pre-heat the the GRILL function. It to the the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the Table The only and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Chops: whole trout/herring as required) Shelf Food from Top each
Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that and and the The bio-functions! roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function the when roasting! Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat- roasting without Shelf the from the top roasting. information Roasting Select high browning. Then to Notes the Roasting Table The roasting and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of meat, the the and roasting It to whole only. of the Once the the (Turn the of the The heat increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions meat as season, required, the ROTITHERM function. the to the the At the of the the to the roasting the Roasting Food to Meat of of of Poultry Breast Trout roasting of meat and roasting Browning C ROTITHERM Roasting C
Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function Yoghurt or of as yoghurt, cover or Shelf the the from the top Bring the to the the to to C. the the and cover. the the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the hours (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function dough. Yoghurt the dough that heat to C. Shelf the the from the top Cover the containing the dough with and the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to Instructions
Instructions Drying the FAN COOKING function Yoghurt Cover the or with grease-proof Shelf You to the or sheet the and from the top information pears, of quality! Mushrooms the or required, and the or the shelf or Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C. Turn the when when pressed. Food C Apple thick Mushrooms The the of the food. FAN COOKING
Defrosting the DEFROST function defrosting. defrosting the lighting switched the defrosting increase. Defrosting food plate and the plate the shelf. or to cover the food. plate or these increase the to the food. Shelf the shelf the from the top The of C the DEFROST function Notes the Defrosting Table The following information defrosting Defrosting Table Defrost and Meat, through, or cover with Defrost and Meat, through, or cover with Trout, Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered. Defrost uncovered Cream, whip Defrost uncovered. Defrosting Further Defrosting the Defrost and through, or covered with Instructions
Instructions Preserving the FAN COOKING function Preserving with and with screw or tops as Shelf the from the top Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the to that there the the the such that they each other. The should the amount and closed. Preserving and Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C as to the of the the of switch off the the to the closed further the of and Meat Select the FAN COOKING function and the to 160C as to the first the to C. to cook C Then switch off the and the to the closed further
Function PIZZA BAKING C FAN COOKING C CONVENTIONAL C ROTHITHERM C GRILL C BOTTOM HEAT C DEFROST C Instructions
Instructions Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. the of fronts, cleaners. These protective Lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning the clean each with and with Then the with cloth. with cleaner. Warning: reasons the with or high cleaner. please that follow the instructions! each (shelf, and to them to clean. Clean the and or washer. the of burnt with of dishwasher
The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing and the the coin). the of the forwards and the top. To the the top and the of the the Instructions
Instructions Light Warning the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover and clean. lighting, with V, C heat the cover. the cloth from the
Catalytic The with and back Catalytic cleaning and splashes of food and while the To this and to performance of the the wit- hout food, once the including the the C. Switch off the hour. Attention: cleaning of the recommended! or of used. of the This the and as optional Please to the chapter Assembly The of the to scratches! To the heater using force. to the the Section: Cleaning and Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
The cleaning. the the completely. the coloured both the around of the overcoming the of the of the with both the upwards heavy!) and from the the with the to scratches. the of the of the with both from the the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then Turn the both back their that the coloured upwards. the Instructions
Instructions The with three of these the other. The cleaning. Warning: the following the when from the the fitted, the reduc- tion the of the when the to the closing and creating the Top the and with the of the of the and the the of the free the the the and Removing the of the of the and the of the free the the the and the from the and right hand of the cleaning.
the the the and right of the of the of from the section the of the the of and the to the the Top the top of from the section the of the the of the the force of the front of the section the of the and the section The of securely! the Instructions
Instructions What to the heat whether the switched the the the child the the the If the please the lighting ceases to function? the light the Cleaning and If to these or to operating the service free, the warranty If this information with the please Warning! Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering customers should the section headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know, and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating plate the of the the Service and
Customer Service CUSTOMER SERVICE or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street SLI IDZ
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Conditions
The following from Catalysis KTU-LS, E.
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height 51L 230V 240V Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of the basic protection (EMC). This with the following EU 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Instructions
Instructions Instructions the of fire protection, this to type (IEC of this type to high or protection the installation. The which the the of DIN of This to the This when both and the the to the
Assembly Instructions
Instructions information
Instructions
Instructions Preparation,
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions The to to 230-240V electricity supply The easily which as follows. or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the to the specifications below.. PVC/PVC 20A and earth It necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC