COMPETENCE Built-In Instructions
Dear Customer, Please these operating instructions through please of the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to of the The warning and/or Warning! to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with cloverleaf. to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions of the Appliance Functions the first the Cleaning the first the the the Shelf and Universal Attaching/removing the Switching the On and the Function Switching Switching On and Checking Information the Function Countdown the and Roasting Meat,
Table Preserving Preserving Cleaning and The of the Appliance Performing and the Light What to Service and Customer Service Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The only assembled and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The features of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons clean the with or high cleaner. If force used, the of the front of the roasting and the become Therefore from the Overheated and catch fire quickly. Please to the when food or chips). Repairs to the service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of the malfunctioning: the or switch off the Instructions
Instructions This other than that the roasting and of food the the to food. the to heat the this with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the
Eco-Insulation the factory the with This insulation tested and sed as of the recycled. The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the of CFCs. The from of correctly of Warning! of off the catches to child- trapped Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance Function Selector and Function selecting the function. The function selected indicated the function Selector and selecting the The selected indicated the Clock Functions and the clock The or the the countdown displayed. The as as the switched Light The light while the heating and extinguishes when the selected reached. It then and off cooking to that the
Shelf There both of the each of these Please that the shelf counted from top to with to them pulled the the the rear. The with protects the the rear of the from the when food or using or Rotitherm. Instructions
Instructions The with the following shelf cake tins, roasts and items Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food
Functions The following the cooking to the C than heat. heater and of the used. the of the that the the continuously. The food heated from to and roasting Heat from and below. Rotitherm Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or This function gratin and browning The and this function cakes This function that and base, cheesecakes, C than heat. heat and the switched to the or toasting of foods, or toast. The heat the the of the The function self-cleaning This burns the to ash; once the cooled they then easily the performance of this function the heated to C. Instructions
Instructions the first the The the supply connected. You then first the If the the switched the Press the the within seconds the or tons. The appears the The ready the or than seconds, the to forwards or backwards the released this reach the If the isolated from the to the this the as the If to the the from to winter the the
Cleaning the first using the the first should clean thoroughly. accessory and and with the with and off the front of the with cloth only. On fronts, which the protective fingerprints. scouring cleaning The Instructions
Instructions the the the when roasting without covering roasting the of the the and the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards. the Shelf and Universal the right and This and Shelf the such that the upwards. The and the of the the Shelf and the and together, the the the
Attaching/removing the The easy of the and of the Attaching the the from the the slightly then There of burns! that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions Switching the On and To the Function and Selector to release them. The then the function turning the Function selector. The functions the the function selected. the turning the Selector. The the selected. The as as the tion. The light whilst the heating the reached, the light guishes. It then and off to that the maintained. To switch the off, turn the Function Selector and the Selector to the off the them.
the Function There of the function: Switch the switched and to to switch it off the right the clock to the or the of the cooking The then switches off automatically. Switching On and the morning or to the the and the of the The then switches the and switches off the of The cooking hour: COOK TIME The should ready END TIME The function selected or the function. Switching Select the function. Select the Press the COOK TIME the cooking within seconds using the and buttons. The AUTO and that the as the cooking the switches off matically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the turn the function and selectors to the off Instructions
Instructions Switching On and switching and off both the and the of the cooking Select the function. Select the Press the COOK TIME and, the and buttons, within seconds the cooking Press the END TIME and the and buttons, within seconds the when the to ready. Once the the shown the The AUTO and that the The switches the the cooking the switches off automatically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the the function and selectors to the off Checking Press the COOK TIME or "END TIME" The or the of the displayed tively. You the or the of the cooking the COOK TIME the cooking or the "END TIME" the of the cooking Within seconds the or the cooking or the of the to the
the COOK TIME the cooking Within seconds to using the Turn the function and the to the off Information the Function The COOK TIME that hours. Instructions
Instructions Countdown The countdown operates and therefore when the switched as as switched off. the Countdown Press the CLOCK C the within seconds the and buttons. the the count- expired, acoustic sounds Press the CLOCK C to switch off the the the Countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. the within seconds the or buttons. Switching the Countdown Early the CLOCK C the the countdown. Within seconds the to the Checking the Countdown seconds the countdown the the You the amount of the countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. The the countdown displayed. the The of the tone to tones. Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the
and the cooking or function when of and tional Light and cooking Shelf or should You to cooking Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the counted from top to cake the of the shelf. You or this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. preheat the when the tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. cakes or tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the
Bread, cake pound cake Sandcakes/ cake cake Christmas cake or Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top Instructions hours: C
Instructions Bread, Wholemeal White Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. of or cake sheets Short Choux Pre-Heat Select the to with, then the higher Shelf- from top C Shelf- from top cooking Shelf from Top C C hours:
This to cake cooked through The properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from top C Shelf from top C Shelf from top C
Roasting roasting, the cooking rotitherm or function. the when roasting! Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-resi- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or This the You of meat that should without If roasting the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to Instructions
Instructions Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking only. roasting meat and the from weight of the function meat, and other of meat the rotitherm function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. The cooking the type and of the To that from the burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Meat, roasting, Meat Rotitherm of Shelf tion from Top C or Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C C
Meat Rotitherm or or Yorkshire or Pre-Heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only red. Shelf tion from Top C Shelf tion from Top Shelf tion from Top C Instructions C
Instructions Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or Pheasant, Partridge/ Shelf tion from top or or5 or or or or or or4 or or or Shelf tion from top C C Rotitherm Shelf tion from top C or5
Poultry, steamed) Whole or Pre-Heat food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Quantity Shelf tion from top or or or or Shelf tion from top C C Instructions Rotitherm Shelf tion from top C
Instructions the function with of C pre-heat the the function It to the amounts the and the together amounts the and the together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top Notes the Table The and the type and of the or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Chops: whole trout/hering as required) Shelf Food from top Instructions each
Instructions Preserving the cooking function Preserving commercially with and with screw or tops as tins. Shelf the from the top Notes Preserving the There this to of capacity. of the to that there humidity. the the such that they each other. The should the amount and closed. Preserving and Select the cooking function and the to C as to the of the the of switch off the the to the closed further the of and Meat Select the cooking function and the to 160C as to the first the to C. to cook C Then switch off the and the to the closed further
Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. the of fronts, cleaners. These protective the each with and with the of The of unnecessary. If please that follow the instructions. Warning! The become self-cleaning. It therefore that to the performance of the completely including the Instructions
Instructions Select using the function selector. Turn the clockwise to the cleaning seconds and switches off hours Following of cleaning switches to the Once the cooled, with cloth. cleaning the and lighting The light continuously each (shelf, and to them to clean. Clean the and or washer. the of burnt with of dishwasher
Removing and the The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the upwards and the top To the the base, upwards and then the top Instructions
Instructions Light Warning: There of shock! the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean lighting with V, C heat light the cover. the cloth from the
The cleaning. the the completely. the both the around of the overcoming the of the of the with both the upwards heavy!) and from the the with the outer to scratches. the of the of the with both from the the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then Turn the both back their that the coloured upwards. the Instructions
Instructions The three the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following only when the unhinged! its hinges, the to the when the and the the and with the facing the screws the right and and the the of the and the the of the bot- and
the the of the and the the Gently the of the and off the the and right of the of to them. the the the and right of the the the the of the the and the of the as as Instructions
Instructions the the from centrally the the of the the and that the outer of the the the the and right that the each other the and right the of the the right and screws that the securely fitted! the back its hinges. The the completely reas- sembled.
What to the heat whether the switched the the the If the please the lighting to function? the light Cleaning and If to these or to operating the service free, the warranty If this information with the please Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force Instructions
Service and SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering should the section headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know, and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating the of the the
CUSTOMER SERVICE or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street SLI IDZ Customer Service
Conditions GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This such as light glassware, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS installation The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height Height 51L 230V 240V Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of the basic protection (EMC). This with the following EU 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions Instructions the of fire protection, this to type (IEC of this type to high or protection the installation. The which the the of DIN of This to the British This when both and the using the to the
Assembly Instructions
Instructions information
Instructions
Instructions Preparation,
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions The to connected to 230-240V electricity The easily which as follows. or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the below.. PVC/PVC 20A and earth It that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the earthed. The responsibility should these type
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC