COMPETENCE Instructions
Dear Customer, Please these operating instructions through please of the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to of the The and/or Warning! to highlight instructions that or the function of the It that these instructions This when operating the Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with cloverleaf. to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions Instructions of the Appliance Functions using the first the Cleaning the first the the Shelf and Attaching/removing the Switching the On and the Function Switching Switching On and Information the Function Countdown the and Roasting Meat, roasting,
Table Defrosting Defrosting Cleaning and The of the Appliance Light What to Service and Customer Service Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS Instructions The assembled and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that The of AEG comply with technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. other the with the of the the They when the switched reasons the with or high cleaner. If force used, the of the front of the roasting and the become Therefore children from the Overheated and catch fire Please to the when food or chips). Repairs to the only service repairs to If please AEG Service Force the of the malfunctioning: the or switch off the Instructions
Instructions This other than that the roasting and of food the the to food. the to heat the this with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each then to and become burnt the of that from the that the cakes. directly the The the food the
Eco-Insulation the factory the with This insulation tested and sed as of the The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the free of CFCs. The from of correctly of Warning! of off the catches to child- Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance Function Selector and Function selecting the function. The function selected indicated the function Selector and selecting the The selected indicated the Clock Functions and the clock The or the the countdown displayed. The as as the switched Light The light while the heating and extinguishes when the selected reached. It then and off cooking to that the
Shelf There both of the each of these shelf Please that the counted from top to with to them pulled the the the rear. The with protects the the of the from the when food or using or Rotitherm. Instructions
Instructions The with the following roasts and items Universal cakes, or as sheet or collecting with the as the amounts of food
Functions The following the cooking to the C than heat. heater and of the used. the of the that the the continuously. The food heated from Rotitherm Rotitherm to or roasting of meat or This function gratin and The and to the or toasting of foods, or toast. The heat the the of the Defrosting The defrosting function allows to to or to It foods, With this function, the without heat. Instructions
Instructions using the first the The the supply connected. You then first the If the the switched the Press the the within seconds the or tons. The appears the The ready the or than seconds, the to forwards or backwards the released this reach the If the isolated from the to the this the as the If to the the from to winter the the
Cleaning the first the the first should clean thor- oughly. You switch the light to cleaning Turn the function to lighting and the and with and the with and and Clean the front of the with cloth. fronts that the protective or cleaners! The Instructions
Instructions the the Shelf and Universal the right and This and wards. Shelf the shelf such that the upwards. The and the of the the Shelf and Sheet the and together, the shelf the the
Attaching/removing the The easy of the and of the Attaching the the from the the slightly then There of burns! that the securely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or Instructions
Instructions Switching the On and To the and Selector to release them. The then the function turning the Function The functions the the function selected. the turning the Selector. The the selected. The as as the tion. The light whilst the heating the reached, the light guishes. It then and off to that the maintained. To switch the off, the Function Selector and the Selector to the off the them.
the Function There of using the function: Switch the switched and to to switch off the right the clock to the or the of the cooking The then switches off automatically. Switching On and the morning or to the the and the of the cooking The then switches the and switches off the of The cooking hour: COOK TIME The should ready END TIME The function selected or the function. Switching Select the function. Select the Press the COOK TIME the cooking within seconds the and buttons. The AUTO and that the as the cooking the switches off matically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the turn the function and selectors to the off Instructions
Instructions Switching On and switching and off both the and the of the cooking the function. the Press the COOK TIME and, using the and buttons, within seconds the cooking Press the END TIME and the and buttons, within seconds the when the to ready. Once the the shown the The AUTO and that the The switches the the cooking the switches off automatically. The AUTO flashes and acoustic sounds Press the COOK TIME to switch off the Press the MANUAL The AUTO extinguishes. The to To switch off the the function and selectors to the off Checking Press the COOK TIME or "END TIME" The or the of the cooking tively. You the or the of the cooking the COOK TIME the cooking or using the "END TIME" the of the cooking Within seconds the or the cooking or the of the cooking to the
the COOK TIME the cooking Within seconds to using the Turn the function and the to the off Information the Function The COOK TIME that hours. Instructions
Instructions Countdown The countdown operates and therefore when the switched as as switched off. the Countdown Press the CLOCK C button. the within seconds the and buttons. the the count- expired, acoustic sounds Press the CLOCK C to switch off the the the Countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. the within seconds the or buttons. Switching the Countdown Early the CLOCK C the the countdown. Within seconds the to using the Checking the Countdown seconds the countdown the the You the amount of the countdown the CLOCK C the the countdown. The the countdown displayed. the The of the tone to tones. Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the Press the the tone sounds and release. The to the
and the cooking function when Light Shelf You to using cooking Shelf Shelf Position Shelf and Shelf and Instructions
Instructions information Please that the shelf counted from top to the of the shelf. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. cakes or tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of using the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of own information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of brown- themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the to
cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Bread, Shelf- from top Instructions C
Instructions Wholemeal White Pre-Heat Select the to with, then the higher required. This to cake cooked through The properly cooked through, Next cake or the The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, Bread, Shelf- from top the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking C
Apple cake and Apple charlotte 1)Pre-Heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only red. Shelf from top Instructions C
Instructions Roasting roasting, the cooking or rotitherm function. the when roasting! Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-resi- roasts roasted directly the meat or the with the meat roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to
Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The cooking roasting meat and the from of The cooking the type and of the meat. If roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the the rotitherm function. If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. Meat, roasting, of or Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top Instructions C
Instructions or Yorkshire or Pre-Heat rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Meat Rotitherm Shelf from Top C Shelf from Top C
Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or or or or or Partridge/ steamed) Whole or or or Rotitherm or or Shelf from Top C Instructions Shelf from Top C
Instructions Poultry, or hes food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Quantity Rotitherm Shelf tion from top C Shelf tion from top C
the function with of C pre-heat the using the function It to the amounts the and the together amounts the shelf and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the shelf from the top Notes the The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Table Chops: whole trout/hering (turn as Shelf Food from top each
Defrosting To food, the defrosting function 30C. Defrosting the food plate and the the only or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the Shelf the the from the top Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly Instructions
Instructions Cleaning and The of the Appliance the front of the with cloth and with cleaners or items. the of fronts, cleaners. These protective Lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning the each with and with Then the with cloth. with cleaner. Warning: clean the with or high reasons. using please that follow the instructions. Accessories each (shelf, and to them to clean.
The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing and the the from the the and the top. To the the top and the of the the base. Instructions
Instructions To the cleaning of the the Warning: the when the switched off and cold. Folding the Turn the of turn) the The heater force to the heater The heater off force used. the Press the heater upwards and the the that the heater the the the heater There of fire.
Light Warning: There of shock! the light the Switch off the the from the supply. the Light the Oven/Cleaning the cloth the of the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then lighting with V, C heat light the cover. the cloth from the Instructions
Instructions The cleaning. the the completely. the coloured both the around of the overcoming the of the of the with both the upwards and from the the with the outer to scratches. the of the of the with both from the the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then Turn the both back their that the upwards. the
The with of these the other. The cleaning. Warning: Please only the following the when from the the fitted, the reduction the of the when the to the closing and creating Removing the the and with the of the of the and the the of the free the the the and the the of from the section the the of the the force of the front of the section the of the and the section The of securely! the Instructions
Instructions What to the heat whether the switched the the If the please the lighting ceases to function? the light the Cleaning and If to these or to rectify the of the the of charge, the warranty If this information with the please Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning routed to the Service covering customers should the section headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and Telephone Clear and of the and of the found the rating This information found the rating the of the the Service and
Customer Service CUSTOMER SERVICE or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SLI IDZ
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This such as light or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Conditions
The following from KTU-LT, E. white white
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The to the instructions supplied. Technical Height 51L 230V 240V Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of the protection (EMC). This with the following EU 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Instructions
Instructions Instructions the of fire protection, this to type (IEC of this type to high or protection the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the the to the
Assembly Instructions
Instructions information
Instructions
Instructions Preparation,
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions The to connected to 230-240V electricity supply The easily which as follows. or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the below.. PVC/PVC 13A and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply earthed. The should these type
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC