Instruction IE GB
Information You MUST hese or the If Customer This to the British This heavy. when both and the using the to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the and Cleaning clean this with the instructions. The should build- of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to children
The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the instructions Instructions instructions operation and this instruction reference and to owner.
Information of the The Devices the first the first of the Functions the and The Selection" Function the and The The Defrosting Cleaning the of Something Service and Customer Conditions Technical Building
of the Grill/roasting Plate Cooling Light
Duration of The The the You of cooking function, cooking and the If the the cooking function which follows the selected. The The section of the information about the (the of the cooking the of cooking and shows the of the selected cooking or The section information about the selected cooking function, the selected and the the Functions The ON OFF Touch Functions Touch Selection Heat Function Touch Decreasing Touch or Increasing Touch or Function the of the the of or operation) about If within the cancelled. the restored, to the Clock Thermometer
The Devices The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself. the first the first connected to the supply, or when supply the section of the shows this WELCOME TO KRONOS BASIC DANSK DEUTSCH ENGLISH ESPANOL FRANCAIS  ITALIANO NEDERLANDS NORSK PORTUGUES SVENSKA  This the which chosen to with the flashing the "Clock that to the of using the To the of Touch the Function While flashes the "Clock the of touching or Once the the flashing seconds and then This that the the memory. The cooling The cooling operates through the and the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This
If flashing to the clock, the Function The flashing Then, as To Select the You choose the to the The OFF when carrying this operation. Touch the Function and the Selection the and them seconds least. The once and the shows the selection Within seconds, to Once seconds to selection touching the Function and the Selection the and them seconds least. Please that of this seconds to the following If than seconds the switches off and the selection its memory. follows the of DANSK DEUTSCH English ENGLISH Spanish ESPANOL FRANCAIS  ITALIANO Dutch NEDERLANDS NORSK PORTUGUES Swedish SVENSKA and
the first of the both and the The the of To switch the and off The switched cooking function or touched, the light switch The and the "LIGHT" appear the To switch off the cooking function or the light switch off and the the of only. first the should heated without food. this emitted. This and caused of the ventilated. the of with the "To the of Touch the "ON/OFF" to switch the Touch the and the function the to 250C
Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the function and the function Once this operation the cool then the cavity with cloth to which cooking the first the To Function Switch the touching the "ON/ OFF" Touch the to the function. touched, cooking appears the section of the and the of the cooking function appears as the section. The each function shown the section, and flashes the right flashing that it to the touching or Please that seconds. seconds showing that the the memory. The thermometer indicating the to which the currently heated.
the reached, acoustic sound and the thermometer light permanently. To the and and to both the and the about them to the functions of the the following please that: and to increase or the while flashes the right of the choose cooking function, flashing seconds only. This the to or and Once these seconds and the thermometer this that the selection the memory and that the currently heating and to increase or the while the flashing near the "Clock" the the Duration" or the choose function, flashing seconds only. This the to or and Once these seconds flashing: this that the selection the memory.
Functions The following displays the cooking cooking This allows to or and using shelf, without 175C cooking The heat from both the top and heating the 200C It 250C Thermal This function offers of cooking food items, normally associated with The and the together, around the food. 180C Select of 200C. The heat to the of or while the to cook the or 175C The Recommended 250C The heat from the of the only, to allow to dishes. 250C Top The heat from the top of the only, to allow to dishes. 250C Defrost The operates without heat and the the This function defrosting food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products.
the to the the Function" The flashes the and the shows seconds. Within this to the hours another seconds the the flashing. This that the the memory and that the countdown started. the hear acoustic while flashes and the shows To switch off the acoustic The NOT switch off The function when the off. To the Touch the Function" the flashes near the It to the touching or To the Touch function the flashes the Then the shows
To the to switch off Switch the food the cooking function and the cooking required. Touch the Function" The flashes the Duration" The shows the and the of the right seconds. Within this to the hours that the the right as showing which the switch off another seconds the the flashing. This that the the memory and that the countdown started. cooking the switches off. You hear acoustic while flashes and the shows To switch off the acoustic To the Duration Touch function the flashes near the Duration" Then the shows Please that, the Duration", the switch off.
To the to switch and off Carry the Duration" as to the chapter. Touch the Function" the flashes the of Within seconds, to the of cooking which shown the right of the another seconds the the flashing, the thermometer off, the shows and the switches off. This that the the memory and that the countdown started. The switch and off to cooking completed, hear acoustic while both and flash. The shows the hand. To switch off the acoustic To the the Duration as the of the chapter.
and Functions Cut-Off Function The switch off of to the below If the switch off: 250C hours from to 245C hours from to 195C hours hours than 120C Child Function To switching the to the If the switch off touching the "ON/OFF" Press and the and them about seconds. The once and the SAFE appears the The locked. Neither selected. To the Press and the and them about seconds. The once and the SAFE off. The operated.
Heat function cooking function selected and the the cavity heat the selected reached. This from to selected function and If to reach the shorter the heat function used. Switch the touching the "ON/ OFF" the function and as the previous the touching or the Heat Function" The shows FHU If the Function" the to the selected and flashes seconds this the touching or the reached, the and the to the selected This function with cooking function or
Heat Function Duration the heating of the off the of the and the the heat to without the Duration This function when the Duration than This to the to the functionality with- the To this function the should off. Press and the seconds The once. to switch the the "DEMO" appears the section of the You then cooking function, the heat The thermometer To the Press to switch off the then and the seconds. The once and the ready to
You choose to The each that touched. To this function, the off. Press and the about seconds. The once To the Function: If the to switch off. Press and the about seconds. The once The of the If correct, the the activated and the displayed. The Selection" Function the memory to allow to cook cooking and cooking The the of the following To choose Touch the ON/OFF to switch the Touch the Selection Function" the section of the the of the and the Duration" This that cooking already the memory. The section the of the cooking function and the cooking the right of the
flashing that to the touching or Please that seconds. seconds showing that the the memory. The thermometer indicating the to which the currently heated. The section of the the cooking the hand and the of cooking the right hand If both the cooking and the of cooking Follow the instructions the previous cooking the switches off. You hear acoustic while flashes and the shows To switch off the acoustic You the of the touching You the Heat function once selected with the Selection" function. Function cooking 175C hour 200C 175C hour 160C hours 160C hours 190C Gratin 180C 190C Apple 175C 160C
the cook with the closed. The heating when the completely closed. clear when the The four and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. Attention! the and of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the which the
and and Steam The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This absolutely back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then to each of the cookware which withstand of 250C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and
The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, glassware and bright reduce cooking and with and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning. To the catch the its
The using this heat from both the top and This allows to cook and which such as and Gratins, and which top browning cook the This of cooking the to cook without the operation. to the Switch the touching the "ON/ OFF" Select the Function touching the the appears the If using or This function when It to off or to the cooked through. 250C. Top only This function to off or to the top cooked through. 250C. THINGS TO NOTE the cooling the as the function. CONVENTIONAL OVEN FUNCTION SYMBOL PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 200C TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 30C 250C
and The allows the heat To increase the To increase top browning, the shelf The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning, while or polished the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and preheating the Heat-Up Function. cooking If than cooking the function.
The The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function Preheating the reaches to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating This that batches of the food cooked the the the top slightly than the This There of dishes. Switch the touching the "ON/ OFF" Touch the and the function If using or TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 30C 250C FAN OVEN FUNCTION SYMBOL PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 175C
THINGS TO NOTE The light when the switched The cooling It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the only and Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the shelf this rather than the base, to allow around the food. the of the food, of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of and cooked, they ready The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the 10C necessary. to reduce about C The meat should heated hotplate or as this the to crack. The and cooking chart as only. It to increase or the to to the If to cook than the that the of the to of dishes.
Chart- and the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH CAKES and cake Shortbread dough and cake cake cake Apple and cake and cake cake and Christmas cake cake cake and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and If to cook than the to them the Shelf counted from of the C C NOTES
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the How to the Switch the touching the "ON/OFF Select the function touching the the appears the If using or the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. to the The heat to the of the the cooking to Switch the touching the "ON/OFF Select the touching the the appears the DOUBLE GRILL FUNCTION SYMBOL PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 250C TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 200C 250C GRILL ELEMENT SYMBOL PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 250C TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 200C 250C
If or the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. to the Thermal Thermal offers of food items normally associated with The and the alternately, around the food. The to and the food reduced. Thermal to cooking the With the of and thermally the foods normally cook therefore food to cook with thermal with One of the that cooked the Switch the touching the "ON/OFF" OI THERMAL GRILLING PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 180C TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 30C 250C DO NOT EXCEED 200C
Select the Thermal Function touching the the appears the If necessary, or to the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast Thermal (Select of 200C) TYPE OF DISH Quantity Shelf C Food should turned cooking these as The as and should to Quantity C and the as and lightly with or to them to cooking below these slightly the thickness and of food cooked. the below include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about
The heat to the of or while the to cook the or To the the Switch the touching the "ON/OFF" Select the Function touching the Functions the appears the If necessary, or to the the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH C or The as and should to TEMPERATURE SELECTION: 30C 250C function PIZZA OVEN FUNCTION SYMBOL PRE-SET TEMPERATURE: 175C NOTES
Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of please that the of the influence the of This function defrosting food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. to Defrosting Switch the touching the "ON/OFF" Select the Defrosting Function touching the the appears the and food with or to ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this DEFROSTING FUNCTION SYMBOL TEMPERATURE SETTING CANNOT BE CHANGED
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should clean build-up of or other fire, the Cleaning cleaning that they and that their the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and using Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to
DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. DO NOT to and Shelf Supports To the shelves, and with and with cloth. The shelf easy cleaning. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the with the other the and off the once the cleaning the shelf following the Please, the when the
of Catalytic splashes of food and when the to around 220C. To this to the hour or without food, to performance from the Catalytic and cleaning of the Catalytic recommended. cleaners and other used. and polishing of the Catalytic This the Catalytic Follow the to reduce to reduce the recommended Higher roasting increase cooking to increased of and often the or when roasting meat; only with the roasting increase splashing and It NOT to to the meat when roasting. The and the from the as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow browning, required. and this of allowing the to cook through the overbrowned. the roasting roasting, the from the beneath the and therefore from the 'Catalytic' the Light If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply.
Cleaning the The following instructions to the as the If please that the to the right or to switched. With the right hand, the perforated (A) while with the off the B of the the the right to release and then the A from C. the D with the and the C off from its that D to from the D tightly with both and from its upwards. C C
Tightly with both the E and from its upwards. the the and the to clean the only and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the cleaning, the back their To correctly mount the E (without the the white the should appear the top right of the To correctly mount the D (with the the with to the that, when touching the sight, the light roughness of the the back, C its and, then: the right of the A the located C. the of the A the located B. B its and the assembly and C
or to the and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the The The of the round the of the cavity. the of this If necessary, clean without cleaning products. If the shows to Service the repaired.
Something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force SYMPTOM The The light It too to the or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The "POBERR appears the The shows If these correctly, Service Force Please that it necessary to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. SOLUTION Touch the OVEN ON then cooking function. the and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Switch the using the light and the Light"). The to the cooking function sections and to cooking chart provided. the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back of the and authorised Service the of chapter "To the of
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following information: and telephone Clear and of the The and the rating the back of this instruction of purchase Customer concerning and further information products, Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height of the cavity capacity thermostat from 50C to 250C This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive); Directive); Directives) and Heating rating heating Top heating Covection function light Convection Cooling rating
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: L- or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F
It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth The and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
AEG D-90327 From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl