COMPETENCE B1180-4 Built-In information
Customer, Please this user information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first and the Initial the Switching the On and Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Roasting Table: Meat, roasting, gratin. Defrosting. Defrosting Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting. Roof.
What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds age the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance
Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating shelf Clock function buttons lighting heating
Accessories Shelf dishes, cake tins, items roasting and with the as lecting the amounts of food
using the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To the that already the Selection ton repeatedly, the function flashes. the the or seconds, the flash- and the clock displays the of The ready to The of the or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front commercially cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the OFF Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. Ventitherm Operated Defrosting to three shelves the the C than when using Con- defrosting and or other foods food items and toasting top heat
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and the release the tly and then of the release Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Clock Functions Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock and the cooking the function and back to the OFF Function Function
Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press button to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the tion flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
and combined and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cooking this
and function: Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated bright With Ventitherm Operated to the trays: and trays: and
instructions With Ventitherm Operated cakes the to each other the shelf. This significantly increase the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and required, or the too higher If the the that If cakes or than and first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat Bread, Ventitherm Operated Shelf- C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Shelf from C
The cake enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked within the cake shelf too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ too Shorten Dough/mixture tributed too slightly higher to using and increase the dough/mixture the
Apple cake and Apple Pre-heat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C
Roasting function: Ventitherm Operated Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cook- This roasting Switch off the to the of the cook- to the heat.
Meat, roasting, of Yorkshire Pre-Heat Meat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C
Lancashire, Meat Loaf Poultry or or or or steamed) Whole or Poultry, Ventitherm Operated Shelf C
Defrosting function: Defrosting Unpack the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting the the from the bot- Defrosting through the Meat, through the Meat, Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Food Further frosting the through the
function: with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to clean off and allowed to To the switch the light every the with of and allow to with cleaner. Warning: If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the Repositioning the heating the heating back the roof. the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and curely both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with mounted the other. The cleaning. the following with the If the while the attached, the to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to the from the the and, with the the top neath, and the the the and Clean the the to the the from the section of the which the located the the the the and front of the the of the then the The attached! the to the
What to The heat The switched The lighting operating If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The the houses the tripped The Switch the the If the please fied
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the tic the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type 15A 20A
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 246-A-101104-01