COMPETENCE B1100-2 The Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the the of technical please CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTRE and telephone found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed acting
of the Appliance the the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and with the Clock Switching the and Table Roasting Roasting Table Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting Cleaning the
What to Technical Regulations, Directives Service
The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance
The from the rectly upwards the the rear of the cooking Combination dishes, cake items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as sheet or collecting
the the The when the The function the connected to the or following buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To clean fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the off Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off the to cool the and then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following lighting With this function the interior, clean- The heating and roasting The heating Top heat cakes, and The top heating heat and browning with The heating foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the shelf and the and together, the the the
Working with the Clock The clock the following Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the Press and buttons the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic
Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this
TIME The neither of the (cook or Press selection repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
and function Coated and of heat. Shelf with Shelf Shelf
information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. You with cake with this the the shelf. The cooking increased slightly. Notes the the information cooking and selection of dishes. The and cooking these the and cake used. the first the and only increased or the cooking too higher If information of information cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the with
Table cake Ring-shaped cake cake Shortcrust and Plaited initially ............................................then cake cake sugar-topped cakes (with yeast dough/sponge base) shortcrust with cheesecream) (with (thin) of cake or Shelf tion from C
or Shortcrust Meringues with yeast dough with Pre-heat the the or the of cake or Shelf tion from C
The cake cooked the The the too too to higher too the cake shelf too high to too Increase cooking reduced using higher cooking Too Next that beaten the the of when food-processor too cooking too high and cooking too the too to higher to and increase cooking
Roasting function roasting. roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that they heat-resistant. roasted directly the or the with the below of that of meat should roasted with marinated this the meat its to roasting of without and meat of The roasting! Shelf Please the following the to used. Notes the roasting Information the cooking and shelf of The information roasting meat and with of the To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and cooking with the This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting Table of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Chop, Meat of (pre-cooked) of of of of to of of of of meat Quantity Shelf from C Hrs.:Mins.
Poultry Poultry (steaming) Whole Pre-heat the of meat Quantity Shelf from C Hrs.:Mins.
To the function or with with the closed. pre-heat the the tions the and together Shelf foods should the shelf from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or of meat and Turn the food through Table of of Toast Toast with the together with the Shelf Food from
Preserving the heat function. Preserving only of the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the shelf from the Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving The stated and only. Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, Preserves Preserving Mins. C cooking 100C switched off
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
Cleaning the The heating to to clean the the heating Warning: the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and it the the The heating correctly and both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following when the hinged! its hinges, the to the when the and injury. force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the base. the the and the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The heat The lighting the light The light faulty. Cleaning and If to the with the please or AEG Service Force Warning: Repairs to the only service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the improperly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty to the front of the the or shortly roasting or Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the the or If the or the please
Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN and DIN relating to the operating of household EN EN EN EN relating to basic tection (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Index heat C Cleaning cleaning Clock cook countdown the Combination shelf Customer service of the light Repairs Shelf Shelf Switching off the and Top heat Universal the What to
Service The section "What that yourself. there first technical Then service and phone found "Customer Service the to the and whether service necessary. Please of the wing information as as What the what the to the that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC the warranty the using the section "What to the service to with the information his and therefore, to These as
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 679-A-040901-04 to without