COMPETENCE B3150-4 information
customer, Please this Information and to to this Information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning: Notes that Attention: Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial the Switching the On and the Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Grease Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Defrosting. Defrosting Drying Preserves Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting.
What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function buttons
Shelf shelf cookware, roasts and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as collecting Top heat and heating lighting heating Heat
the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Selection ton repeatedly the function flashes. the or the seconds, the flash- and the clock the The ready to The function or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following Heating function Application Light this function light the cleaning. cooking to three the the C than when Con- Gusto that and the C than when Con- and roasting heat cakes with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods the of the and toasting and toasting Rotitherm roasting of or The function and Rear heating heat, heating Top heat, bottomheat heat top heat top heat,
the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the lected the shelf: the shelf that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and roasting together the shelf the roasting the roasting the of the selected
Inserting/Removing the Grease the grease when roasting to the rear heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the also section the First
How to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the using the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock functions and the cooking completed, the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes Switching the the reappears the The switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press the Selection peatedly the function tor Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown lights the the function flashes and sounds The
Press the Selection peatedly the function tor flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the button.
Press the Selection peatedly the function tor flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
and combined and the to switched and off the function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this
and function: cooking or and cooking bright with With cooking to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or cooking with to another the the This significantly increase foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the trays cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous ance. cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or cooking cakes cooking cooking cake cooking Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with with yeast dough/ of function cooking cooking cooking cooking C
with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of top- (thin cooking cooking (CH) cooking Short cooking whirls cooking whirls with with white, cooking with yeast dough cooking cooking cooking cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function cooking cooking cooking cooking C
than Cakes/pastries/breads cake cakes/pastries/rolls Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the of cooking cooking Shelf from C
The cake enough The cake too too higher. too high and too cook the too high slightly too higher Too the too shorter Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease to using and the the
Gusto (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the Table and Gratins topped with cooking cooking Pre-heat the of Shelf C Shelf Dish function cooking C
Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking cooking C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as facturers structions as structions
Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat.
Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction tional of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of to of tional of tional of tional C
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Whole tional Pre-heat the C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the shelf the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of meat or of Toast Toast with pre-heat Food to
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the bot- Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: cooking shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, cleaning Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, the light the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If using please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the washer. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The shelf the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
The heating to to clean the the heating Warning: the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the shelf The heating correctly and curely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing thing and to scratch-
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards
of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then
the From the the the of the and of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped
the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched The lighting operating If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light Switch the the the If the please fied the
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the and the from the
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they with from the
Guarantee/Customer Service Ausland Further service overseas these countries Please further service as
U.A.E. Universal P.O. Service East The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. Sons P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. LV-1012 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct Phone: ARIAN International AEG as Showroom: Service:
Service Street New Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT 49A/B, Unit S.R.O. ELECTROLUX SPOTEBIE CZ DIVIZE ELECTROLUX S.R.O. Customer Co D.O.O. South Africa AEG (Pty) P.O.
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506
www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating tions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
to without 872-A-291106-01