B3150-5 Built-In
Dear Customer choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and technology. that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting
What to Installation Instructions information the Conditions Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, browning of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and browning foods too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Appliance
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function buttons
Shelf cookware, cake roasts and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as lecting Top heat and heating of the Appliance lighting heating Heat
the first the first and the The operates when the the to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The function or
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The aged. To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the first
the the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To turn the off, the and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating that and the C than when and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods the of the and toasting and toast- Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and to three the the C than when using the
the the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the shelf to cookware from the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the the when roasting to the heating from splashes. the the the and the mounts the the rear of the the the the and the
the Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the
to the clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the to the The function and selected or the clock functions and the cooking completed, the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes Switching the the reappears the The switched off of the clock or Countdown the
the Countdown Press the Selection repeatedly the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown lights the the function flashes and sounds The pressing
Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the pressing the
the Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
and and the to switched and off the function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this the
and and function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the shelf the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the amount and the type of the the first and then browning required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and cake or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
than Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating C Shelf from and
and The cake enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the too high slightly too higher Too the to chines too distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and
Table (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C and
and Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating with heating C C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and weighing and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of C
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the and C Hours
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the collecting the the first shelf from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and plate the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the frosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting defrosting the Turn through and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Cleaning and Warning switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or movers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions actly. (shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Cleaning and
Cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant lighting. the cover.
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as it the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It the with the outer something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion
of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then the back From the the the of the and Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped
the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
What to What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the tions, please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the the the If the please
The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the it of To this, the from the and the from the
Instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they with from the
Instructions
Instructions
Conditions Ausland Further service overseas these countries Please further service as Conditions
Customer Service Customer Service ELECTRICITY ELECTRONIC SERVICES-EVIS LTD.
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 041-M-261107-01