COMPETENCE B1100-3 Instructions
customer, Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to the of technical please tomer service and telephone found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed Thinking acting
of the Appliance Features. the the Initial Cleaning. the Switching the On and the Shelf and Universal Clock Functions Switching the and Roasting Roasting Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting.
What to Technical Regulations, Directives Service
The only connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the only specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance
Shelf Functions Top heat and heating shelf Light Clock function buttons lighting Heat
Combination dishes, items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as sheet or collecting
the the The function the The function the connected to the or following the or to the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the Cooling the switched the to the the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off. Functions Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the interior, clean- The heating or roasting The heating Top Heat foods topped with and foods cooked The top heating Heat that The heating foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating of such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating
the Shelf and the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the rear of the shelf and the and together, the the the
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the
information Once function selected the function seconds. this the the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic pressing The function and selected or the clock cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the Press and buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeated- the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic
Press selection repeated- the cook function flashes. or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function illuminated. the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. this
The of the functions (cook or Press selection repeated- the function tor flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
and function Coated and of heat. Shelf with shelf Shelf Shelf
information count the from the upwards with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. You with with this the cake the shelf. The increased only slightly. foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes the the information cooking and selection of dishes. The and these the and used. the first the and increased or the cooking too higher If information of own information cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the with
cake Ring-shaped cakes cake cake Shortcrust and Plaited initially .......................................then cake cake topped cakes (with yeast dough/ base) shortcrust with cheesecream) (with (thin) or Shelf of cake or C
Shortcrust Meringues with yeast dough with Pre-heat the the or the The cake cooked the The the too too to higher too Shelf of cake or the cake too high to too Increase cooking reduced higher cooking Too Next that beaten the the of when food-processor too cooking too high and cooking too the too to higher C to and increase cooking
Roasting function roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that they heat-resistant. roasted directly the or the shelf with the below of that of should roasted with marinated meat.) this the meat its to roasting of meat without and meat of The roasting! Shelf Please the following the shelf to used. Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The information roasting meat and with of the To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and cooking with the meat This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting of thick- or of thick- of thick- of thick- Chop, Meat of (pre-cooked) of of of of to of of of of meat Shelf from C Hrs.:Mins.
Poultry Poultry (steaming) Whole Pre-heat the of meat Shelf from C Hrs.:Mins.
To the function or with with the closed. pre-heat the using the tions the and together Shelf foods should the from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or of and Turn the food through of of Toast Toast with the together with the Shelf Food from
Preserving the heat function Preserving that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving Table The and Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, C Preserves C Mins. with switched off
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
The heating to to clean the Folding the heating Warning: the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The to each other. The plate cleaning. the following with the If the while the attached, the to and Rough of the the of the front to Removing the from the the and, with the the top plate neath, and the the free. the and Cleaning the the to the the plate the the the the the the and front of the the of the then the The tached! the to the
What to The heat The switched The lighting If to the with the please or AEG Service Force Warning: Repairs to the only service inexperienced serious to the If the improperly, the service or that of the free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to Symptom The the The The the household tripped or the The light faulty. Switch the the the or If the or the please the light Cleaning and
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN EN EN EN relating to protection (EMC). This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
C Cleaning cleaning light Clock cook countdown the Clock Functions Combination shelf of the light Preserving Preserving Repairs Shelf Shelf Switching off the and the What to
Service the What to section of malfunctions that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC: S-No: the warranty the using the section What to the service technician to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to These as scribed
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 422-A-130503-01