COMPETENCE B1100-1 The built-in Instructions
customer, Please these operating instructions please the "Safety" section the first Please these operating instructions reference and them to owners of the The warning and/or Warning! highlight information that or the function of the It that this information This through the of the ance. This information and the and information about the and of the with the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section "What to the of technical please CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTRE and telephone found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed acting
Instructions Eco-insulation Appliance Assembly Clock Functions Functions the the the Initial Cleaning the Positioning the Shelf Unit and the Universal Switching the On and the Function Countdown and Roasting Roasting Table Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Light
What to Technical Regulations, Directives Service
Instructions The and of the only Where the warranty apply this instruction to. The of AEG comply with technical and the covering as responsibility to with the following instructions. when to to the allow leads to with or to catch beneath the the They when the switched reasons cleaning the with cleaner or high-pressure force, the of the front the of or the becomes as the of the heating and cloth or and every to burns. this reason children from the Overheated and catch fire the when food or chips). containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the that the cooked item the with the closed and the turned off about to cool. Repairs to the only Improperly effected repairs to the If please service or If the malfunctions: or switch off.
This to frying and food the and other the to food. the as heater. To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Clean the each This the to and them burnt from that from that cakes, the directly the The aged. the food the
of recycled. The from Plastics as follows: >PE< polythene, as the covering and the >PS< expanded the It CFC-free. back free of charge. of To the it that of the This to and apply to the when required. Warning of them the from the and the lead. This children life-threatening when The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or You the to AEG they of the Eco-insulation The with This tion tested and classified
Appliance Assembly functions Rotary switch selecting the function. selection Rotary switch selecting the The as as the or switched light The light while the and once the reached. Clock functions and the clock The or played the
Clock Functions clock which the the countdown as or and roasting the The shown the other clock function selected. Countdown the countdown function of hours The countdown function and the operation of the the cook and functions the clock that the switches or and then off.
Shelf There shelf both of the with tions which to the with to them pulled of the tentionally. the the to the of the Steam from the below the Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the The switches as as the switched Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically.
The following with the Combination dishes, items roasting and cakes, roasts or or as to catch Functions The the following and roasting Heat from and below. or toasting foods, such as or toast. The heat from the the
the First the The when the the supply switched or the function flashes the clock buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the the The ready
the Press the function flashes the clock buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the the The The when function (cook or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. You switch the light to cleaning the selection switch to and the and them with and Then the and and off the front of the with cloth only. To fronts commercially cleaning that protective to cleaners! The
the Positioning the Shelf Unit and the the and right. This as and the shelf with both upwards. The and to the of the the and the and together, the the the
Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The as as the or switched The light when the heating and once the reached. To switch the off the switch and the selection switch back to
the Function The function and selected or the function. You the following the cook function the which the to pressing the the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds. The to showing the The cook function and the to once. the cooking the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to the finished cooking the function and switch back to
the function the to switch off automatically. the the function flashes. the or the which the to switch off. seconds. The to showing the The function and the to once. the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to the finished cooking the function and switch back to
and combined and the to switch and off the cook function the which the to cook. this hour. the function the which the should this The cook and function and the displayed the this The switch cally the this switch off when the expired. finished cooking the function and switch back to
Countdown At the of the countdown acoustic sound. the countdown function flashes. buttons or the countdown. hours and seconds. The The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to the
and Coated and of heat. Shelf with heat shelf cake Shelf Shelf
information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! the of the shelf. You with cake with tional heat. this the cake the shelf. The cooking then slightly Instructions the the information cooking and selection of dishes. the and cooking these the and used. the first the and only necessary, increased or the cooking too selecting higher If information of own information from Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the with
Ring-shaped cake Shortcrust Apple Cheesecake Yeast initially ............................................then sugar-topped cakes (with yeast dough/sponge base) with shortcrust with (with of or Shelf from bot- tom C
(thin) or Shortbread Meringues with yeast with Pre-heat the the or the of or Shelf from bot- tom C
To cooked through The cake properly cooked through, The cake the with cooked through the highest of the If the clean, switch off the and the heat. Next that the beaten the of when food-proc- Next cake or the cake lower. Next and increase the cooking
Roasting roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that they heat-resistant. roasted directly the or the with below of that of meat should roasted with marinated This the meat its to roasting of meat without and meat of If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to used. Notes the roasting the information cooking and shelf of meat. The cooking only. that meat and with weight of should or the The cooking the type and of the meat. To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the to of the heat.
Roasting thick- or thick- thick- thick- Chop, Meat (pre-cooked) of of of Whole of to or of of of Meat Shelf tion from C Hours:Mins.
Poultry of Whole Pre-heat the of Meat Shelf tion from C Hours:Mins.
To the function with preheat the with the function the and together Shelf foods should the shelf from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or of meat and Turn the food through Warning with the closed. of of of Toast Toast with the together with the shelf Shelf of Food from
Cleaning and of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. You cleaning fronts. They to lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning Every the with and to which of Then the with cloth. stubborn with cleaner. Warning reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure follow the instructions when Accessories each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the when the that the rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Light Warning of shock! to the light: Switch off the or switch off the the the light bulb/cleaning the the right cloth the of the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then with V, C heat-resistant lighting the cover. the cloth from the
The to to the Folding the Warning The only when the switched off and there of burnt. the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the the heating back directly beneath the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely the the of the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. Completely back the coloured both the with both the it about its the from the the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the the both then the
The furnished with or three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following only when the its hinges, the to the when the and injury. the the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the the the and Removing the (only with front) the of the and the tion of the it free the the the and Clean the
the (only with front) the from the section of the which the located the and the the as as the There the The that the the front from when the the from the section of the which the located the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to the cooking whether the switched the the household tripped. the heat whether the switched the the the the household tripped. If the please the lighting the light the Cleaning and Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. If service to these or caused incorrect operation of the the service free of charge, the Should reading this information, please or service. Warning: Repairs to the should fied specialists. Improperly effected repairs to the If please or service.
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and DIN relating to the operating of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic tection (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
C Cleaning light shelf Cleaning Clock cook countdown Combination Customer service features light Repairs the the Shelf Shelf Shelf Steam and selection switch Universal the Warranty
Service The section "What that yourself. there first technical Then service and phone found "Customer Service the to the and whether service necessary. Please of the wing information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC the warranty the the section "What to the service to because with the information his and therefore, to These as
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG -NO-