B3101-5 Built-In
Customer choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance using the first and the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and the Roasting Non-stick Clock Functions Switching the and Roasting Meat, roasting, Defrosting Defrosting Drying
Cleaning and of the Non-stick Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service and
Instructions instructions This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Service Force Child children when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This age to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function buttons
of the of the coated coating). Shelf of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the recommended shelves and cooking the dishes. Top heat and heating shelf lighting heating
non-stick cookware, cake and foods. the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as lecting
the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To the that already the Selection repeated- the function flashes. the the or ton. seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The of the functions or
Initial Cleaning You should the the first cleaners! The aged. To the of the cloth with to which or specifically this To the or the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and the of the the and allow to the front of the with cloth.
the The with buttons and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Functions Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Light
Functions The the following function Light With this function light the cleaning. Convection with heating Defrost defrosting and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toast- Rotitherm roasting of meat or shelf. The function and to three shelves the the C than when using
the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
the shelf and the together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of meat or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and toasting. Non-stick To that this accessory and permanently easy to clean, should follow these instructions: the without cooking as the overheating.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the operation of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
to the clock function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock functions and the cooking the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the the becomes Switching the the reappears the The only switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeatedly, the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the
Press Selection repeatedly, the function flash- the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
and and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the this
and function: Convection with heating Convection with heating bright With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and
instructions With with heating the to each other the shelf. This nificantly increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and required, or the too higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake cake Christmas sheets Short Apple Choux cakes Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat Bread, Shelf- Convection with heating C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating Hours: Shelf from C
The cake enough the The cake (becomes too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/mix- too Shorten Dough/mixture too slightly higher to chines and crease the dough/mixture the
Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat Convection with heating Shelf C
Roasting function: Convection with heating or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat.
Meat, roasting, of Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Yorkshire Convection with heating Convection with heating Rotitherm Rotitherm Preheat Shelf Meat function Rotitherm C
Poultry, Convection with heating Lancashire Convection with heating Convection with heating Meat Loaf Rotitherm Poultry Rotitherm Rotitherm Pheasant, steamed) Whole Shelf function Convection with heating Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Convection with heating Rotitherm C
Poultry, Rotitherm Quantity Shelf function Convection with heating C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the shelf the recommended shelf the collecting the the first shelf from the The only. of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and it plate the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the the from the Defrosting Meat, through the Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrosting Food Further defrosting the through the
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Cleaning and Warning switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Cleaning The that coating self-cleaning. They splashes of while the To this self-cleaning process, heating the without food To the switch the light items from the the with and then the to C. Switch the off hour. the cooled cold, off with or cleaners. or oth- cleaning Doing the the coating slightly. This its
each and to them to clean. Non-stick Clean with or cloth and Bright the coating that the or scouring cleaning cleaners, or such as or scrapers. These the coating. these the dishwasher. The would as
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
cleaning of the interior, the off its the from its the as as it the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the oth- cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards.
of the their the other and them of the them Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the bot- of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the
On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the cooler the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The the the tripped The faulty. the If the please
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. UK only PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these meas- type 15A 20A
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys ty. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland Service and
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without 883-M-151107-01