B3301-5 Built-In
Dear Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and technology. that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Shelf the first and the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves
Cleaning and of the Shelf Shelf Cleaning the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, because of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, cially products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions of the Appliance Clock function
of the Appliance Shelf of On the of the the of the shelves. Top heat and heating lighting Heat
shelf cookware, cake roasts and foods. cakes and Shelf with of the Appliance
the first the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The only function or
Initial Cleaning using the the first should it thoroughly. or cleaners. The aged. To fronts cleaning the to Light and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the shelf supplied, as the chapter Cleaning and the first
the the The with buttons and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the cleaning. Fan-assisted and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods the of the and toasting and toast- Rothitherm roasting of meat or The function and to the C than when using the
the the Shelf and the the the of the selected that the the front the the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the shelf and the together: the the the and the the of the selected that the of the the front the To to the when to the the the back, as as the and then the the front.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First the
the to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the using the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the to the The function and selected or the clock and the cooking completed, the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes Switching the the reappears the The switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press the Selection repeatedly the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown lights the the function flashes and sounds The the
the Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the the
the and combined and the to switched and off the function, the cooking the this the function, the which the should ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this
and function: Fan-assisted or and Fan-assisted bright with With Fan-assisted cakes and the cake trays: and and
and Instructions With or Fan-assisted with to another the the This significantly increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of cake the the first and then browning required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of browning as or to previous cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or Fan-assisted Fan-assisted cake Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Fan-assisted with Fan-assisted with yeast dough/sponge with yeast dough/sponge with Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted Fan-assisted and C
and Yeast with top- cream, (with of (thin (CH) Short Fan-assisted Short Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls with with with white, Fan-assisted with yeast Fan-assisted Fan-assisted cakes Fan-assisted cakes Fan-assisted Pre-heat the Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted C
The cake enough the The cake (becomes too too higher too high and too within the Table and Gratins topped with Rothitherm Rothitherm Pre-heat the cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher Shelf function Rothitherm and and C
and Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn chips or cooking Rothitherm C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Rothitherm roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The meat of that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Shelf of Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness and C
and Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Rothitherm Chop, Rothitherm Meat Rothitherm Rothitherm cooked) Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of Poultry Poultry Rothitherm each Rothitherm each Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the the first from the The of or of Toast Toast with pre-heat Food to and
and Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Dish defrosting the Turn through
Drying function: Fan-assisted shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to overnight. this the food to Food to C Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours and
and Preserves function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, commercially cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, turn the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If using please follow the instructions exactly. each and to them to clean. Cleaning and
Cleaning and Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back. the the that the the to the front. To first the the back, then them the front and them Cleaning and
Cleaning and Cleaning the Shelf Clean with and The shelf cleaned the dishwasher. or scouring cleaning cleaners, or such as or scrapers. These the coating. On account grease Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with three of mounted the oth- cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards.
of the their the other and them of the them Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the bot- of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each it the of the and the (B) the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the tions, please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the What to the the If the please
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
to without 855-M-021007-01