COMPETENCE B8340-1 The Built-In Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone numbers Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance the First the Initial Cleaning the The Functions the Shelf and Attaching/Removing the Additional Functions Clock Functions Other Functions Child and Table: Roasting Meat, roasting, Table Bio-Functions Roasting Roasting Table
Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Cleaning with Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
switching the and off. with front the following and the the to the ton. Instructions
Instructions Steam from the below the Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the
Combination dishes, cake tins, items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food. Meat the of of meat cooked. Instructions
Instructions the First the The when the to the or following and TIME flashes. buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the displayed. The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The cleaners fronts. Switch the using the The the Press selection once LIGHT and the lighting switched and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. cleaning, switch off the lighting selection Instructions
Instructions the The information switch the first the the selected function the to heat and the to count The lighting as as function selected. Switch the off using the
Functions The the following The BAKING, CONVENTIONAL and ROTITHERM include tomatic This that the selected reached as as BAKING C cakes and that and base. These include such foods as and C than when using and the switched FAN COOKING C to three the C than when using The heating and the switched CONVENTIONAL C and roasting The top and heating ROTITHERM C roasting of meat or This function to cooking foods and The heating and top heat with the Instructions
Instructions DUAL GRILL C of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating SINGLE GRILL C foods the of the such as or or toasting The heating KEEP WARM C To food The top and heating DEFROST C To to thaw and to such items as or other foods. this function the operates without heating. BOTTOM HEAT C and with The heating LIGHT To switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched as as the operation.
Switching On Functions Switch the with the Press selection or the function nated. the The light while the heating the Press the or to crease or the The of C. the tion Press the or the function Instructions
Instructions Switching the To switch the off tion or repeatedly of the functions illuminated. Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to the and then switches off automatically. Switching the Lighting On and You switch the lighting without function. Switch the the Press selection once LIGHT and the lighting switched Press selection once The lighting switched off.
the Shelf and The the right and These facing the shelf the that the the shelf the that the the of the the the that the to the rear. the the that the the front of the the and using the and together, the exactly the of the To to the differently, the the the back, as as and then the the front. Instructions
Instructions Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
Additional Functions PIZZA To ready such as foods and fromthe There to pre-heat the as recommended the when this function used. to the instructions the Press selection repeatedly the PIZZA function The of C appear the the or the increased or C. Turn Instructions
Instructions CAKES cakes and cake There to heat the as recommended the when this function used. to the instructions the Press selection repeatedly the CAKES function illuminated. The of C appear the the or the increased or C.
POULTRY To whole where to the the roasting then breast the and the the first from the Press selection repeatedly POUL- TRY appear the and the COOK TIME clock function Press the or buttons within the to the You the COOK TIME clock functions selection of the roasting acoustic sound to to the poultry. At the of the cooking acoustic sound. The switch off. PYROLUXE self-cleaning. this splashes and the and washed off once the cooled. The heated to C. Instructions
Instructions Meat To switch the off when the meat reached. the meat with the should used! If the of the meat as as the food that to cooked that the right the of the food. the meat the the of the MEAT PROBE the function and The the selected function appear the the the the right of C' appear the meat the selection or
seconds the meat shown the the right The meat played from C upwards. Checking or the meat The meat displayed buttons or once. It to previously selected or as the measured meat matches the that acoustic sound and the switch off automatically. Press the or selection to the Warning: The meat There of burning when the and the meat of the and the cooked food from the with the ther- Switch off the Instructions
Instructions Clock Functions COUNTDOWN To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the COOK TIME To the to END TIME To when the to switch off TIME To or the section the First information the switch the using the clock function selected the function seconds. this the or the or selection buttons. the the function seconds. Then the function The to count The acoustic turned off clock
COUNTDOWN Press clock function selection repeatedly COUNT- DOWN flashing. buttons or the countdown. hours and seconds the the COUNTDOWN the COUNT- DOWN flashes and acoustic sound To switch the acoustic off: clock function Instructions
Instructions COOK TIME function and Press clock function selection ton repeatedly COOK TIME flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the switch to the COOK TIME the cooking COOK TIME flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: clock function
END TIME Select function and Press clock function selection ton repeatedly END TIME flashing. the the which the to switch off. seconds the to the END TIME the END TIME flash, accoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: clock function Instructions
Instructions COOK TIME and END TIME combined COOK TIME and END TIME together the to switch and off Select function and the COOK TIME function, the the to cook. the END TIME function the which the to ready. COOK TIME and END TIME minated and the appear the this The switch cally the the of acoustic tone sound and the switch off. COOK TIME and END TIME flash.
TIME Press clock function selection repeatedly TIME flashes. buttons or the seconds the flashing and the clock the The ready The TIME the and switched off. Instructions
Instructions Other Functions Switching the switching off the Switching off the If switch off the with the Press clock functions and the seconds). as the the switch The the switched off the To the constantly the switched Switching the If switch off the with the Press clock functions selection and the reappears seconds). The only switched off the switched off.
Child The with child as the child activated, the used. To the child there function lected. Activating the If necessary, switch the ance the button. function tor buttons and SAFE appears the The activated. Deactivating the child function selection buttons and seconds. The child deactivated and the ready Switching off the with the the Instructions
Instructions To function unintentionally. Activating the locking If necessary, switch the ance the Select function. function tor buttons and seconds LO appears the The locking activated. Deactivating the locking function selection buttons and seconds. The locking deactivated when the switched off.
If switched off or the change, the switches off automatically. The flashes, the light flashes, and sounds. The switches off of: C C hours C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. You then to switch Instructions
Instructions and the BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL function of and coated CON- VENTIONAL. Light BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf using BAKING or CONVENTIONAL should You to FAN COOKING Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. the of the shelf. You cakes using BAKING or CONVEN- TIONAL. this the the shelf. The cooking then increased slightly. preheat the when the CONVENTIONAL tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. or cake tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the Instructions
Instructions Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL cake cake cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Shelf from Shelf from C C
Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL Bread Wholemeal White Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Shelf- from Shelf from C Instructions C
Instructions of or cake Short Choux Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher only FAN COOKING Shelf from C
This to cooked through The properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when using Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions CONVENTIONAL FAN COOKING BAKING Apple cake and Apple Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. Shelf from C Shelf from C Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the FAN COOKING, ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or This the meat You of meat that should without meat If roasting amounts), the dirty! Shelf Please the following the to Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking only. roasting meat and the from of the CONVENTIONAL function meat, and other of meat poultry) the ROTITHERM function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the FAN COOKING function. Instructions
Instructions The cooking the type and of the To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Meat, Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of or or Yorkshire Shelf tion from C or Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Instructions C
Instructions Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM or 1)Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each the to with, then the higher only Poultry, Lancashire Shelf tion from C CONVEN- FAN COOKING ROTITHERM TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- tom Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from bot- C C C Shelf tion from bot- C
Poultry, Meat Loaf Poultry/ Chicken or or or Pheasant, Partridge/ CONVEN- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- or or or or or or or or2 or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Instructions Shelf tion from bot- C or
Instructions Poultry, steamed) Whole or 1)Pre-heat food and shelf as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher only required. CONVEN- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Shelf tion from bot- C
the SINGLE GRILL or DUAL GRILL function with of C pre-heat the the function. amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the Notes the The only and the type and of the meat or of and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Table Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from each
Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that and dough and the The roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat- roasting uncovered without Shelf the from the top information Roasting Select high browning. Then to Instructions
Instructions Notes the roasting The roasting and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of meat, the the browning and roasting It to whole only. of the Once the browning the (Turn the of the The heat significantly increase the cooking as season, Select the ROTITHERM function. the to the the At the of the the to the roasting the
Roasting Table Food to Meat of of of Poultry Breast Trout roasting of and roasting C Instructions ROTITHERM Roasting C
Instructions Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function or of as cover with or Shelf the the from the top Bring the to the the to cool to C. the the and cover. the the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the hours (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function dough. the that heat to C. Shelf the the from the top the containing the dough with and the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to
Drying the FAN COOKING function Cover the or with Shelf You to the shelf or the and from the top information pears, of the or required, and the or the or Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C. Turn the when when pressed. Food Quantity C Apple thick Mushrooms The the of the food. Instructions FAN COOKING
Instructions Defrosting To food, the function DEFROST C. Defrosting the food and the the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf defrosting, the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Preserving the BOTTOM HEAT function Preserving only that the Screw-top with and Shelf the shelf from the Notes the There to each with of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or the to C Instructions
Instructions Preserving Table Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C with switched off cooking C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. commercially cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the with and then items. Clean with Information There to the cleaning If to follow the instructions. (shelf shelf each and to them to clean. Instructions
Instructions Cleaning with Warning: The becomes this Children and from the cleaning with If the as they cleaning with If the appear the It to the cleaning of the that protects the Cleaning with thick hand. Switch the the Select the function PY- ROLUXE. The shows: P1, the COOK TIME flashes seconds. Then the appears the The lighting Once reached the locked. The light the released
Carrying cleaning Proceed as Cleaning with the selection while COOK TIME flashing. The shows: P2, the Then the appears the the clock function END TIME to the which the cleaning Instructions
Instructions Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then hitch the back. the the that the of the forwards. To first the the back, then them tion the front and them
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: light with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the shelf the cover with the of and If necessary: light with V, C heat-resistant light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the shelf Instructions
Instructions The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four sheets of to other. The sheets cleaning. The following to when the If the while the tached, the to and Rough of the the of the front to the the and, with the the of its and the and the free. the and the plates the plates of their another and them the they free. the plates and them Clean the Instructions
Instructions the From the plates the the another. the and them towards the of the as the as they the From the the the the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the to the
What to The heat The lighting tioning appears the The The The activated. If rectify the with the of the information please or service. Warning: Repairs to the specialists. repairs to the If the improperly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The activated. The light The Instructions the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and shelf the and least seconds the light off.
Instructions Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or
Technical Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This when both and the the to the The built-in and with They only combined with of the
This as shown or counter Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Installation Instructions
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The where or formance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ Customer Service
INDEX Additional Functions heat locking C Child Cleaning cleaning Clock functions the Combination shelf Customer Service Defrosting of the cooking Food Light Lighting Meat light operating Poultry Preserving Repairs Rotitherm Steam and Universal Warranty
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 673-A-040902-08 to without