B3151-5 Built-In
choosing of high-quality products. To and performance of please this tion It to perfectly and ficiently. To to this to, to please it to of the with Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Combination Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Clock Functions and Roasting The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Defrosting Drying Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst using People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when to nearby. allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched Instructions
of the Appliance foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty of the Appliance
Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating Clock function of the Appliance lighting heating Heat
of the Appliance of You the the of the cookware, cake roasts and foods. cakes and Roasting and roasting or as
the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function of flashes automatically. To that already the Selection repeatedly the function of flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock the The ready to The function (Duration or the first
the Initial Cleaning the the first should clean it thoroughly. cleaners! The To clean fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the The with and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Functions Light
Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions The the following the Combination Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and tion the the right and that this the back of the This the from function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. To three the Decrease the C with Con- Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and food items the of the and toasting. food items and toasting. and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods. the
the the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the tional to cookware from the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the the when roasting to tect the heating from splash- the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the and Clock Functions Function Function Selection To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the Duration To the to To the switch-off function. the
the of To or the section the First to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock functions Duration and the cooking completed, turn the function and the back to the OFF Press the Selection repeatedly the function flash- the or the Countdown hours
seconds the shows the The function lights the the function flashes and sounds The pressing ton. Duration Press the Selection repeatedly the function Duration flashes. the or the cook- the
the seconds the to showing the The function tor Duration lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off
seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Duration and combined Duration and the to switched and off the Duration function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this the
and The function Duration and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this and function: or and non-stick bright with With to the cake trays: and
trays: and instructions the with the the front. With or with to other the the This significantly increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the of dough or the amount and the type of using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting high- If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and cake or cake cake Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with cakes with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with of function C
Yeast cakes with (with of top- (thin (CH) Short whirls whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function and C
and than Cakes/pastries/breads cake cakes/pastries/rolls Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the of Shelf from C
The enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to using chines too distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease Shelf function and and C
and Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If the of the roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of to of of Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm and C
and Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the shelf the recommended shelf the collecting the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat C
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially the defrosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Dish Further defrosting the plate Turn through and
and Drying function: shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this, the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C hours
Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, when switched off Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, commercially cleaning Please scouring and Preserve inC Cleaning and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Clean the each this to off and to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions exactly. shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back
the shelf The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover. Cleaning and
Cleaning and The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and it the the The heating tioned correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the It heavy) the with the facing something and to scratches. Cleaning and
Cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as it the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the other.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each tion the of the and the (B) the of the
On the of the (B) there (C). This pushed the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
What to What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the user from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the the the If the please
The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the tion the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the ranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
to without 082-A-270509-01