COMPETENCE B5741-4 Built-In information
Customer, Please this user information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial the Switching the On and the shelf and roasting Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the child and Table: Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Meat, roasting, gratin. Defrosting. Defrosting Cleaning and
of the cleaning Lighting. What to Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds age the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance
Shelf Functions selection Top heat and heating Function lighting heating heat
Combination dishes, cake tins, items roasting and Shelf or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food
using the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the the seconds, the clock flashing and the clock the of The ready to The the child neither of the Countdown or clock functions and function
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The To clean front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Heat Functions selection
Switching the Turn the to the function. The lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. the the to or the The of C. Switching the off To the off, the functions to the OFF Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off.
Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the heat function switched the that the other that heat operating. the to the light heat the switched off the that the heat the
function selected, with the of the function the pre-heated tively the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. the function If the Press the The to the light the another shows that the reached, the of the heat light and the to the sounds. The heating to the tion and You the food the The function switched with the Ventitherm Precision and Rotitherm Roasting
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. Ventitherm Precision Rotitherm Roasting to the C than when Con- Defrosting Cleaning food items and toasting and roasting to three the the C than when Con- roasting of meat or shelf. The function and defrosting and or other foods cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to C. top heat Top heat, heat Top heat, heat, heating top heat, Top heat, heat, Top heat, bottomheat,
the and roasting their and right This as and towards the back of the roasting The to- the back of the the shelf: the that the upwards. The and the back of the the shelf and the the and the together, the shelfs exactly the the
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Clock Functions To the to To when the to switch off Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the operation of the To or the section the First Selector Clock function lights
to the clock clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or the the the function to seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock functions and completed, the turned back to the switch the and the Checking the or Press the Select repeatedly, the clock tion flashes and the or displayed.
Countdown Press the Select repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the the countdown The function Countdown lights of the sounds. the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press
Select the function and Press the Select repeated- the function flashes. the the cooking 09.59hours). The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to
the function and Press the Select repeated- the function flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the to
and and the to switched and off Select the function and the function, the that the to cook. this the function, the which the should ready. this The and function light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this
Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock Turn the to the right and the Select ton the as the switched the tomatically. the switched off, the clock To the clock permanently the clock Switching the clock Turn the to the right and the Select the appears child The with child as the child activated, the switched the to activated, of the currently selected. Activating the child Turn the to the and the Select ton SAFE appears the The child
Deactivating the child Turn the to the and and the Select SAFE from the The child and the ready If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function or *Not with the Rotitherm Roasting function
and function: Ventitherm Precision or tional and Ventitherm Precision bright with Ventitherm Precision to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or Ventitherm Precision with to another the the This significantly crease foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of browning as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that with the cold.
Shelf- Bread, cake cake cake Christmas cake or Short C
Shelf- Bread, Apple Choux Wholemeal White Pre-heat C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Ventitherm Precision Shelf from C
The cake enough the The too too Increase too high and too cooked within the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ too Shorten Dough/mixture tributed too slightly higher to and increase the dough/mixture the
Apple and Apple charlotte Pre-heat Table and Gratins topped with Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pre-heat the Shelf Dish function Ventitherm Precision Shelf Rotitherm Roasting C C
Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Rotitherm Roasting C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions
Roasting function: Ventitherm Precision tional or Rotitherm Roasting Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below roasting these roasting with This the of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cook- This roasting Switch off the to the of the cook- to the heat.
Meat, roasting, of Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Yorkshire Ventitherm Precision Ventitherm Precision Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pre-heat Shelf Meat functions Rotitherm Roasting or or C
Poultry, Ventitherm Precision Lancashire Ventitherm Precision Meat Loaf Rotitherm Roasting Poultry Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pheasant, Partridge/ steamed) Whole Quantity Convention- Convention- Convention- function Shelf Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Convention- Rotitherm Roasting C or or or
Poultry, Rotitherm Roasting Quantity Ventitherm Precision function Shelf C
function: with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the and together. The only. of or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Defrosting function: Defrosting Unpack the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the bot- Defrosting through the turn Meat, through the Meat, Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Food Further frosting the through the turn
function: of the with twist-off or type and the first from the bot- the There enough this to The should to the and the the shelf such that they touching each other. of the shelf, that there the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C
Preserves The and Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Warning: the switched off and cooled cleaning. Clean the each this to off and allowed to that to the when Cleaning used. cleaning, the light every the with of and and allow to the of clean If please follow the instructions exactly.
cleaning Warning: The this process. carrying the cleaning process, with the of the from the If the shelf that as these cleaning If the C1 appears the The then to that protects the the of the manually. Select function Cleaning appears the flashes seconds. cleaning then The Light the reached, the locked. The of the heat light the the of the Proceed as the section as flashing the of the or or flashes seconds. cleaning then If flashing, the and then the the switch off The switch off the clock function (within of the the P2 Quick: light of P1 heavy of
To clean the of the the and right from the the the screw. the from the the back of the and them forwards Unhook the the the that the rounded of the to the front. To the first the the the front
the the back and the Re-tighten the screw. Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four mounted the other. The cleaning. The following to when the If the while the tached, the to and Rough of the the of the front to the the and, with the the of and the and the it the and Removing the the of their another and them the they the and them Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located, the other the and them the of the as the as they the From the the section of the which the cated the the the the and front of the the of the the The tached. the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting (C1 appears the The Appliance connected to the electricity; activated the clock E001 E020 (when operating mally) E021 the clock E020 (when the clock there pears that The clock the the clock The The tripped The the houses tripped The the The shelf the closed properly the properly and the If displayed please Service Force the Switch off the the house or the switch the and switch If displayed please Service Force the If the repeatedly, please thorised shelf the to the supply and least seconds the light Please Service Force
If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the user from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to
The to to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply to the specifications below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the tic the and that the earthed. The responsibility should these type
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to statutory and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 558-A-270704-07