COMPETENCE B6100-1 The Built-In Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the to please the chapter What to as to the yourself. further AEG Service Force the Chapter Service and AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed acting
CONTENTS Instructions of the Appliance the the Initial Cleaning the The Functions the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Other Functions Switching the Child Cut-out and Roasting Meat, roasting, Table Bio-Functions Roasting Roasting Table
Yoghurt Dough Drying Defrosting Defrosting Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting Cleaning the What to Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions The only the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Instructions
Instructions To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
switching the and off. with front the following text and the the to the ton. Instructions
Instructions Steam from the below the Relates to with front: Steam from the the and the
Combination shelf dishes, cake items roasting and Universal cakes, roasts or as or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food. Instructions
Instructions the the The only when the The function the connected to the or following buttons or the seconds. The flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The cleaners fronts. Switch the using the The the Press once The LIGHT function and the lighting switched and the and them with and Then the with and and off the front of the with cloth only. cleaning switch off the lighting with Instructions
Instructions the The information switch the first the the function the to heat and the to count The lighting as as function selected.
Functions The the following The BAKING, CONVENTIONAL and ROTITHERM include tomatic This that the selected reached as as BAKING C and that and base. These include such foods as and C than when and the switched FAN COOKING C to three the C than when The rear heating and the switched CONVENTIONAL C and roasting The top and heating ROTITHERM C roasting of meat or This function to cooking foods and The heating and top heat with the Instructions
Instructions DUAL GRILL C of foods such as or fish, or toasting Top heat and the heating SINGLE GRILL C foods the of the shelf such as or or toasting The heating DEFROST C To to thaw and to such items as or other foods. this function the operates without heating. BOTTOM HEAT C and browning with The heating CLEANING cleaning the this function pre-heat the to the cleaners that heated to fect. The heating top heat and LIGHT To switch the lighting and off. The lighting switched as as the operation.
Switching On Functions Switch the with the Press buttons or the function the The light while the heating the Press the or to crease or the The of C. the tion Press or repeatedly the function Instructions
Instructions Switching the To switch the off the buttons or repeatedly function off. Cooling The when the to the of the cool. Once the switched off, the to cool the and then switches off automatically. Switching the Lighting On and You switch the lighting without function. Switch the the Press once The LIGHT function and the lighting switched Press once The lighting switched off.
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the and together, the the the Instructions
Instructions Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or
Clock Functions COUNTDOWN To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the COOK TIME To the to END TIME To when the to switch off TIME To or the section the First information the switch the the clock function selected the function tor seconds. this the or using the or the the function flash seconds. this the function The to count Instructions
Instructions COUNTDOWN Repeatedly the COUNTDOWN function flashes. buttons or the countdown. hours and seconds the the The COUNTDOWN function tor the the function and acoustic sound To switch the acoustic off:
COOK TIME Select function and Press repeatedly the COOK TIME function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the switch to the The COOK TIME function tor and the to once. the cooking the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off: Instructions
Instructions END TIME Select function and Press repeatedly the END TIME function tor flashes. the or buttons the which the to switch off. seconds the switch to the The END TIME function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. To switch the acoustic off:
COOK TIME and END TIME combined COOK TIME and END TIME together the to switch and off Select function and the COOK TIME function the the to cook. hour. the END TIME function the which the to ready. Instructions
Instructions The COOK TIME and END TIME tion and the appear the The switch cally the switch off when the expired.
TIME Press repeatedly the TIME function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready The TIME only the switched off and neither COOK TIME END TIME Instructions
Instructions Other Functions Switching the switching off the The only switched off the switched off. Switching off the If switch off the with the Press and clock the as the the switch The the switched off the To the constantly the switched Switching the If switch off the with the Press and clock functions the reappears.
Child The with child as the activated, the used. To the there function lected. Activating the If necessary, switch the ance the function tor and SAFE appears the The child activated. Deactivating the child function selection buttons and seconds. The child and the ready Switching off the with the the child Instructions
Instructions To function unintentionally. Activating the button locking If necessary, switch the ance using the Select function. function tor buttons and seconds LO appears the The locking activated. Deactivating the locking function selection buttons and seconds. The locking deactivated when the switched off.
Cut-out If, of the switched off or the the switches off automatically. The function the selected function flashes the and acoustic sound. The light flashes. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours To Pressing selection switches the off, which restarted. Instructions
Instructions and the BAKING, FAN COOKING or CONVENTIONAL function of and coated CON- VENTIONAL. Light BAKING and FAN COOKING. Shelf using BAKING or CONVENTIONAL should You to FAN COOKING Shelf Shelf sheets: sheets: Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. cake the of the shelf. You using BAKING or CONVEN- TIONAL. this the the shelf. The cooking then increased only slightly. preheat the when the CONVENTIONAL tion. Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. or the cook- items cakes, should cooked of using the first the If increased or the cooking too higher If information of information the height of the item to to of the of this please the Variations the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the Instructions
Instructions Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL cake pound cake Sandcakes/ cake cake Christmas cake or sheets Short Apple Choux cakes Meringues Shelf from Shelf from C C
Bread, BAKING CONVENTIONAL Wholemeal White Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Shelf- from Shelf from C Instructions C
Instructions of or cake Short Choux Pre-heat Select the to with, then the higher only FAN COOKING Shelf from C
This to cooked through The properly cooked through, Next cake or the cake The cake too light lower. with cake cooked through, the highest of the cake to the switch off the and the heat. Next when Next and increase the cooking Instructions
Instructions CONVENTIONAL FAN COOKING BAKING Apple and Apple charlotte Pre-heat The printed the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C Shelf from C Shelf from C
Roasting roasting, the FAN COOKING, ROTITHERM or CONVENTIONAL function. Roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heat-re- roasts roasted directly the or the with the roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting the dirty! Shelf Please the following the shelf to Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking only. roasting meat and the from weight of the CONVENTIONAL function meat, and other of meat poultry) the ROTITHERM function, roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the If to meat and cook other the the FAN COOKING function. Instructions
Instructions The cooking the type and of the meat. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Meat, roasting, Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM of or or Yorkshire Shelf tion from C or Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Instructions C
Instructions Meat FAN COOKING CONVENTIONAL ROTITHERM or 1)Pre-heat Rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Poultry, Lancashire Shelf tion from C CONVEN- FAN COOKING ROTITHERM TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- Shelf tion from Shelf tion from C Shelf tion from bot- C C C Shelf tion from bot- C
Poultry, Meat Loaf Poultry/ or or or Pheasant, Partridge/ CONVEN- Quantity ROTITHERM FAN COOKING TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- or or or or or or or or2 or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Instructions Shelf tion from bot- C or
Instructions Poultry, steamed) Whole or 1)Pre-heat food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. CONVEN- ROTITHERM FAN COOKING TIONAL Shelf tion from bot- tom or or or or Shelf tion from bot- C C Shelf tion from bot- C
the SINGLE GRILL or DUAL GRILL function with of C pre-heat the the function. amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the Notes the The only and the type and of the meat or of and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the Instructions
Instructions Table Chops: Whole trout as required) Shelf Food from each
Bio-Functions The that this meat to cooked that and dough and the The roasting to than when roasting conventionally. Roasting the ROTITHERM function roasting. roasting heat-resistant If the that the heat- roasting without Shelf the from the top information Roasting Select high browning. Then to Instructions
Instructions Notes the roasting The roasting only and the type and of the meat or The thicker and of the the and roasting It to whole only. of the Once the browning the (Turn the of the The heat increase the cooking meat as season, Select the ROTITHERM function. the to the the At the of the the to the roasting the
Roasting Table Food to Roasted Meat of of of Poultry Breast Trout roasting of meat and roasting Browning C Instructions ROTITHERM Roasting C
Instructions Yoghurt the CONVENTIONAL function or of as cover with or Shelf the shelf the from the top Bring the to the the to to C. the the and cover. the the shelf. Select the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the hours (as as Dough the CONVENTIONAL function dough. the dough that heat to C. Shelf the the from the top the containing the dough with and the shelf. the CONVENTIONAL function and the to C the dough to
Drying the FAN COOKING function Cover the or with Shelf You to the or the and from the top information pears, of Mushrooms the or required, and the or the or Select the FAN COOKING function and the to C. Turn the when when pressed. Food C Apple thick The the of the food. Instructions FAN COOKING
Instructions Defrosting To food, the function DEFROST C. Defrosting the food plate and the the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the Notes the defrosting The below reference the defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and turn the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- Meal the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Preserving the BOTTOM HEAT function Preserving only that the Screw-top with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with capacity of this The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. about of the that there the as to appear the the first this about switch off the or the to C Instructions
Instructions Preserving Soft Pears, peas, Beans Preserves Preserving C with switched off cooking C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Cleaning each Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting cleaning. the each with and and then items. with cleaners. Instructions
Instructions CLEANING function the CLEANING function pre-heat the to the to that heated to the instructions! Press or repeatedly the CLEANING function illuminated. CL appear the The heat to the the first acoustic sound. further acoustic sound the The acoustic switched off pressing The then appear the The reached the to the the of the and to instructions!). the clean. each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then hitch the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and Instructions
Instructions Lighting Warning There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light/Cleaning the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the
Cleaning the The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heat- when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and curely both the the of the Instructions
Instructions The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. Completely back the brass- coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following when the hinged! its hinges, the to the lighter when the and force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the free the base. the the and Removing the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the Instructions
Instructions the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The heat The lighting If rectify the with the of the information please Service force Warning: Repairs to the service repairs to the If please AEG Service Force customers should the section, as the charge the mechanical or Information with front: to the front of the the or shortly or roasting. Symptom The Switch the switched The the The the The the household tripped or the The light Instructions the If the or the please the light the Cleaning and
Instructions Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and
Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in and with They with of the Instructions
Instructions This as shown or counter
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the home, of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
Customer Service Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
INDEX heat locking C Child Cleaning Initial cleaning Clock functions the Combination shelf Customer Service Defrosting of the cooking Light Lighting light operating Preserving Repairs Rotitherm Shelf Shelf Steam Switching off the and Universal Warranty What to
Service and the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Service and
From the The The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 671-NO-040902-07 to without