B5741-5 Built-In
Thank choosing of high-quality products. To and performance of please this tion It to perfectly and ficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial cleaning the Switching the On and heat Functions the Combination Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Clock Functions Other Mechanical and The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Roasting Defrosting Drying Cleaning and of the cleaning Shelf lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst using People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when connecting to allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched Instructions
of the Appliance foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty of the Appliance
Features Shelf Selection Functions Top heat and heating Function buttons of the Appliance lighting heating Heat
of the Appliance of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the recommended shelves and cooking the dishes. cookware, cake tins, and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as
the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function of flashes automatically. To that already the Selection repeatedly the function of flashes. the the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The the deactivated, of the Duration or clock tions and function the first
the Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and them with and the the and the front of the with cloth. the The with buttons and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Functions Selection Heat Selector
Switching the Turn the to the function. The light lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. the Turn the to or the The C Checking the Press heat and Selection tons the The appears the Switching the off To the off, the to the OFF the
the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the heat function switched the that the other that heat operating. the to the light heat the switched off the that the heat the
heat function selected, the function heat the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the heat completed and the operating the function. the function If necessary, the Press the heat The to the light the another shows that heat the reached, the of the heat light and the to the sounds. The heating to the function and You the food the The heat function switched with the and Rotitherm Functions The the following function Application To three the Decrease the C with Con- that and base. the C than when using and roasting Rotitherm roasting of or The function and food items and toasting. food items the of the and toasting. Defrost defrosting and or other foods. heat with or crusty cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to imately C. the
the the Combination Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and tion the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the downwards. the the of the selected The high around the tional to cookware from the shelf and roasting together the shelf the roasting the roasting the of the selected
Inserting/Removing the the when roasting to tect the heating from splash- the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the and Clock Functions Duration To the to To the switch-off function. To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the of To or the Selection the Clock function
the section the First to the clock functions clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or using the the the function to seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock functions Duration and completed, the back to the switch the and the Checking the or Press the Selection repeatedly, the clock function flashes and the or displayed. Press the Selection repeatedly the function flash- the the countdown The function lights of the sounds.
the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press Duration Select the function and Press the Selection repeatedly flashes. the function Duration the the cooking lights The function Duration and the immediately. the
the the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to Select the function and Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately.
the and the function flash. sounds The off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to Duration and Duration and the to switched and off Select the function and the Duration function, the that the to cook. this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The Duration and function tors light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this the
the Other functions child The with child as the the switched the child to activated, of the currently selected. Activating the child Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE appears the The child activated. Deactivating the child Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function Duration or 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours
Mechanical the the deactivated. the the catch forwards the the Press the catch and pressed. the the the without the catch. Deactivating the Press the catch back the Switching off the the mechanical the
and and function: or and non-stick bright with With to the cake trays: and trays: and instructions the with the the front. With or with to other the the This increase
foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and shelf selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting high- If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of browning as or to cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. or cakes cake cake Apple Apple off of function and C
and Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with cakes with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of top- (thin (CH) Short whirls whirls with of function C
with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the the or roasting than Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the of function of Shelf from and C C
and The enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the (thin (with of round Apple covered cake too high slightly too higher Too the to chines too distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease of Shelf C and
from of Pre-heat the and topped with Rotitherm Rotitherm Pre-heat the ready Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking of Shelf C Shelf function Rotitherm Rotitherm and C C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions Hours
and Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the of that or crackling, roasted the without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, turn the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm C
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of to of of Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the and C Hours
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the shelf the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with topping pre-heat Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and the shelf. with or as these substantially the defrosting, the the from the
Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Drying function: shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to overnight. this, the food to Food to C Apricots Apple Pears Defrosting Further the Turn through hours and
and function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or clean the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Warning: the of cleaning the switched off and cooled Clean the each this to off and the chance to that to the when used. The light switches when the the with of and allow to the of clean If to follow the tions. shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning Warning: The this process. Young children carrying cleaning, including the from the If the that as these cleaning If the or C1 appears the clock The cleaning then to that tects the rails/oven cleaning First the of the manually. Select function appears the flashes seconds. cleaning then The Light reached, the locked. The of the heat light the the of the cleaning Proceed as the section cleaning. as Duration flashing, the the or or Duration flashes seconds. cleaning then If Duration the Selection and then the the switch-off the cleaning The switch-off the clock function (within of the cleaning the cleaning P2 easy: light of P1 high of
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Cleaning and
Cleaning and lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first
of the with each and from the It the with the outer facing something and to scratches. the back its From the of the with each and of Position the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with four of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the their the other and them of the them upwards.
Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the other the the bot- of the and them. The first, then the of the (B) each tion the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped Cleaning and
Cleaning and the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched The lighting The function (C1 shown the F2 appears the clock properly closed or appears the If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock to the The The The house the tripped The light rails/oven Switch the off and of the house or the the If the appears please What to Switch the the clock to the the If the please rails/oven shelf properly; Turn the off and the house or the switch the If displayed please the Customer
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the tion the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the ranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the The of thermal insulation with the back and shelf. with shortened least and the plinth of the becomes to build-in. Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 249-A-260609-01