B3741-5 Built-In
Thank choosing of high-quality products. To and performance of please this tion It to perfectly and ficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the Switching the On and heat Functions the Shelf and the Clock Functions Other functions and Roasting The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information Defrosting Drying Cleaning and of the Accessories cleaning Shelf lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This only the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst using People (including who, because of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when to allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched Instructions
of the Appliance foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty of the Appliance
Shelf Selection Functions Top heat and heating Function buttons of the Appliance lighting Heat
the first of You the the of the cookware, cake roasts and foods. and the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function of flashes automatically. To that the Selection repeatedly the function of flashes.
the the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only the deactivated, of the Duration or clock tions and function Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. or cleaners. The To fronts cleaning the functions to Light and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the first
the the Switching the On and Switching the Turn the functions to the function. The light lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. Clock Functions Functions Selection Heat
the Turn the to or the The C Checking the Press heat and Selection tons the The appears the Switching the off To the off, the functions to the OFF Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. the
the Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the heat function switched the that the other that heat the to the light heat the switched off the that the heat the heat function selected, the function heat the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the heat completed and the operating the function. the function If necessary, the Press the heat The to the light the flash another shows that heat operating.
the reached, the of the heat light and the to the sounds. The heating to the function and You the food the The function heat switched together with the Fan-assisted and Rothitherm Functions The the following the Shelf and the Shelf and tion the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Fan-assisted and roasting Rothitherm roasting of meat or The function and food items and food items the of the and toasting. Defrost defrosting and or other foods. heat with or crusty cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to imately C. to the C than when using the
the the the the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the shelf tional to cookware from the and the together: the the the the of the selected
Clock Functions Duration To the to To the switch-off function. To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the of To or the section the to the clock functions clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or using the the the function to flash seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock Duration completed, the and functions turned back to the button, switch the and the Selection the Clock function
the Checking the or Press the Selection repeatedly, the clock function flashes and the or displayed. Press the Selection repeatedly the function flash- the the countdown The function lights of the sounds. the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press
Duration Select the function and Press the Selection repeatedly flashes. the function Duration the the cooking The function Duration lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to the
the Select the function and Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to
Duration and combined Duration and the to switched and off Select the function and function, the the Duration that the to cook. this the function, the which the should ready. this The Duration and function light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this Other functions child The with as the child the switched the child to activated, of the currently selected. the
and Activating the child Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE appears the The activated. Deactivating the child Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function Duration or and function: Fan-assisted or and non-stick Fan-assisted bright with only 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours
With Fan-assisted and the cake trays: and Instructions the with the the front. With or Fan-assisted with to another the shelf the This crease foods the This to the the and the the Once the trays cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting high- If the the that If or than and
and and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. or Fan-assisted Fan-assisted cake Fan-assisted cake Fan-assisted Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted C Hours
Fan-assisted with topping(dry) Fan-assisted with yeast dough/sponge with yeast dough/sponge with Yeast with top- cream, (with of (thin (CH) Short Fan-assisted Short Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls with with with white, Fan-assisted Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted and C
and with yeast dough Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Pre-heat the The cake enough the The cake (becomes too too higher too high and too within the Shelf of Ovenfunction the too high slightly too higher Too the to using chines too distributed the the too slightly higher Fan-assisted C and
and topped with Rothitherm Rothitherm Pre-heat the ready Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Roasting function: or Rothitherm roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) meats, roasting these roasting or with The of meat, that or crackling, roasted roasting or without Shelf function Rothitherm Rothitherm and C C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions Hours
and the Roasting The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm Chop, Rothitherm Meat Rothitherm Rothitherm cooked) Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm C Hours
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction of of to of of Poultry Poultry Rothitherm each Rothitherm each Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the shelf the recommended the the first from the The of meat or and C Hours
and of Toast Toast with pre-heat Defrosting function: Defrost the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Food to Defrosting Further defrosting the Turn through
Drying function: Fan-assisted shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C and
Cleaning and Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, when switched off Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Preserve inC to cook 100C
Warning: the of cleaning the switched off and cooled Clean the each this to clean off and the chance to that to the when used. cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to the of If to follow the tions. (shelf shelf each and to them to clean. cleaning Warning: The this carrying cleaning, including the from the If the shelf that as these cleaning If the or C1 appears the clock The cleaning then to that tects the rails/oven cleaning First the of the manually. Select function appears the flashes seconds. cleaning then The Light reached, the locked. The of the heat light the the of the cleaning Proceed as the section cleaning. as Duration flashing, the the or or Cleaning and
Cleaning and Duration flashes seconds. cleaning then If Duration flashing, the Selection and then the the switch-off the cleaning The switch-off the clock function (within of the cleaning the cleaning P2 easy: light of P1 high of Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards!
To first the the back and then the front and lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the the cover turning clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as Cleaning and
Cleaning and the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the It heavy) the with the facing something and to scratches. the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as it
the as as the (A) both back their the The with four of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the as as Cleaning and
Cleaning and the (A) both the as as the first of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them
the back. From the the other the the bot- of the and them. The first, then the of the (B) each tion the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped Cleaning and
Cleaning and the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched The lighting The function (C1 shown the F2 appears the clock properly closed or appears the If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock to the The The The house the tripped The light rails/oven Switch the off and of the house or the the If the appears please What to Switch the the clock to the the If the please rails/oven shelf properly; Turn the off and the house or the switch the If please the Customer
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the tion the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the ranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the The of thermal insulation with the back and shelf. with shortened least and the plinth of the becomes to build-in. Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this user the the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
Service
Service
www.electrolux.com to without 221-A-160609-01