B5701-5
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of and technology. that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial cleaning the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf, and Roasting the Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the child and Table and Gratins Ready Table Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying
Cleaning and of the Shelf lighting What to Instructions information the Conditions Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, cially products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Selection Functions of the Appliance Function buttons
of the Appliance Shelf of You the the of the Top heat and heating shelf lighting heating Heat
cookware, cake roasts and foods. cakes and Roasting and roasting or as lecting of the Appliance
the first the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only the child deactivated, of the Countdown or clock and function
Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. the first
the the The with buttons and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Functions Selection Heat Selector
Switching the Turn the functions to the function. The light lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. the Turn the to or the The C Checking the Press and Select buttons the The appears the Switching the off To turn the off, the tions to the OFF the
the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the heat function switched the that the other that heat the to the light heat the switched off the that the heat the
function selected, using the function the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. the function If necessary, the Press the The to the light the another shows that operating. the reached, the of the heat light and the to the sounds. The heating to the function and You the food the The function switched with the Convection with heating and Rotitherm Functions The the following function Application Convection with heating that and the C than when and roasting Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and food items and toast- food items the of the and toasting Defrost and bread, or other foods heat cakes with or crusty to three the the C than when using the
the the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the the when roasting to the heating from splashes. the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the and the
the Clock Functions To the to To when the to switch off Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To or the section the Selector Clock function
to the clock clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or using the the the function to seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock and pleted, the functions turned back to the switch the and the Checking the or Press the Select repeatedly, the clock function flash- and the or displayed. the
the Countdown Press the Select repeatedly the function Countdown flashes. the the countdown The function Countdown lights of the sounds. the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press
Select the function and Press the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the the cooking lights The function and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the to the
the Select the function and Press the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The ovenswitches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to
and combined and the to switched and off Select the function and the function, the that the to cook. this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The and tion light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this the
the Other Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock Turn the to the right and the Select the as the switched the automatically. the switched off, the clock To the clock permanently the clock Switching the clock Turn the to the right and the Select the appears The with child as the child activated, the switched the child to activated, of the functions currently selected. Activating the child Turn the to the and the Select SAFE appears the The activated. Deactivating the child Turn the to the and the Select SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready
If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function or 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours the
and and function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with With with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and
instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and cake or Convection with heating cakes Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and with white, Convection with heating with yeast Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C Mins.
than Cakes/pastries/breads cake cakes/pastries/rolls Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the Convection with heating of Convection with heating C Shelf from and
and The cake enough The (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to using chines too shorter distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and
(thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C and
and Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness and C Hours
and Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm (pre-cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat and
and Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this, the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours and
and function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and allowed to burn the the light switches automatically. every the with of and allow to with cleaners. please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher Cleaning and
Cleaning and Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. Cleaning and
Cleaning and The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It the with the something and to scratches. Cleaning and
Cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with four of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the their the other and them of the them Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them
the back. From the the other the the of the and them. The first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the (D). The (E) snapped Cleaning and
Cleaning and the as as the (A) both back their tions. the
What to The heating The switched The lighting that appears the clock If to the following the tions, please Service Force Warning! to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the clock. The The The the houses tripped. The light the light Switch the off and the house or the switch the If displayed please the Customer What to Switch the the the If the repeatedly, please fied
The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Conditions Ausland Further service overseas these countries Please further service as Conditions
Customer Service Customer Service Servicing Household Appliance Warehouse 4F (toll-free) Other Customer Household Appliance
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 050-N-070408-02