COMPETENCE CB8920-1 Steam and Instructions
Dear Customer, Please this instruction please the section the first Please this instruction reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to AEG Service Force to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service Printed acting
Instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first the clock the the Brightness Initial the The Switching the On and the shelf, and Steam Functions Additional Functions Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the clock Child Cut-out and Steam Vigorous Steam Vigorous Steam and Vigorous Steam and Vigorous Steam Steam Steam Table Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Table
Roasting Roasting Meat Table Drying Drying Table Defrosting Defrosting Table Functions Yoghurt yeast dough. Table Preserves Preserving Table Functions and Cleaning and of the Appliance Steam Light What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Service and
Instructions This connected or the of or to the from the supply. reasons, the with or high- cleaning Repairs to the trained service only. from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child children when the This should the roasting and of food. to this leads should allowed to near the hotplates or to become caught the Warning: of burns! the become Warning: cooking with the Vigorous Steam function, the The to and with as scalding. If slightly this when the of heat, or when
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the the when directly the This or to the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Water
Water Shelf heat Clock Functions Functions Top heat and Steam Selector Light lighting Meat lighting Rear heating
Combination dishes, cake tins, items roasting and cakes and Vigorous Steam roasting or collecting meat or Steam meat positioning the Meat Used of meat to the internal and they cooking Vigorous Steam
the first the clock The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the arrow the clock flashes. the with the or seconds. The flashing and the clock the of The ready to
the Switch the the Press the and the clock function the the buttons and of the Press the and the clock function the to the selected
the Brightness The of the to to built-in higher Switch the the Press the and the clock function the Press the Functions the with the or Press the and the clock function buttons the to the selected.
Initial Cleaning You should the thoroughly using the first Attention: or cleaning These the with fronts, clean- Press the then the Light ton. The light the and the and them with and the with and and and to the front of the with cloth.
the The Functions Instructions switch the first the the selected function the to heat or the clock to count to the the selected reached, sounds. The light switched and off while the operating the Switch the off the Functions Functions Functions Time/Countdown Meat Light Selector Clock Functions
Functions The the following The functions Rotitherm and Heat) heating function This that the selected reached as as Vigorous Steam 96C. and other Steam heating and Steam 180C. and roasting and or and 150C. to three shelves and roasting The heating and the switched 200C. cakes shelf and cakes, and that and base. This might and heating and the switched Rotitherm C roasting of meat or This function to cooking foods and The heating and top heat with the 230C or toasting Top heat and heating
230C. the of the or toasting The heating Heat 200C and frying/roasting The Top and Heat heating Drying/Defrosting 30C. and and heating and C. Rear heating and
Switching the On and Switching the function Switch the the switch Press the Function as often as necessary, the function appears the If the within seconds, the to heat Press the or to or the The of 5C. Thermometer The thermometer the as heats. The three of the thermometer the heating Checking the Press and the The appears the
the function Press the OVEN FUNCTION as as necessary, the function appears. Switching off the function To switch off the the OVEN FUNCTION button, as of- as necessary, function Switching off the Switch the off the switch Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off.
the shelf, and the and The the and right These as and located the when the shelves: the the Steam Functions Attention: The cooking functions with the clock or section Clock Functions and Attention: to as the the cooking function. sound heard when the the sound switched off To only, from to the of the of the cooking and the heating of of than Steam when the Vigorous Steam Water directly the the the The supply Switch the the
the Functions the Vigorous Steam tion. the Clock Functions or and the or the cooking about the first appears. when the cooking of around 96C reached. sounded the of cooking the to the and switch off the the cooled from the and with the to the completely. The from to automatically. the directly the the the Switch the the the Functions the Steam tion and using the or the the Clock Functions or and the or the cooking Then as Vigorous Steam
Additional Functions this function, the the chapter Functions and Selecting Press the repeatedly the appears. the Function the the Function and the recommended shelf appear. The pears the The cooking and the of cooking appear the about seconds the switched the of the sounds. the cooking this apply to Vigorous Steam! the cooking completed, sounds. flashes the The the The of the cooking Clock Functions The Clock Function the than the cooking early Press the repeatedly displayed.
Meat that the switches off as as the the of reaches The meat together with the heat) and Rotitherm. There to Roasting Table The Meat Table the meat used. If replacing, please only the of the meat as as that the the of the meat and with bone. the meat the the of the Repeatedly the Function the function appears. the within seconds, using the or buttons. The to the
The from 30C. Should the already displayed, the the meat and the process. To the the meat the within seconds, the or buttons. as the reached, sounds and the switches off automatically. To switch off the Warning: The meat There of when the and the of the the meat from the and the meat of the with the meat Switch off the Checking or the the the and the and the the the or buttons.
Clock Functions Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First hints clock function selected, the related arrow flashes around seconds. this the or the the arrow flashes around seconds. The arrow then The to
Countdown Press the clock function ton as often as necessary, the Countdown arrow flashes. the Countdown the or about seconds the the The Countdown arrow lights the sounds and the Countdown arrow flash. To turn off the Press
To the function and Press the clock function ton as often as necessary, the arrow flashes. the cooking with the or The arrow lights the sounds The switches off. and the arrow flash. To off the Press
To the function and Press the clock function ton as as necessary, the arrow flashes. the switch-off with the or The arrow lights the sounds The switches off. and the arrow flash. To off the Press button.
COOK TIME and END TIME combined and the to switch and off Select the function and the COOK TIME function, the the concerned,for hour. the END TIME function, the which the should ready, The COOK TIME and END TIME arrows flash. The switches the the cooking sounds and the switches off,
the Press the clock function ton as often as necessary, the arrow flashes. the with the or the about seconds, the arrow flashing and the clock the The ready to The only the released, neither of the clock COOK TIME or END TIME
Other Functions and the brightness of the reduced. Switching off the clock You switching off the clock Press the to switch off the Press and the meat and the the the (about seconds). as the switched the matically. the switched off the clock To the clock permanently the clock Switching the clock 1.Switch off the the Press and the meat and the the the seconds).
Child as the child the switched Activating the Switch the the Function selected. Press and the and buttons the CHILD SAFETY appears the The child Releasing the child Press and the and buttons the CHILD SAFETY from the The child released and the ready To that the Switch the the Select the function. Press and and buttons the about seconds, LOCK appears the The Releasing the Press and and the about seconds. The the switched off.
Cut-out If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the and sounds. The switches off when the 120C hours 200C hours 230C hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched
and Steam the Vigorous Steam or Steam Warning: cooking with the Vigorous Steam function, the Attention: Steam and roasting of heat and Chrome food Accessories.) The found the following to count shelf from the Instructions cooking than or when cooking top with necessary. If thoroughly the hoses and Chapter and Clean- to the Steam The following the cooking and selection of typical dishes. and cooking only, as these the and of the food, the of items and type of If the the that otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
Vigorous Steam The Vigorous Steam of of food, fresh or It poaching or blanching meat, corn, and the dishes, irrespective of or cooking information, Vigorous Steam Table of food whole whole whole Celery chopped chopped chopped Defrosting and cooking Blanching Blanching of Warming meat Trout, Vigorous Steam Shelf
of food and Vigorous Steam and Vigorous Steam to cook meat, and side-dishes the the other and then using Vigorous Steam with another, that they ready to the the meat with the function. and and them the with the the Vigorous Steam function and cook everything together ready. the Vigorous Steam function, the cooled to of around 85C cooling, the and Vigorous Steam of food Vigorous Steam Shelf Vigorous Steam cooking Meat C Meat and Shelf tion
Steam Steam cooking roasting of meat and defrosting or re-heating of food cooked previous- Steam Table than of food Re-heating of and Meat uncooked, of gratin, of whole Pre-heat the C Shelf
the or the grease as otherwise prolonged and unevenly. heat), and Bright and or With and to the trays: and trays: and
Instructions to count from the the with the the front! cakes the of the With (top/bottom heat) or Fan-assisted the to each other the This significantly increase foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the of or the and the type of the the first and then, necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the warmth. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with
cake or cakes Apple Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas first then with with yeast dough/ of C Shelf C Shelf both functions
with Yeast cakes with (with of top- (round bread, Short whirls with with white, Browning Pre-heat the The the function or each. of C Shelf C Shelf both Hours:
of or and sheets Shortcrust Meringues with yeast dough with Pre-Heat Shelf from C
The stated only. of Short Blackcurrant to Blackcurrant to French Yeast dough Kneaded and and and Pre-heat the Shelf C
of or cake C Shelf the instructions other products. and Gratins topped with Preheat Information the function the foods Follow the structions as stated the cooking Rotitherm (top/bottom heat) from bot- tom the (shelf with the structions as stated the from bot- C] Follow the structions as stated the C] Mins.
Ready Meals Table Food to cooked Chips Rotitherm 200-220C or from function as structions as tions as structions as tions as structions as tions
The cake enough the The cake too too slightly higher too too slightly higher cake too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter too high and too Dough distributed the dough the Grease the grease Grease the grease slightly and increase
Roasting the Rotitherm or function. roasting heat-resistant roasting. to the instructions.) If the that they heat-resistant. to the instructions.) roasts directly the or the shelf with the that roasted roasting with This the meat that of that to and roasted roasting without crackling), meat and poultry, The roasting! Please the following the shelf to used. Notes the Roasting Table Information the cooking and of The information only. roasting meat and with of the the function meat such as and other of meat poultry) using the Rotitherm tion. To meat or from burning to the roasting Turn the meat as of cooking and with their roasting. This roasting Switch the off about the of the cooking to of the heat.
Roasting Table of Meat or Meat of cooked) of of of Quantity Rotitherm from each thick each thick each thick C from C each thick
of Meat Chine of of of of Poultry Poultry (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the Information the function Rotitherm from to each each C from C
Meat or Shoulder of 82C Chop 80C Meat 80C 80C of 90C of 85C of 85C of 80C of 75C of 75C Whole 75C of 75C of 75C Food to cooked Meat 50C 65C 80C
the or functions with the 230C Attention: with the closed. The should pre-heated the and the food, the used. using the The and the type and of the meat or of meat or Turn the food about through the Table Food to Function inC Shelf shelf
to than Coiled to Coiled to Whole Toasted Food to Function inC Shelf shelf
Drying the Defrost/Dry function. the shelf or with You food the the or the the and from the using the Drying the food to and the or through the the food. the food from the Drying Table Beans Chilli (chopped) Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears Food C
Defrosting the Defrost/Dry function with the 30C defrosting the food and the shelf. cover with or as these substantially the defrosting defrosting, the the using the Defrosting Table The following defrosting Defrosting through Meat, or cover with through Meat, or cover with Trout, cover. cover. Defrost- Food Further frosting the through defrosting or cover with
Functions The that with this to or to yeast dough. Attention: the to with Yoghurt yoghurt, the heat) function. To the yoghurt, or of around capacity, covered with or the the from the Bring to the the to C. of (about the then and cover. the the shelf. Select the function the Function and the to C hours the and yeast dough dough, the function. To the dough, that heat-resistant to 40C. the the from the the the cover with clear and the shelf. Select the function using the Function and the to C the to
With the cooking function, meat becomes beautifully and roasting with to than with roasting. At uncovered. and cooking The and cooking found the following cooking The first of the to heat the to 120C. The three of the thermometer the pre-heating completed, sounds. The switches to of 80C. This the whole of the cooking Meanwhile sear the meat roasting or directly the with the and then the pre-heated The switch off function tion with the function of meat and roasts or Table of food of Pre-heating C C Shelf
Preserves the Steam function. Preserving of the with twist-off or type and the lowest Preserving the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. Preserving Table Soft Pears, Damsons, with Mushrooms C Preserve to with the switched off cooking C
Functions and The functions and which selected the other the Cleaning White Trout of Heating food Cleaning and of directly the the cleaning sounded the of the cleaning the to the and switch off the the with cloth. from the To completely the the around hour.
yellow and and and and and with If the amount, the food Shelf Water and and of each, of garlic, or grated, thyme, thinly, and then and them. of the of greased, grated them. the of the this and the of the the top. Crush the of and beat together with the and the the and the of the gratin. Shelf Water
White type of fresh yeast or of yeast, the and the the yeast the and to the dough. the of the the to it from the dough and them the greased or accessory). the to their them with and with least Shelf Water
each) type of fresh yeast or of yeast, the and the the yeast the and to the dough. the dough to dough and them the greased or the accessory). to about the option, with or Shelf Water and of or grated, parsley, chopped, to grease the the with and to while. Then off and the both them greased the grated and the chopped and the Shelf Water
Trout trout of each, the trout and with season and them with Serve with the trout the with and them. Shelf Water Trout and the dough: type yeast, the dough: the yeast the and with the other to dough. the and to the of chopped sliced, or the Preparation: the dough, the greased and cover with the the to Shelf Water
the type and together and the and together to the to cool the hour. the or grated, onions, Fry the and onions lightly. the and seasoning together then the Preparation: the and to greased with Distribute the and onions and the them. Shelf Water
curry the and with the with the and the to the and Then the breast or with accessory). about the the first (about If required, to cook the of the roasting the (about Shelf Water of of the of and with the seasoning with the and the to the evenly. the of or with accessory) and the Shelf Water of
Warming food the food the without cover. plates Shelf Water Heating food
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Cleaning The Cleaning function the chapter Functions and Cleaning Warning: cleaning, selected and the cooled Clean the each this to off and allowed to the and the Light every the with of and allow to If necessary, first or switch the Vigorous Steam function Clean with cleaners. Attention: If please follow the structions each and to them to clean.
To the of the the and right from the the the screw. the the off the rear To the the right, the cover the
the the the and the screw the screw and
Steam Attention: the each with with and To only, from Attention: Chemical the follow the instructions Water and Steam and (about the to the and with the through the clean, from the with the and the to the completely.
Light of shock! the light Switch off the the of the or switch off. To the light and the cover, cloth the of the the light Cleaning the off the turning to the and and the If necessary: with V, 300C heat-resistant light and to the the
the light bulb/Cleaning the the the Unscrew the using cross-tip screwdriver. off the and and them. If necessary: with V, 300C heat-resistant light and and screws. the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. 2.Completely back the both hinges. the with both and about the of the from the the heavy!) the with the outer to scratches. the From the of the which the positioned, of the of the with both the of the as as the the right and the of the the the and then the both back their the
What to The heat The switched "F appears the Press the The heating the function operating. arrow light The light If to the following the please or Service Force Warning: Repairs to the should only service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the incorrectly, the service or that of the free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The The The The the tripped. The the Switch the the the Cut-out. the If the repeatedly tripped, please fied the function to ZERO. switch off the Press and the three buttons PRO- GRAMME, MEAT PROBE and the heard. the
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of and household EN EN EN EN relating to basic protection (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to from the with of least isolation (screw-type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They with with matching
Index Additional and Gratins. Functions C Child Cleaning Cleaning first interior. Steam Clock the Clock Clock Functions Combination Defrosting of the Drying cooking Meat operating Ready Repairs Rotitherm. Steam cooking and Vigorous Steam What to
Service and If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 13-B-010903-04