COMPETENCE B8871-4 Built-In information
Dear Customer, Please this information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first and the Initial cleaning the The the and roasting Attaching/Removing the Meat Clock Functions Other Switching off the Child and and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Meat, roasting, gratin. Meat Table Defrosting. Defrosting
Cleaning and of the cleaning Shelf What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds age the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance
Shelf Top heat and heating Function lighting Meat lighting heating heat
Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and Shelf or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food Meat exactly of meat cooked
the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there flashes automatically. To that already first the On/Off ton Then the Select repeatedly flashes. the or the seconds, the clock flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only the neither of the clock functions or functions
Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning The function switch to lighting and clean them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth.
the The instructions switch the first the On/Off the selected function the to heat or the to count The shows the This of the clock Countdown or The light switched as as function selected. the selected reached, sounds. Switch off the the On/Off Clock functions/Operating Functions On/Off function selection Heat Selector buttons Clock Meat
Selecting the function Switch the with the On/Off Press the or repeatedly the function pears. appears the If the within seconds, the to heat The function while the the Press the or to or the The of C. Switching off the function To switch off the or repeatedly function Switching off the Switch off the the On/Off button.
Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Indicates the function switched the that light the other the heated the function switched the that flash the other that heating heat the function switched off the that the heat the
function selected, with the of the function the pre-heated relative- the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. the function If the Press the The flashing another that operating. the reached, the of the heat light sounds. The heating to the tion and You the food the The function switched with the functions Ventitherm Precision MasterClass and Rotitherm Roasting Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. Ventitherm Precision food items and toasting food items the of the and toasting to three the the C than when Con- top heat Top heat, heat, heating
Heating function MasterClass Rotitherm Roasting to the C than when using Con- Defrosting To Top heat, heat Cleaning that and the C than when Con- and roasting roasting of or shelf. The function browning and defrosting and or other foods cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to C. heat, heating Top heat, heat top heat, Top heat, heat, Top heat, bottomheat,
the and roasting their and right This as and the back of the roasting The to- the back of the the shelf: the that the upwards. The and the back of the the and the using the and the together, the shelfs exactly the the
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and the release the tly and then of the release Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Meat switching off the when the the of reaches There to The Roasting The Meat the meat used. If replacing, please Switch the with the On/Off the of the meat right the that the the of the meat. the meat the the as as the or the The to the If the already displayed, the then the the function Meat flashes and then the The displayed from 30C.
Select the function and as the reached, sounds and the switches off tomatically. To switch off the Warning: The meat There of when the and the of the meat the meat from the and the meat of the Switch off Checking or the Press the Select repeatedly the function Meat flashes and the appears the If necessary, the using or Checking or the If necessary, the or
Clock Functions Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Clock functions Selector buttons Clock functions Meat
to the clock functions clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Checking the or Press the Select repeatedly, the clock function flashes and the or displayed. heat with the and clock the and clock used, the switches the heating off, when of the or The heat to the cooking the to
Countdown Press the Select Countdown flashes. the Countdown the or about seconds the shows the Countdown lights of the sounds. the sounds and Countdown flash. To the flashing and the Press
Select the function and Press the Select flashes. the cooking the or hours). lights the and flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Press button.
the function and Press the Select flashes. the or the switch-off lights and the cook displayed. the and flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Press
and combined and the the to switched and off Select the function and the function, the that the to cook, the function, the which the should ready, and light The switches the the sounds and the switches off,
Other Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock If required, switch off the the On/Off Press the Select and the the the as the switched the matically. the switched off the clock To the clock nently the clock Switching the clock If required, switch off the the On/Off Press the Select and the the the Child as the the switched Activating the child If necessary, switch the ance the On/Off function select- Press and the Select and the SAFE appears the The child
the If necessary, switch the the On/Off button. Press and the and buttons the SAFE from the The and the ready To that Activating the If necessary, switch the ance theOn/Off Select the function. Press and the Select and the LOC appears the The the Press and the Select and the LOC from the The when the function switched off. If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched
and function: Ventitherm Precision or tional and non-stick Ventitherm Precision bright with Ventitherm Precision to the trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or Ventitherm Precision with to another the the This crease foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
Shelf- Bread, cake Sandcakes/ cake cake Christmas cake or Short C
Shelf- Bread, Apple Choux cakes Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Ventitherm Precision Shelf from C
The cake enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked within the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ too Shorten Dough/mixture tributed too slightly higher to using and increase the dough/mixture the
Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat Ventitherm Precision Shelf C
MasterClass (thin (with of round the Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C
Table and Gratins topped with Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Shelf function Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting C C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions
Roasting function: Ventitherm Precision tional or Rotitherm Roasting Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below meat, roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the as about of cooking roasting and the cook- This roasting Switch off the to the of the cook- to the heat.
Meat, roasting, of Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Yorkshire Ventitherm Precision Ventitherm Precision Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pre-heat Shelf Meat Rotitherm Roasting or or C
Poultry, Ventitherm Precision Lancashire Ventitherm Precision Meat Loaf Rotitherm Roasting Poultry Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting tional tional tional function Shelf Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting C or or
Poultry, steamed) Whole Rotitherm Roasting Ventitherm Precision function Shelf tional Rotitherm Roasting C or
Meat or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to cooked Meat C C C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Defrosting function: Defrosting Unpack the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these the defrosting the the from the bot- Defrosting through the turn Meat, through the Meat, Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Food Further frosting the through the
function: only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the bot- the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the shelf, that there the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C
Preserves The and Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Warning: the switched off and cooled cleaning. Clean the each this to off and allowed to burn that to the when Cleaning used. cleaning, the light every the with of and and allow to the of clean If please follow the instructions exactly. each and to them to clean.
cleaning Warning: The this process. carrying the cleaning process, from the If the that as these cleaning If the C1 appears the The then to that protects the First the of the manually. Select function Cleaning P1 appears the appears the flashes seconds. cleaning then The Light the reached, the locked. The activated and the of the heat light the the of the Proceed as the section as flashing the of the using or or flashes seconds. cleaning then If flashing, the selection and then the the completed, to the switch off The switch off the clock function (within of the the Quick: light of high of
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the with the of and If necessary: light with V, C heat-resistant, light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four mounted the other. The cleaning. The following to when the If the while the tached, the weight to and Rough of the the of the front to Removing the the and, with the the of and the and the the and it the the of their another and them the they the and them Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located, the other the and them the of the as the as they the From the the section of the which the cated the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the
What to The heat The lighting operating (C1 appears the clock The Appliance connected to the electricity; activated The heat F1 appears the closed properly the properly and the If please Service Force F2 appears the The Switch off the the house or the switch the and switch If displayed please Service Force The switched Switch the The clock the the clock The The tripped The the houses tripped The the The Select seconds, then within seconds and buttons Select and seconds the If the repeatedly, please thorised to the electricity and least the released
F3 appears the the Please Service Force F4 appears the the Please Service Force F5 appears the Please Service Force F6 appears the Please Service Force F8 appears the the Switch off the the house or the switch the and switch If please Service Force If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the user from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the tic the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type 15A 20A
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only combined with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 256-A-071204-01