COMPETENCE B8920 Fan/Steam Instructions Instructions
Customer, Please through these instructions to the Safety" the first Please the instructions and to them when necessary. If the the instructions to the owner. The following the Notes that of of serious Notes that Notes that to to the hints and information These to the operating the ance. AEG SERVICE FORCE to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service. Printed from Those who think
Instructions of the Appliance the First the Clock Initial Cleaning the The Functions the Shelf, and Clock Functions Child Cut-out Steam Functions and Steam Vigorous Steam Vigorous Steam Table Vigorous Steam and Vigorous Steam and Table Steam Steam Table and Gratin Table Ready
Roasting Roasting Table Meat Table Defrosting Defrosting Drying Drying Table Functions Yoghurt yeast Preserves Preserving Table Cleaning and of the Appliance Steam Light What to Service and Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Service
Instructions This connected specially technician only. the of or to the the or switch off. reasons, clean the with or high- cleaning Repairs to the specially technician only. from incorrect If repairs become necessary, please Customer ices, or Child children when the This should the roasting, of household foods. connecting to to this leads and should allowed to the hotplates or to become caught the of burns! the become the The to with If the these to this when the of heat, or near the Instructions
Instructions to the or the as the heat built the from the which cakes, the the directly the This or to the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Instructions
Instructions of the Appliance
Instructions
Instructions Combination dishes, cake tins, roasting and trays. cakes and roasting, or collecting meat or meat positioning the Meat Used to the of while cooking
the the Clock The only operates when the clock flashes the clock when the first nected, or Press the CLOCK flashes. the within seconds, the or tons. about seconds. The clock flashing and shows the clock The ready to Instructions
Instructions Initial Cleaning You should clean the thoroughly using the first or cleaning These the with fronts, cleaning Press the ON the the Clean and and the with and the the with and and to the front of the with cloth.
the The Instructions
Instructions The the to too with the of the touch-control buttons The following ineffective: touching with the fingernail only, the the with the touching touch-control when wearing switch the first with the ON COUNTDOWN selecting the within seconds. confirms that the seconds the function pressed, selected. Three incorrect this the OFF and with the ON Switch off the with the OFF
Functions The the following Vigorous Steam 96C. or side-dishes. Steam and Steam 180C. cooking and or foods. and alternately. 150C. to three and roasting The and the rear heating 230C. and or that and or This might cakes, heat, heating and Rotitherm 180C. roasting of meat or This function and The heating and Instructions
Instructions 230C. foods the of the shelf, or toasting The heating 230C. foods or toasting Top heat and heating Heat) 200C. and roasting Top/bottom heating Defrost/ 40C. or and heating and 120/80C. heating and
Switching the Function Switch the with the ON Press the OVEN FUNCTION the function The the selected function appears the field. appears the the Press the or button, to or the The of 5C. Instructions
Instructions the function Press the OVEN FUNCTION as often as necessary, the function Switching off the Switch off the with the OFF Cooling the switched the to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off. Heat The heat indicated the to 40C.
the Shelf, and and shelves the and right This as and turned to- the back of the the shelf: the the the and the and/or the Instructions
Instructions Meat switching off the when the the of reaches The meat with the heating) and Rotitherm There to Chapter of Roasting Core Chapter of Meat the meat supplied! If replacing, please Where the meat the meat, that the the the meat the the of the red. the function and white. Press the MEAT PROBE The 70C as the the of the
You the to the the or buttons. about seconds, the right of the appears the of the The from 30C. Checking or the Press the MEAT PROBE to the Press the MEAT PROBE and then the or to the selected the reaches the selected sounded and the function flashes. The heating switched off automatically. the the or button. Switch off the with the OFF The meat becomes when the and extracting the the meat from the and the meat of the with the the switches off automatically. Instructions
Instructions Clock Functions Countdown C To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the Clock function selected, the clock flashes about seconds. While flashes, the using the or buttons. the the flashes around seconds. The function concerned then The to Press of the Clock function buttons to the
COUNTDOWN Press the COUNTDOWN flashes. The Countdown with the or to hours the flashes, and sounded To off the Press the COUNTDOWN Instructions
Instructions COOK TIME Switch the Select the function and Press the COOK TIME flashes. the cooking with the or the flashes, sounds and the switches off. To off the Press the OFF
END Switch the Select the function and Press the END and flashing. the switch-off with the or the the function flashes, sounded and the switches off. To off the Press the OFF Instructions
Instructions Combining the COOK TIME and END The COOK TIME and END combined, to switch the or off Switch the Select the function and COOK TIME the cooking the cerned, hour. END the which the should ready,
COOK TIME and END the and the appears, this The switches off when the reached, the cooking sounded and the switches off, COOK TIME and END appear flashing the Instructions
Instructions the clock TIME Press the CLOCK the with the or about seconds, the clock flashing and shows the clock The ready to The clock only the off and the Child
Child The with the child the switched To the child of the functions currently selected. Activating the child Press and the CHILD SAFETY then and the ON around seconds, appears the field. Switch off the with the OFF button. The child Releasing the Child Press OFF and CHILD SAFETY the from the The child released, and the ready Switching off the with the OFF release the Child Instructions
Instructions Cut-out If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The switches off of: 120C hours 120C to 230C hours 230C or hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched
Steam Functions The Steam functions with the Clock COOK TIME or END Chapter "Clock COOK TIME/END). tone sounded when the the tone off To only, through to the of about the of cooking and the of around the slightly. Steam when the The the Vigorous The (about directly the the the The around Switch the with the ON the OVEN FUNCTION the Vigorous Steam function. Instructions
Instructions Press the COOK TIME or END and, the or the cooking or switch-off about the first appears. when the cooking of around 96C reached. Three sounded the of cooking Stop the and switch off the the OFF the cooled from the and with of the to the Steam from to automatically. The (about. directly the tor, the the The supply around Switch the with the ON button. the OVEN FUNCTION the Steam function and the with the or button. Press the COOK TIME or END and, the or the cooking or switch-off Then as Vigorous Steam.
and Steam the Vigorous Steam or Steam the Steam Dishes Ordinary heat-resistant and roasting tins! Chrome food The found the following to count from the cooking than or items, top with necessary. With Vigorous Steam and Steam the grease otherwise, cooking If thoroughly the hoses, and Chapter and Clean- Instructions
Instructions to the Steam The the cooking and selection of typical dishes. and cooking only, as these the consistency and of the food, and type of or If the the that otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. Vigorous Steam Vigorous Steam cooking of food, fresh or It poaching, or blanching meat, corn, and the dishes, irrespective of or cooking The following
Vigorous Steam Table of whole Tomatoes, whole whole chopped chopped chopped Defrosting and cooking Blanching beans Blanching of Meat Trout, Instructions Vigorous Steam
Instructions Vigorous Steam and Vigorous Steam and combined, the other, then them together to cook the that they ready to the with the function. the and side-dishes, heat-proof dishes, and the Vigorous Steam and cook together ready. using the Vigorous Steam function, the cooled to of around 85C cooling, the Vigorous Steam and of meat sprouts, Core of should around 60-63C switching to Vigorous Steam. Function Vigorous Steam and Meat C Meat and side-dishes function
Steam Steam cooking roasting of meat, and or re-heating food cooked viously. Steam Table than of food Complete recombined and meat Meat uncooked, of of whole C Instructions Steam
Instructions the or heat), or coated tins. or the bright With and to the trays: and and
the grease as otherwise prolonged and top unevenly. to count from the the with the the front! cakes the of the shelf. With or each other the shelf. This increase to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of and the type of with the and then choos- higher as necessary, required, or too If the the that If or than cakes, and of first. If this please the rates of as With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that with the cold. Instructions
Instructions Table cake or Short Short Apple cakes and cake Plaited Christmas first .....................................then cake cakes, cakes with yeast dough/ cake type from C from C both
with with and (with top- (thin (CH) Short Dressed with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the the The the recommended type from C Instructions from C both
Instructions than Short with cake with white, with yeast dough type from C
The cake enough the The cake too too slightly higher too high and too too too slightly higher cake further or, the too high slightly too higher Too the dough to too shorter Yeast the dough the Grease the grease Grease the grease Instructions slightly and
Instructions and Gratin Pre-heat the Information type the function the Rotitherm Shelf from Shelf from C C
Ready Meals Food to cooked Chips Turn chips foods the cook- This of the the item and the Once the cooled the Shelf from Rotitherm C function Instructions with the tions with the instructions with the tions with the instructions with the tions with the instructions
Instructions Roasting roasting, the Rotitherm or Roasting heat-resistant roasting (please the instructions). roasting with that these heat-resistant (please the instructions). roasts directly the or the with the of roasting these with This the meat To crackling, roasted the without the of of Roasting the cleaner! The found the following
to the Roasting Table The the cooking and of These only. meat and from weight the the function and other of meat, using the Rotitherm function. To meat or from burning and sticking to the Turn the meat as about of cooking roasts and with their while This Switch the off the of roasting to of the heat. Instructions
Instructions Roasting of Meat or each thick each thick each thick Meat of (pre-cooked) of of of Quantity Rotitherm from C from C each thick
of Meat Chine of to of of of Poultry Poultry (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the Information the function Quantity Rotitherm each each from C Instructions from C
Instructions Meat Table C or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
the or tions with the 230C with the closed. The should pre-heated the with the derneath. foods, the normally used. to the Table These only, and the type and of the meat, or of meat or Turn the food about through the of (about Toast Toast with the shelf without the Item from Instructions
Instructions Defrosting defrosting, the Defrost/Dry function with the 40C Defrosting Unpack the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the the first to the Defrosting The following defrosting Defrosting through Meat, or cover with through cooking Meat, or cover with Trout, cover. cover. Defrost- Item Re-heating the through cooking turn the or cover with
Drying the Defrost/Dry function. Defrosting the or with grease-proof or You food the the or the and from the to the Drying Table Distribute the food the or At through the the food. the food when and while Drying Table (sliced) Damson Apricots Apple Pears Food C Instructions
Instructions With the cooking function, meat becomes and and Switch the with the ON With the OVEN FUNCTION the function. The and appear the The first of the to heat the to 120C. The pre-heating indicated the The the pre-heating completed, sounded. The switches to 80C. the sear the meat the the meat roasting or directly the with the and the pre-heated cooking Table of meat of LOW TEMPERATURE COOKING Pre-heating C C
Functions The that with this to or to yeast dough. the to with cooking to than tional Yoghurt the To the yoghurt, or of around capacity, covered with or the the from the Bring to the the cool to 40C. of (about then and cover. the the shelf. Select the function and the to 40C about hours (or when the Instructions
Instructions yeast yeast dough, the To the dough, that heat-resistant to 40C. the the from the the dough the cover with and the shelf. Select the function and the to 40C the dough
Preserves the Steam function. Preserving commercially of the height. with twist-off or type and the lowest Preserving the This enough to of each. The should to the and the the that they touching each other. Instructions
Instructions Preserving Table Soft Pears, Damsons, Peas, Beans Preserve C to with the off cooking 100C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. the cooled cleaning. Clean the each this to clean off, and allowed to To clean, the ON the light the with and and allow to If necessary, first, or switch Vigorous Steam Clean with cleaner. If please follow the each and to them to clean. Instructions
Instructions To clean the of the the and right the the screw. the the off the The the (to the To the the cover the meat
the the the and the the the screw and Instructions
Instructions Steam the each with with and To the build-up of only or from Chemical the follow the instructions. Water and Steam The and (about rectly the the the about the to the and with the through the with clear, from the with the and the to the
Light of shock! the light Switch off the the from the supply. To the light and the cloth the bot- tom of the the light bulb/cleaning the off the turning to the and and the If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light and to the the Instructions
Instructions the light bulb/cleaning the the Unscrew the screwdriver. off the and and clean. If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the and back screws, and the
What to The heat though function and lected, the heat The meat The Service pears, with The flashes the clock. The light The light faulty. If to the following the please Service Force Repairs to the specially only! from incorrect repairs. The switched Switch the The clock The the applied. the supply. The protection or tripped. to The meat the correctly, or faulty. the Instructions the clock Chapter the first the or protection If this repeatedly, authorised the clock or them Service Force the clock Chapter the first the light Chapter and
Instructions the the of or switch off the or the the of technicians from Customer Service or covered the warranty Service and the indicated the field, and the Switch off the Switch Switch the If the appears Service Force and the Chapter Service) and Cooling to reasons. If necessary, switch off the the
Technical Height capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household and EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic (EMC). This with the following EC 73/23/EEC including 90/683/EEC 89/336/EEC (EMC) including 92/31/EEC 93/68/EWG and Instructions
Instructions The to the instructions supplied. Instructions the Protection to the The which the the of DIN of This to the This heavy. when both and the using the to the The built-in and with They combined with of the
C Child Cleaning first Steam the Clock the clock cooking END the Clock the Countdown the Defrost of the Dishes with Drying cooking cooking Meat Cooling functions light operating heat Ready Repairs Roasting Rotitherm Service and Shelf Steam cooking Steam and Vigrorous cooking What to
Service If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including telephone Clear and of the The and This informa- tion found the rating The rating the of the the right. of purchase. Please that to of purchase should that the chapter headed What to read, as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the RR= AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 13-A-141002-02 to without