COMPETENCE E2191-4 Built-In information
Dear Customer, Please this information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first and the Initial the the heat the Switching the On and the and roasting Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Ready Meals Roasting Meat, roasting, gratin. Defrosting. Defrosting Preserves
Cleaning and of the Shelf Roof. What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the and the from the
of the Appliance Light Functions
Shelf outlet The from the directly upwards the the back of the cooking Top heat and heating lighting heating heat
Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and Shelf or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food
the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To the that already the Selection ton repeatedly, the function flashes. the using the or seconds, the flash- and the clock displays the of The ready to The neither of the or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. The Press the to The then front right front right
the heat Turn the the to the To the cooking back to the It the turned off there heat the
the The with and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the OFF Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. to the C than when Con- Ventitherm Operated Heat Defrosting Rotitherm to three shelves the the C than when Con- and roasting with or crusty defrosting and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toasting roasting of meat or shelf. The function and Top heat, heat, Top heat, heat heat top heat top heat,
the shelf and roasting their and right This as and the back of the roasting The to- the back of the the shelf: the shelf that the upwards. The and the back of the the and the the and the together, the shelfs exactly the the
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and the release the tly and then of the release Warning: of that the securely attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Clock Functions Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the operation of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Function Function
to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the using the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock and the the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the tion flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
and combined and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cooking this
and Table The information the following only. Heat heat,Off Steaming Tips/Hints food cooked foods as with and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming meat Steaming of food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) Searing fry- of cooking searing meat (goulash, Turn through as cooking least as as through cooking With of to Turn through cooking
initially heating the or searing foods the highest heat first. Then reduce the to the heat the cooking Overheated and easily. If cooking foods or chips), please them
function: Ventitherm Operated or and non-stick or Ventitherm Operated bright with and With Ventitherm Operated to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or with to another the the This significantly increase foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
Shelf- functions Bread, cake Sandcakes/ cake cake Christmas cake or Short C
Shelf- functions Bread, Apple Choux Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the of Ventitherm ated Hours: Mins. Shelf from C
The enough the The too too Increase too high and too cooked within the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ too Shorten Dough/mixture tributed too slightly higher to and increase the dough/mixture the
Apple cake and Apple charlotte Pre-heat Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn chips or cooking Rotitherm Ventitherm Shelf C C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions
Roasting function: Ventitherm Operated tional or Rotitherm Roasting Roasting heat-resistant (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below meat, roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cook- This roasting Switch off the to the of the cook- to the heat.
Meat, of Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Yorkshire Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pre-heat Shelf Meat Rotitherm Roasting or or C
Poultry, titherm ated Lancashire titherm ated Meat Loaf Rotitherm Roasting Poultry Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Pheasant, Quantity tional tional tional function Shelf Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Rotitherm Roasting C or or
Poultry, steamed) Whole Rotitherm Roasting titherm ated function Shelf tional Rotitherm Roasting C or
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the shelf and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Defrosting function: Defrosting Unpack the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially the defrosting defrosting, the the from the bot- Defrosting through the it Meat, through the turn Meat, Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Food frosting the through the
Preserves function: Heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the bot- the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C
Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to clean off and allowed to To the switch the light every the with of and allow to with cleaner. Warning: If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of resist- ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: The following with the If the while the attached, the lighter it to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to the the and with the facing of the the and the the of the the the the and the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The cooking functioning. The heating The switched The light If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to to the operating instructions the The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light Switch the the If the of please authorised light
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. UK only PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the tic the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type 40A 45A
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 476-A-011204-01