E1101-5 Built-In
Thank choosing of high-quality products. To and performance of please this tion It to perfectly and ficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the the heat the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and the Clock Functions and The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Roasting Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This only connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, because of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when to allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched Instructions
of the Appliance the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty of the Appliance
Light Shelf Functions Top heat and heating Clock function buttons of the Appliance lighting Heat
the first The from the directly upwards the the of the cooking cookware, cake roasts and foods. cakes and the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function of flashes automatically. To that already the Selection repeatedly the function of flashes.
the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The function (Duration or Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the to the operating instructions built-in It formation operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat the
the Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. the heat Select the heat To the cooking process, back to the The light as as front right front right
the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions The the following Functions function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. and roasting the Light
the the Shelf and the Shelf and tion the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the the the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the tional to cookware from function Application Top heat and and heat with or crusty food items the of the and toasting. food items and toasting.
the and the together: the the the the of the selected Clock Functions Function Function Selection To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the Duration To the to To the switch-off function. of To or the section the First the
the to the clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the using the or button. the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock Duration and the cooking completed, the function and the back to the OFF Press the Selection repeatedly the function flash- the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function lights
the the function flashes and sounds The ton. Duration Press the Selection repeatedly the function Duration flashes. the or the cook- seconds the to showing the The function tor Duration lights the
the the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Press the Selection repeatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights
the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Duration and combined Duration and the to switched and off the Duration function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The function Duration and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this the
and and The information the only. Heat heat, To cooked foods as Cover food Steaming Frying Frying when or searing foods the highest heat first and then foods cooking cooking the heat Overheated and quickly. Warning! to with heat To and based To heat ready meals To to meat To To cook of food, and To doughnuts browns, garnishing Searing Steady Turn To of to cook to sear meat (goulash, as as With only Turn
function: and non-stick with only cake Instructions the with the the front. With with to another the the This increase the foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the How to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of the or and the and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting high- If the the that or to previous cooking and to the the following and
and With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. cake or Apple (covered) Apple to another) Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas first of .......................................then cake cakes, (custard-filled with and with yeast dough/sponge with Yeast cakes with (cooked (with of (thin of C
(Swiss-style) Short whirls with with white, Pre-heat the The enough the The cake (becomes too too higher too high and too within the of cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to using too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher and C and
and Roasting function: roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Chop, Meat of cooked) Amount of meat C
of of of of of to of of Poultry Poultry to to (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the the first from the The of or Amount of meat C each each and
and Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Preserve inC to cook 100C
peas, when switched off Cleaning and Warning switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, clean the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to clean off and to burn cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions exactly. each and to them to clean. Preserve inC Cleaning and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover. The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Cleaning and
Cleaning and Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating tioned correctly and securely both the the of the cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both
the as as the first of the with each and from the It heavy) the with the outer facing something and to scratches. the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as it the as as Cleaning and
Cleaning and the (A) both back their the The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both
the as as the first of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the wards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then the back From the the the of the and Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the (B) each tion the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped the as as
the (A) both back their the What to The cooking functioning The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty the operating instructions the built-in cooking The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the What to the the If the of please authorised
with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the tion the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please with this. If covered the ranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only combined with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK,
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 165-A-260509-01