COMPETENCE E2190-1 Built-In information
Customer, Please these operating instructions please the section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to AEG Service Force to with technical and telephone Customer Service information, the section Service Printed Thinking acting
Instructions of the Appliance Features. the first the Initial Cleaning. the with the the Switching the On and the Shelf and Universal Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the Tables and cooking the Table Roasting Meat, roasting, gratin. Defrosting. Defrosting
Cleaning and of the Appliance Shelf Lighting. Roof. What to Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions Instructions the Warranty Service and
Instructions The only connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the only specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The aged. force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from Council or Health Office.
of the Appliance
Functions Shelf Light Clock function Top heat and heating lighting lighting heating
Combination shelf dishes, cake items roasting and and roasting or collecting with the as lecting the amounts of food
the first the The only function the The function the connected to the or following the or buttons to the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. The Press the to The then front rear right front right Heat
with the heating up/browning, high heat as to or the back to the heat further To back to the
the The with and selection. To the The then Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the selection to the The yellow while the The light while the heating To switch off the the and the selection to the off Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off. Function Functions Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the clean- The heating cooking to three the C than when using the tional function. The rear heating and the switched Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. of foods such as or or toasting Top heat and the heating Rotitherm of meat or This function and gratin'. The heating and Top Heat with the
the Shelf and Universal the and right. This and to the of the or The to- the of the shelf: the with both upwards. The and to the of the and the shelf and together, the the the
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the securely attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and injury.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the
information Once function selected the function seconds. this the the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic deactivated The function and selected or the clock functions cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeated- the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the acoustic
Press selection repeated- the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
Press selection repeatedly the tion flashes. buttons or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the ton.
and combined and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The cook and function and the appear the this The switch cally the this switch off when the this
The neither of the (cook or Press selection repeated- the function flashes. buttons or the seconds the tion flashing and the clock the The ready
and The information the following The switch cooking the of the and the type and of food. cooking the Heat Overheated and catch fire cooking foods or chips) please the Heating of cooking Heating Steaming, heat, off chips, meat, cakes, chops, Frying chops, lightly of food, and meat cooking and occasionally), of or heating garnish,
the cooking function Light cooking Shelf You to using cooking Shelf Shelf Shelf and Shelf and
information Please that the counted from to top. cake the of the shelf. With cooking with the them the shelf. There crease foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes the the information cooking and selection of the and cooking these the and cake used. or tins, the cook- items cakes, should cooked of the first the If increased or the too higher If information of information the height of the item to to of browning the of this please the the amount of themselves Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the to
Table cake Christmas or Short Apple Choux cakes Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-Heat Select the to with, then the higher only required. Bread, Shelf C
of or and cake Shortcrust Meringues with yeast with Pre-Heat Shelf from C
The cooked the The cake and the too too to higher too the cake too high to too Increase cooking reduced using higher cooking Too Next that beaten the the of when food-processor too cooking too high and cooking too the too to higher to and increase cooking
Apple cake and Apple charlotte 1)Pre-heat The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher required. Shelf from C
Roasting the cooking or rotitherm function. Roasting Dishes heat-resistant roasting. If the that the heatresist- roasts roasted directly the meat or the shelf with the meat roasting meat choose which than the to the from and the roasting of meat with or meat). This the meat You of meat that should without meat poultry, If roasting amounts), the Shelf Please the following the shelf to
Notes the Roasting Information the cooking and of The cooking roasting meat and the from of The cooking the type and of the If roasting meat without cooking other type of food the the the rotitherm function. If to meat and cook other the the cooking function. To that from the meat burning dishes, the roasting Turn the of the cooking Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Meat, roasting, of or Yorkshire or Pre-Heat rotitherm roasting and of the The the function and to each the to with, then the higher Rotitherm Meat Shelf C Shelf or C
Poultry, Lancashire Meat Loaf Poultry Chicken or or or or or Pheasant, or or Partridge/ steamed) Whole or Quantity or or Rotitherm C Shelf or or C Shelf
Poultry, food and as chart. The the function and to each Select the to with, then the higher Quantity Rotitherm C Shelf or C Shelf
the function with of pre-heat the the function! amounts the and the together amounts the and the meat together Warning: The whilst when or attaching the Shelf foods, the from the top. Notes the Table The and the type and of the meat or of meat and Turn of meat or through the Warning: with the
Chops: whole trout/hering as Shelf Food from each
Defrosting To food, the defrosting function without Defrosting the food plate and the plate the or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the to Notes the defrosting The below offers defrosting Defrosting Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Defrost and the Meat, or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrosting the Defrost and the or frost covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when (shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the shelf The heating correctly and both the the of the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. 2.Completely back the coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the ously as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: The following only with the If the while the attached, the lighter to and Rough of the the of the front to the the and with the facing of the the and the the of the the base. the the and the the of the and the tion of the free the base. the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located. the and the to- the as as the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the front of the section the and it the section. The the
What to The cooking functioning. The heat. The switched The light If the the please or Service Force repairs to the should ised technicians. repairs serious to the the of caused repairs, the cover the authorised or with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The cooking switched The the tripped. The The The the tripped. The the and Switch the the Switch the the the the If the tripped peatedly, please
Technical Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN EN EN EN relating to basic protection (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to from the with of least (screw-type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They only combined with with
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the below. UK PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the tic the and that the supply earthed. The responsibility should these type
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
C Cleaning cleaning light Clock cook countdown the Clock Functions Combination shelf Defrost. Defrosting of the light Repairs Shelf Shelf Switching off the and Universal Warranty. What to
Service and If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 313-A-110303-03