E3000-5
Thank choosing of high-quality products. To and performance of please this tion It to perfectly and ficiently. To to this to please to of the with Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first Initial Cleaning the the heat the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf and the and Roasting The following this information concerning and information to the information and information Defrosting Drying Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst using People (including who, of their physical, or or their or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when connecting to nearby. allow necting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the carefully. or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched Instructions
of the Appliance foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty of the Appliance
Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating of the Appliance lighting Heat
the first The from the directly upwards the the of the cooking shelf cookware, cake roasts and foods. cakes and the first Initial Cleaning using the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The To clean fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the to the operating instructions built-in It formation operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the cooking off finished to of the heat. This electricity. the heat Select the heat front right front right the
the To the cooking process, back to the The light as as the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following the Shelf and the Shelf and shelf tion the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the the the of the selected function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Fan-assisted and roasting heat cakes with or crusty Defrost and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toast- Rothitherm roasting of meat or The function and to the C than when the
and the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the tional to cookware from the and the together: the the the the of the selected and The information the only. Heat heat, To cooked foods as food to with heat To and based To heat ready as as
Heat Steaming Frying Frying when or searing the highest heat first and then foods cooking cooking the heat Overheated and quickly. Warning! function: Fan-assisted or and non-stick Fan-assisted bright with only With Fan-assisted and the To to meat To To cook of and To doughnuts browns, garnishing Searing Steady Turn To of to cook to sear (goulash, and With Turn
and cake trays: and Instructions the with the the front. With or Fan-assisted with to another the the This crease foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of cake using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting high- If the the that If cakes or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or Fan-assisted Fan-assisted cake Fan-assisted cake Fan-assisted Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Fan-assisted with Fan-assisted with yeast dough/sponge with yeast dough/sponge Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted Fan-assisted and C
and with Yeast cakes with top- (with of (thin (CH) Short Fan-assisted Short Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls Fan-assisted whirls with with with white, Fan-assisted with yeast Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Shelf of Ovenfunction Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted Fan-assisted C
cakes Fan-assisted Pre-heat the The cake enough the The cake (becomes too too higher too high and too within the and Rothitherm topped with Rothitherm Shelf of Ovenfunction cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to using too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher Shelf function and C and C
and Rothitherm Pre-heat the ready Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Roasting function: or Rothitherm roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The of meat, that or crackling, roasted roasting or without using the Roasting The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Shelf function Rothitherm C C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions Hours
Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm of thickness Rothitherm Chop, Rothitherm Meat Rothitherm Rothitherm cooked) Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm of Rothitherm of of to of of Poultry Poultry Rothitherm each Rothitherm each Rothitherm Rothitherm and C
and Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Rothitherm Rothitherm Rothitherm (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the the first from the The of meat or of Toast Toast with pre-heat Food to C
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Drying function: Fan-assisted shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Defrosting defrosting the plate Turn through hours and
and Food to C Apricots Apple Pears function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, when switched off Preserve inC hours to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to clean off and to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If using please follow the instructions exactly. each and to them to clean. Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back Cleaning and
Cleaning and the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
The heating to to clean the Folding the heating Warning: Only the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating tioned correctly and securely both the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the It the with the facing something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards
of the its and of the wards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then the back From the the the of the and of the (B) each tion the of the and the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The cooking functioning The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to the operating instructions the built-in cooking The The house the tripped The light light What to the the If the repeatedly, please authorised
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the tion the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused ate of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the ranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the lowing The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105 SK,
Guarantee/Customer Service
Service Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com to without 071-A-240309-01