E4401-5
Dear Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first Initial Cleaning the the heat the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf, and Roasting the Grease Additional functions Countdown Meat Mechanical and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting Meat Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves
Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This only connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, cially products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Appliance
of the Appliance Light Functions Selection buttons
Shelf The from the directly the the of the cook- of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the recommended shelves and cooking the Top heat and heating of the Appliance lighting Meat heating Heat
of the Appliance cookware, cake tins, roasts and foods. cakes and Roasting and roasting or as lecting Meat exactly of cooked.
the first Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The aged. To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the first
the the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. The switches Press the switch to The switch then front right front right
the heat Select the heat To the cooking process, back to the The light while the the
the the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the cleaning. with heating that and the C than when using and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost and or other foods the of the and toasting and toast- Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and to three the the C than when using the
the the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
the and roasting together the shelf the roasting the roasting the of the selected Inserting/Removing the Grease the grease when roasting to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and the
the Additional Either Countdown or Meat Countdown To countdown. Meat To function selected, the flashes about seconds. While flashes, the the or buttons. the the flashes another seconds. The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock cooking finished, the and selectors back to or Selector buttons
Countdown This function the operation of the Press flashes the Within seconds, the count- using the or buttons seconds the shows the the played and sounds The the
the Meat reached, sounds. The switched off! There to The Roasting Table Core Meat the meat used. If replacing, only the of the meat right the meat that the the of the meat. the meat the the of the as as Select function and The appears the The displayed once reaches 30C and thereafter. the or button, the
seconds, the shown the as the reached the sounds. Press to switch off the Warning: The meat There of when the and the of the meat The switched off! the meat from the and the meat with the meat of the Switch off functions and Checking or the meat If the or buttons once, the displayed. or to the selected subsequently. the
the Mechanical the the deactivated. the the catch forwards the the Press the catch and pressed. the the the without the catch. Deactivating the Press the catch back the Switching off the the mechanical
and The information the following only. Heat heat, cooked foods as food Steaming Frying Frying when or searing foods the highest heat first and then foods cooking cooking the heat Overheated and Warning! Tips/Hints with and based Heating ready-cooked heat Steaming meat Steaming of to food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) of cooking searing meat Turn through Steady cooking and least as as through cooking With only Turn through cooking
and function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with With Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of using the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and cake or Convection with heating cakes Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
with cakes with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
than Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating C Shelf from and
and The cake enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and
(thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C and
and and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating and C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
and Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat.
Roasting Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of and C
and Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the C
Meat or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core and C C C
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting defrosting the plate Turn through and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions exactly. (shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Cleaning and
Cleaning and Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with three of mounted the oth- er.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion
of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them wards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the bot- of the the other and them. the first, then the Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis pushed the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped
the as as theclamping (A) both back their the Cleaning and
What to What to The cooking The heat The switched F2 appears the The meat ted properly the The light If to the following the tions, please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or of charge, the warranty the instruction the built-in The The tion tripped The blown the Switch the the the or protection If these tripped repeatedly, should the meat as as the the of the
with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to What to
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service Service, S:t S-105
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 732-M-170707-01