E4431-5 Built-In
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information: Warning! This read! the of and information to the information and Information protection
Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the the heat the Switching the On and Functions the Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Grease Meat Clock Functions Switching off the Mechanical and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting Meat Table Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves
Cleaning and of the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. to the only service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, because of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, cially containing starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This age to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Appliance
of the Appliance Functions Light Function buttons
Shelf of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the recommended shelves and cooking the The from the directly the the of the cook- Top heat and heating of the Appliance lighting Meat lighting heating Heat
of the Appliance cookware, cake and foods. cakes and Roasting and roasting or as lecting Meat exactly of meat cooked.
the first and the The operates when the the to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To of that already the Select peatedly the function flashes. the or the about seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only tomatic function or the first
the first Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The aged. To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the off finished to of the heat. This electricity. The switches Press the switch to The switch then front rear right front right the
the the heat Select the heat To the cooking process, back to the The light while the
the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, turn the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off automatically. function selection Meat Selector the Light
the Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating that and the C than when and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods the of the and toasting and toast- Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and to three the the C than when
the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the
the the shelf and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected the Grease the grease when roasting to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and
Meat switching off the when the the of reach- the meat used. If replacing, please the of the meat right the that the the of the meat. the meat the the of the as as the or the The to the The from 30C. function and the
the as the reached, sounds and the switches off automatically. Press to switch off the Turn function and to the Warning: The There of when the and the of the the meat from the and the meat of the the Press the Select If necessary, the using or
Clock Functions To the to To when the to switch off Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To or the section the First Selector the Function
the Switching off the You switching off the To switch off the Press the and the the the To switch the Press the appears the The switched off Countdown or function selected, the flashes about seconds. While flashes, the the or buttons. the the flashes another seconds. The to Press of the to the The function and selected or the clock cooking finished, the and selectors back to
Countdown Press the Select repeatedly the function Countdown flashes. Within seconds the count- the or buttons hours The function Countdown lights seconds the shows the the and the function flashes. sounds. The the
the Press the Select repeatedly the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
Press the repeatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the the
the and and the to switched and off the function, the cooking the hour the function, the which the to ready, The function and light and the shown the The switches the switches off when the cook
Mechanical the the deactivated. the the catch the the Press the catch and pressed. the the the without pressing the catch. Deactivating the Press the catch back the Switching off the the mechanical the
and and The information the following only. Heat heat, cooked foods as food Steaming Frying Frying when or searing foods the highest heat first and then foods cooking cooking the heat Overheated and Warning! Tips/Hints with and based Heating ready-cooked heat Steaming meat Steaming of to food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing Searing of cooking searing meat Turn through Steady cooking least as as through cooking With Turn through cooking
function: Convection with heating or and Convection with heating bright with With Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and and
and Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then of function Convection with heating Convection with heating and C Mins.
and with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
with white, Convection with heating with yeast Convection with heating Convection with heating cakes Convection with heating cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and than Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating C Shelf from
The cake enough The (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to chines too shorter distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and and
and Table (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C
Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of C
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the and C
and Meat or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat and
and Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours and
and Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions exactly. each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher Cleaning and
Cleaning and Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the the cover turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the something and to scratches. Cleaning and
Cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the oth- cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them wards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the bot- of the the other and them. the first, then the
of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped Cleaning and
Cleaning and the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The cooking functioning The heat The switched Switch the The lighting F11 appears the clock If to the following the tions, please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to service to the user from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to the operating instructions the built-in The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the The meat or the of the meat the What to the the If the of please authorised the of the meat as as the the of the
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the and the from the
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they with from the Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service Service, S:t S-105
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 743-M-100707-03