E43012-5 Built-In
Dear Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the formance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance the first and the Initial Cleaning the the heat the Switching the On and Functions the Combination Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves
Cleaning and of the Accessories Shelf Shelf Cleaning the Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs necessary, please Customer Services or Child children when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too Instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This age to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Appliance
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function
Shelf of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the recommended shelves and cooking the dishes. Top heat and heating of the Appliance shelf lighting heating Heat
of the Appliance cookware, cake roasts and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as lecting shelf with
the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function (TAGESZEIT) flashes automatically. To that already the Selection (AUSWAHL) peatedly the function (TAGESZEIT) flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The function (DAUER) or (ENDE)) the first
the first Initial Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. or cleaners. The aged. To fronts cleaning the to Light and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the supplied, as the chapter Cleaning and
the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat You the heat within the of Intermediate selected and lowest heat highest heat Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. The cooker switches Press the switch to The switch then front right front right the
the the heat Select the heat To the cooking process, turn back to the The light while the
the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions the Light
the Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating that and the C than when using and roasting heat cakes with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods the of the and toasting and toast- Rotitherm roasting of meat or The function and to three the the C than when
the Combination Shelf, and Roasting the or roasting or or roasting the of the selected that the the front the the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and roasting together: the the roasting the and the roasting the of the selected that the of the roasting the front the To to the when to the the the back, as as the and then the the front. the
the the the when roasting to the heating from splashes. the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the and
Clock Functions Selector Countdown (KURZZEIT) To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the (DAUER) To the to (ENDE) To when the to switch off (TAGESZEIT) To or the section the Function Function the
the to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the using the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock (DAUER) and (ENDE) the cooking completed, turn the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes Switching the the reappears the The switched off of the clock (DAUER), (ENDE) or Countdown (KURZZEIT)
Countdown (KURZZEIT) Press the Selection (AUSWAHL) peatedly the function Countdown (KURZZEIT) flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown (KURZZEIT) lights the the function flashes and sounds The the
the (DAUER) Press the Selection (AUSWAHL) peatedly the function (DAUER) flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function (DAUER) lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
(ENDE) Press the Selection (AUSWAHL) peatedly the function (ENDE) flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function (ENDE) lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the the
the (DAUER) and (ENDE) combined (DAUER) and (ENDE) the to switched and off the (DAUER) function, the cooking the this hour. the (ENDE) function, the which the should ready. this The function (DAUER) and (ENDE) light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this
and The information the following only. Heat heat, cooked foods as Cover food Steaming Frying Frying when or searing foods using the highest heat first and then foods cooking cooking the heat Overheated and Warning! Tips/Hints with and based Heating ready-cooked heat Steaming meat Steaming of to food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing of cooking searing meat Turn through Steady cooking and least as as through cooking With only Turn through cooking
and function: Convection with heating or and non-stick Convection with heating bright with With Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This significantly increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and cake or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of top- Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with of function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting of function Convection with heating Convection with heating C
than Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the of Convection with heating Convection with heating C Shelf from and
and The cake enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to using chines too shorter distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and
Table (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C and
and and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Shelf function Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating and C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
and Roasting function: or Rotitherm Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness Rotitherm of thickness C
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Rotitherm Chop, Rotitherm Meat Rotitherm Rotitherm cooked) Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of Rotitherm of of Convention- to Convention- of Convention- of Poultry Poultry Rotitherm each Rotitherm each Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm Rotitherm (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the and C
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended shelf the collecting the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and it plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the frosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or movers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and to cleaning, the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the instructions actly. (shelf shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Cleaning and
Cleaning and Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back. the shelf the that the the to the front. To first the the back, then them the front and them
Cleaning the Shelf Clean shelf with and The shelf cleaned the dishwasher. On account grease Cleaning and
Cleaning and Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the turning clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The heating to to clean the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the shelf The heating correctly and securely both the the of the Cleaning and
Cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as it the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
Cleaning and The with three of mounted the oth- er.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first tion
of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the bot- tom of the the other and them. the first, then the Cleaning and
Cleaning and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped
the as as the (A) both back their the Cleaning and
What to What to The cooking functioning The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the tions, please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to the operating instructions the built-in cooking The clock the the clock The The house the tripped The light the the Check the If the of please authorised
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Instructions Instructions Attention: The only and Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Instructions
Instructions
Instructions
Guarantee/Customer Service Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries below the with to the The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Guarantee/Customer Service
Guarantee/Customer Service Service, S:t S-105
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the necessary reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
www.electrolux.com to without 695-M-271107-01