user Built-In EB GL40
when this thinking of
from which You the this Please the The to to the of with of offer of products that that of the of to this that choosing first Ease-of-Mind.
the first of the Appliance Instructions and Cleaning and instructions What to the Service information concerning and information to the information and The following this user information
or to the should this with or to catch beneath the the allow leads to Warning: of burns! The containing when connecting People (including who, roasting and or of the becomes the when or their that easily ignited. this of their physical, or struction to This to without or or food the home. the whilst the instructions instructions nected service the the or Repairs to the the of or to from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or This switch off. children when the Child the lowest Therefore cooking and foods too knowledge, of According to the food, products health to Information
to from the when This switching off the cooling uncovered the the with foods heat that builds the which the These to or of the Rough around the as the or the and trays, when the switched the the directly the the This the the of the front to to the and the the to cakes, when instructions coating as of and They therefore the the of the of the coating the warranty
of the of the Appliance
Light of the Functions Clock function buttons
of the Top heat and heating heating heating lighting lighting Shelf cookware, cake tins, roasts and foods. shelf and roasting or as Roasting (high-sided to and
the first using the first and the flash- the when there nected to the supply or the function automatically. The only operates when the ton repeatedly the function To that already the Selection flashes. the or the and the clock displays the seconds, the flashing The ready to or The function
using the first the the first should thoroughly. Initial Cleaning and the Then the with and and and and them with Turn the function switch to lighting To fronts cleaning cleaners! The the front of the with cloth.
Switching the On and using the the Light Functions Clock function buttons Turn the to the The as as the The light as and the Turn the to the To the off, turn the to the as the heating operation. function. to cool the then to the The switches automatically switched off, the to switches off automatically. cool. the Cooling
the this function light the cleaning. Light Application function The the following Functions that the C than when and defrosting and or other foods Defrost the C than when to three the cakes with or crusty heat and roasting Convection with heating food items and toast- food items the of the and toasting The function and roasting of meat or Convection
the Shelf, and Roasting using the the the back of the interior. This the Shelf and shelf that this the right and from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the the the shelf that the of the selected the shelf: The high around the to cookware from
the the shelf the roasting the shelf and of the selected the roasting the together
the when roasting to the heating from splashes. Inserting/Removing the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the the and the
the Function Function Clock Functions Selector To countdown. sounds This function the the tioning of the Countdown To the to section the To or the First To when the to switch off
the function this the the Press of the buttons to the flashes about seconds. that the function then The function and function selected, selected or and the back the cooking the function to pleted, the function seconds. to the clock the clock The to and to the OFF or using the the switching off the Switching the button the Switching the appears the Press and buttons Switching off the the becomes The only switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
using the peatedly the function flashes. Press the Selection Countdown Countdown button the Countdown hours or the seconds the The function Countdown shows the lights the the function The flashes and sounds
peatedly the function flashes. Press the Selection the the cooking or the seconds the to showing the The lights function the the function sounds and the flashes, switches off. The and the
using the peatedly the function flashes. Press the Selection the switch-off or the lights seconds the to showing the The function the the function sounds and the flashes, switches off. The and the
and the to switched and off and matically the function, the cooking the the this hour. the which the should function, the this ready. light and the The function shown the this and The switches this the switches off when the cooking this
and function: Convection with or heating and bright Convection with heating and to With Convection with heating the with cake and trays: and trays:
first. If this please the rates of or to the to cooking and and as the following This or Convection with to the with the the another the shelf the with heating increase instructions With front. and This to the ference the the Once the and the cooled the foods the appear the of otherwise stated, the With the to of the cooking with the the that switched off about heat. cold. selection of typical the first and then required, or If or and necessary, than If the the of dough or the amount and too selecting higher only, as these The the and the the to the the type of that
and Mins. C function of cake Convection with heating or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Apple Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple off Convection with heating Apple off
Plaited crown Christmas C function of and Convection with heating cakes with bread) -first of -then Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ Convection with heating (with of Convection with heating (thin Yeast cakes with Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH)
and C function of Convection with heating Short whirls Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating Convection with heating with with white, Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating with yeast dough cakes Convection with heating the or roasting Pre-heat the
C Convection with heating than Convection with heating and of cake Short whirls Shelf from Cakes/pastries/breads with white, with with yeast dough Pre-heat the
and slightly too high The enough The cake (becomes higher too to using Too the higher. too too too the the distributed slightly higher too and the grease Grease the grease Grease too high and too cook the
(thin (with of C Shelf of and round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the
and C Shelf function and Convection Convection topped with Convection Pre-heat the as tions as tions C as tions Shelf function Food to cooked Convection with heating Ready Chips as tions as tions as tions as tions Turn or cooking
heat-resistant roasting roasted directly the roasting or roasted the roasting without the with the roasting to roasting (please or crackling, with This the meat roasting these roasting the instructions). of that below Roasting the or function: Convection and Roasting roasting. This roasting The information the follow- about the of If required, the cooking meat and To meat or roasts and with the roasting to and from burning to the using the roasting chart their only. You switch the off of the cooking the heat. the roasting the
and C Shelf Ovenfunction Quantity of meat Roasting of thickness or Convention- Convection Convection Convection of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Convection cooked) Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection of Convection of Convection Convection of
Convention- to of of C Shelf Ovenfunction Quantity of meat and Convention- of Convention- of Convection Convection each Poultry each Poultry Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection Convention- Whole Pre-heat the (steamed)
the collecting the the first the shelf the recommended The of or from the and with or function: with the closed. The should pre-heated with the of Food to Toast Toast with pre-heat
cover with or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting, the shelf the Unwrap the food and from the plate the shelf. defrosting function: Defrost and Defrosting defrosting Further Defrost- Defrosting the Turn through Turn through Meat, Turn through Meat, Trout, whipped when slightly Cream,
and function: Convection with heating the off through the the and the this, the food to or You switch shelves covered with to cool overnight. Drying hours C Food to Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears
as the to such that they the off or reduce the the the of with switch The should to the the the that the first about and to 100C each other. of the from the There enough this the type and the first with twist-off or function: heat to the used. and Preserves cook 100C to inC Preserve The and only. Soft Pears, peas, Cucumbers when switched off
cleaning and Clean with cleaner. Warning: First switch off the ance and cool carrying cleaning. Cleaning and please follow the If structions exactly. (shelf each and to them to clean. the with Warning: reasons, or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. or scrapers, which clean the with scratch the The crack and shatter. or the to which of dishwasher Clean the and the cloth and of the front of the with Please scouring mercially cleaning fronts, and and of the this to off and the with of and cleaning, the light Clean the each to burn to
cleaning or that cleaning scratch or cleaning and plate plate using With while each the the dishwasher. with with cleaning, to the from
cleaning and the and then the First the front of the from the shelf back right of the The the and cleaning the walls. Shelf the The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and
The free. to the of foods. this as cleaning cleaning and On the heating cooled sufficiently that heating of the there of burns! that the the to the front the top heating of and or the to the from the the dishwasher. With while the heating the connecting when Reassembly the with with
cleaning and Warning: of shock! Disconnect from the electricity or to the light Switch off the ply. Lighting the light and cloth the to the cover turning the light V, C heat-re- anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with the cover. the cover
the with the V, C heat-resistant, light/Cleaning of the shelf with and clean If necessary: light cover cleaning and the shelf the cover.
cleaning and The heating to to the the heating when the switched off the of the Warning: the heating the heating the front and forwards and the the and there of burnt! The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the the and the heating back Repositioning the heating the heating the the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
the of cleaning of the off its hinges. the as as it Removing the from its cleaning and the (A) both the as as the first from the upwards each and of the with It heavy). to scratch- thing and the with the facing
cleaning and From the of the with each the the and of the back its the as as of the the the the as as both back their the (A) the
the the clock The clock Switch the The switched The heat what to What to Top heat heating correctly If the please the heat heating correctly the The Top heat heating incorrectly The house the tripped heat heating incorrectly (or or roasting the of the the front of the the with to fronts: the The light please following the If to the Service Force The lighting operat- chargeable, the If the operated incorrectly, the Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs.
instructions Instructions the and their the that the become caught when and the fire protection the the the each with NIN chapter of screws strictly of that the front flush.
include the directly to the least the catch the connection/power supply the the to the to electricity supply The with the supply otherwise the and of the the screws the the from of the the H05VV-F type or other The connected to the with least the the to the and off from the the catch to NIN Closing the from of the recess. the recess. derneath. higher. instructions of the switched off from the
instructions L1, L2 to R, S) Phase
Where should or of The official S.EN.S or official S.EN.S recycling You these to them official S.EN.S www.sens.ch. The ronmentally and the community The >PE<, the >PS<, Please of the To this, the the from the from the and Warning: that the of The the or household and of correctly, and health, which oth- information about the of this of this please caused household service to the or the where purchased its that this the recycling of this treated as city office, the
Guarantee/Customer Service of Service Service o (with or as The covers the service Nous dachat). o o tions of to, the incorrectly or the of caused each two-year from the of purchase or to the of and The the operating instructions and service force intervention third or the of force Warranty
first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to the of technical please service Service the from that the hand, that write rating Product (PNC) (S of them If to the tomer or of yourself, please the Cus- service to to the following information: PNC:
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.ch 503-M-160408-01