EH L4-4
thinking of when this
Welcome to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This nected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their or to the should this without or struction This to roasting and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Appliance
of the Light Functions Clock function buttons
Shelf plate cookware, cake roasts and foods. and of the Top heat and heating lighting lighting heating heating
the first the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flash- automatically. To that already the Selection ton repeatedly the function flashes. the the or seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The only function or
Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cially cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. the first
the the to the operating tions built-in It information operation, cleaning and front rear right front right Heat Heat the and lowest highest switch Switch the off cooking fin- ished to of the heat. This electricity.
the heat Select the heat To the cooking process, back to the The light as as Switching the fry/cook The the fry/cook switched turning to the right, and turned the Turn the fry/cook to the right. turning to and the The then clearly Finally, back to the back to the OFF To the fry/cook the switched back the
the the Switching the On and Light Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, turn the functions and the to the Functions Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating that and the C than when using and roasting heat with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toast- Convection to three the the C than when using roasting of meat or The function and the
using the the Shelf and the Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the This the from the the the of the selected the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
the shelf and the together: the shelf the the the of the selected using the
using the Inserting/Removing the the when roasting to the heating from splashes. the the the and the mounts the the of the the the the and
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the tioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First the
the to the clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock and the cooking pleted, the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the becomes Switching the the appears the The switched off of the clock or Countdown
Countdown Press the Selection peatedly the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown lights the the function flashes and sounds The the
using the Press the Selection peatedly the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
Press the Selection peatedly the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the the
the and and the to switched and off matically the function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this
and The information the following only. Heat Tips/Hints heat, food with heat Steaming Frying Frying Searing cooked foods as Cover and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming meat Steaming of to food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) of cooking searing meat (goulash, Turn through Steady cooking and least as as through cooking With Turn through cooking
and when or searing foods the highest heat first and then foods cooking fin- cooking the heat Overheated and quickly. Warning!
function: Convection with heating or and non-stick Convection with heating bright cake trays: and trays: and with With Convection with heating to the and
and instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the amount and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to and shelf to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
of function cake or with heating cakes Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and of function Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with Convection with heating with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
of function Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating cakes Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and than of cakes/pastries/rolls Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat the Convection with heating Shelf from Convection with heating C
The cake enough the The cake too too higher too high and too within the cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to too distributed the the too slightly higher and and
and of Shelf C (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the
and Shelf function Convection topped with Convection Convection Pre-heat the and C Mins.
and Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Convection roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The meat of that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the follow- only. meat and or the To meat or from burning the If the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection Convection of of Convection Convection of of to of of of Convection Convection Convection C Mins.
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Poultry Poultry each each Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the Convection Convection and C
and function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the the first from the The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Defrosting function: Defrost the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrost- defrosting the plate Turn through and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this, the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C and to cook 100C
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: First switch off the ance and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, mercially cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, the light the with of and to Clean with cleaner. If using please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwash- the to which of dishwasher
cleaning cleaning or that scratch or clean the dishwasher. each the plate with With while with cleaning, to the from cleaning and
cleaning and Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
The free. to the of foods. this as cleaning On the heating of the there of burns! that the cooled sufficiently that heating the top heating of the to the front the to the from the the with and or the dishwasher. With while with Reassembly the heating the connecting when cleaning and
cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat- lighting. the cover.
light/ Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the cleaning and
cleaning and The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as it the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing thing and to scratches. cleaning and
cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting operat- If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the chargeable, the The clock the the clock The The house the tripped Top heat heating incorrectly heat heating incorrectly The light the with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to what to the the If the please Top heat heating correctly heat heating correctly
instructions Instructions SMS comply with NIN of the VKF (Association of fire tion and the hotplates to the insruction that the hotplate the the earthing the cooking and to the instructions. the as as of and the the carrying the and the the both least screws A). reasons, when to heatproof and heat-insulating mounted the height of the and with of least To bore the top where the C).
connection/power supply The connected to the electricity supply trician. H05VV-F type or higher. The with supply otherwise the include with to and off from the to NIN The the that and the of with connected to the the the catch the the the the the catch Closing the the the to it the of the switched off from the 400V Phase L1, L2, L3 (or R, S,T) instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Where should You these to or of them official S.EN.S or official S.EN.S recycling The official S.EN.S www.sens.ch. Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Guarantee/Customer Service of Service service Nous service dachat). influences force o o o Warranty each two-year from the of purchase or to the (with or as proof). The covers the of and The the operating instructions and tions of to, the incorrectly or the of caused force intervention third or the of Service
service Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.ch 03-M-280408-02