948-B-260503-05 Instructions EOC
Dear customer, Please these operating instructions to the section infor- mation the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify function. to the section What to
of the Appliance Features. the Initial the Switching the On and the and the Additional Meat cooking Mechanical and Table Roasting Roasting Meat Table Preserving Drying with Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. Shelf cleaning Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives. Service
The connected the of or to the ance: or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists Repairs or serious functioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child children when the ance whilst This to and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily nited. this the or the vicinity when the To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when it directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the it that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
of the Appliance
Shelf Light buttons Functions Top heat and heating lighting Meat Rear heating Heat
Combination dishes, cake items roasting and cakes and roasting, or as grease. Meat exactly of cooked.
the First Initial Cleaning using the the first should it thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Functions Selection Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The while the The light while the heating To switch off the the functions switch and the selection switch to the Cooling the switched the to the the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the ance then switches off. Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the or, cleaning. The heating roasting and to three C than when The heating and the switched or roasting The heating and or The heating and heat and the switched All-Round roasting of meat or The function and The heater and the foods that the of the such as or toasting The heating foods such as or toasting Top heat and the used. Top Heat foods topped with and foods cooked The top heating Heat that The heating self-cleaning. this splashes and the and off once the cooled. The heated to C.
the and the and The the and right These as positioning and located the rear when the the the Inserting/Removing the The protects the heating splashes of when roasting. the the the the the the of the from the top Removing the of the the and upwards.
Additional Either the or the meat cooking the Meat the function selected, the flashes about seconds. While flashes, the the or buttons. the the flashes another seconds. The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock cooking finished, the and selectors back to buttons
This function the operation of the Press the Within seconds, the the or buttons. Within seconds the the the of displayed and sound The switched off
Meat cooking sound when the reached. The switched off! The meat cooking with the lower/upper heat the and the to tion: The Roasting Chart! Core Meat Chart! Warning: the accompanying meat cook- used. the the of the meat cooking the meat to roasted that the located the of the meat. the meat cooking the the of the as as the function and The recommended appear the The as creases from 30C. the using the or buttons.
Within approximately seconds the the sound as as the reached the The switched off ton. Warning: The meat to when the and the The switched off! the meat cooking from the and the roasted meat the meat cooking of the Switch off the functions and the Ascertaining or the of the meat: The displayed the or buttons once. Additional to the initially repeatedly the or buttons.
Mechanical the the activated. the the catch forwards the the Press the catch and it depressed. the the the without the catch. Deactivating the Press the catch back the Switching off the the mechanical
and the function or the as other- the and the of and Light tins, and Shelf It to items and to three shelf trays: and trays: and
Information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. or with cake them the shelf. There increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the tortion Notes the the information and shelf tion of dishes. The and cooking ance these the and cake used. the first the and only higher necessary, increased brown- or the cooking too If information of information cakes or than once the increased Items that might should the height of the item to to of the of this please the the of cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated, the information the with
Table The stated only. Recommended cooking shelf and type of or Shelf Shelf C C or cakes cake Apple thin Shortcrust the French cake (DIN) Yeast dough cakes Plaited roll/ring, cake sugar-topped cakes with Apple (DIN) (round
of or Shelf Shelf cake C C Meringues Items with Choux Shortcrust and Bread and white Dishes Pre-heat the of Shelf or cake C Follow the instructions as the the instructions other products. the below with the tions as stated the Follow the instructions as stated the
The stated only of or C Shelf Shortcrust the cake Yeast Shortcrust and and and with top- and Pre-heat the foods of or cake C Shelf the instructions other products. Follow the instructions as stated the the below ance with the instructions as stated the Follow the instructions as stated the
Roasting roasting the function. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to tions!). You roasting directly the or the with the below of roasting of meat with marinated this the meat its You of meat that to or without meat of If roasting the dirty! Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of The infor- mation roasting meat and the from of To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the and with This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting Table the or the Roasting Food to roasted C Shelf roasting thickness thick- Meat thickness of thickness thickness thickness of Roasting items the or with Trout Trout coated with weight Poultry thickness Pre-heat the
Meat C or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
the function or wide-area with Warning: the when pre-heat the the the and together Food Function Universal C wide-area marinated wide-area wide-area wide-area thighs wide-area thighs wide-area to items than items wide-area Coiled to items Coiled to items wide-area Whole wide-area Toast (without wide-area Shelf foods should the shelf from the Notes the The only and the type and of or of meat and Turn the food through Shelf
Function: all-round C roasting Shelf Turn
Preserving the heat function Preserving that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Preserving Table The and Preserves C Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C cook- C with switched off
Drying with shelves with greaseproof or You switch the off through the and to cool, preferably overnight. Then the food. Beans Mushrooms Apricots Pears hours C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pres- of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt which the of the when the function used. Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the with and then items. Clean with Information: There to cleaning. If to follow the instructions. shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the shelf the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
cleaning The becomes this process. children including the from the using the function. If using other these the cleaning process. of hand. the Function to Turn the to the right to the seconds, and switch off hours and the process, the and lighting off. The light the released the completed, to the cooled the with cloth.
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clock- and then If necessary: with V, C heat- light the cover.
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. Completely back the brass-coloured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four sheets of to another. The sheets cleaning. The following to when the If the while the attached, the to and injury. Rough of the cially the of the front to the plate the and, with the the plate of its and the and to- the free. the and the the of their another and them the they free. the and them Clean the
the plates From the the the another. the plates and them to- the of the as the as they the plate From the the the the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates attached. the to the
What to The heat. The switched Switch the F2 appears the The meat the meat as as properly the the the of the The light The the and Cleaning). If the with the please or Customer Service. repairs should specialised technicians. repairs serious to the the of caused the cover the Customer Service or technicians. with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The the The protection the or protection tripped. If these tripped repeatedly, should
Technical Height Capacity ty) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of and household EN EN EN EN relating to protection (EMC). This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive Directive 92/31/EWG).
C Cleaning cleaning light Clock Clock Combination of the light Preserving Preserving Repairs Shelf and the
Service the What to section of functions that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC: the warranty the using the section What to the service to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to These phone as
948-B-260503-05 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and mowers) each to of USD than countries around the