built (EOEM61CS, EOEE62CS, EOEE62CK, EOEE63CS, EPEE63CS, EPEE63CK, EUEE63CS, EUEE63CK, EDEE63CS)
instructions Congratulations and thank choosing built to the that through the whole which the of the built and its To the that when that the correctly and that the instructions to and that this reference and to owners. the built please If the Customer This with of Australian AS/NZS CONDITIONS USE This to household and such areas shops, offices and other houses and other type and breakfast type instructions Rotary Rotary with the functions with the Additional functionality with cooking to know and cleaning Cleaning the top light EPEE63CK, EPEE63CS Catalytic cleaning cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the tips/inclusions Troubleshooting Technical specifications Warranty Information of the Please of those through recycling or them If to this please authorities and the of These the of You MUST them or using the The this these This information concerning and information This and information about of the This and information about and of the Installation, cleaning and servicing authorised this of to retained) using the that from the to the instructions followed. that specified and Where the built the of withstanding 70C. If to vinyl-wrapped from authorised should servicing. of to retained) the switched off cleaning or cleaners or to the they scratch the and shattering of the cleaners, as this build-up. the immediately food This earthed. warning Child This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the instructions this becomes should to touching heating become when To burns and should warning This as heater. to fire, the clean and within the vicinity of the operation. or the the of the with or cookware. when items the the off immediately as catch fire. cover the with as there catch fire. the as there catch fire. the To fire, that and the with the instructions. thick of food the catch and become when Children should the becomes should to touching the the Switch the off the light To that shelves and the with the instructions. the as shelf. the warning To operation, recommended that the inspected years authorised service To and to the these hints: the efficiently, cooking of food the of or the Select the location food cooked. the than necessary. the cavity EUEE63CS EUEE63CK) to the cavity.
Rotary (EOEM61CS) Rotary (EOEE62CK, EPEE63CK, EUEE63CK) (EUEE63CK only) Rotary (EOEM61CS) (EOEE62CS, EOEE63CS, EPEE63CS, EUEE63CS, EDEE63CS) (EUEE63CS Only) (EDEE63CS Only) function Decrease (EOEE62CS, EOEE63CS, EPEE63CS, EUEE63CS, EDEE63CS) Upper/lower (EUEE63CS EDEE63CS) (EPEE63CS only) function selectors (EOEE62CK, EPEE63CK, EUEE63CK) Upper/lower (EUEE63CK only) (EPEE63CK only) function selectors Increase selectors selectors Start/stop selectors clock buttons or PYRO CLEAN selectors Cook/Pyroclean Start/stop selectors clock buttons Clock function Start/stop Clock PROLUXE (EPEE63CK only) function Clock
cooking functions or Please and from the and from the of the operation. Please the to operation with and with clean cloth. the the completely the electrically the the of cook clock MODE the electrically connected displayed and the clock flash. To the of hours and the or buttons. seconds the the clock the Once the the clock The clock hour and information New first It recommended to the cook the first the empty, of 180C approximately hours operating Please the this process. Catalytic The already with and top to They the them, wish, with to cooking performance. Their to cleaning them the The to each of the There hand and right the first as the The of the should facing the the that the shows the The right of this. the with the the them and then allow the to to its MUST The the should when the correctly the the Then the front the front and firmly. and The shelves that they pulled right The the and straight the racks. To or to racks: the rear of the shelf/tray of the the both of the With the front to the shelf the Once the the front of the the completely the shelf/tray should with the closed The to the front of the cover the of the the the of the cover. the mounting the cover and the the the the cover with the the and information The should cleaned cooking functions function heat cook Heat from the surrounding the This the around the cavity that food the and cook them the You cook function reheating cooked foods, and It cook and than Please that Heat from the clean heat below the food. The the thermostat and and off to the The Pastry function to to the of and the of the when using shelf. Defrost The Defrost function that the You food cook You Defrost to yeast dough and to and offers the of both and The and off to while the the heated The closed You of which that to cooked food shelf the lowest the lowest to catch to food the cooking to 180C. function heat from the the food. You the function of meat chops, and other cooking foods. with the closed. Preheat to the This the of You of the within the of heat from the food. You the function of chops, and other cooking foods. with the closed. allows to of the and cook than recommended to preheat This the of You of the within the of Heat from the surrounding the as as the the food. This allows to preheat than Heat pre-cooked foods such as (TV meat and the food the straight from the and heat. the of the Heat from and below the food. The heat and below the of the Both the thermostat and and off to You the function of cakes, and dishes.
operating cooking with the Select the cooking function Turn the function to the cooking function. The cavity light Select the To the the clockwise to the light the thermostat the the reached, the heating switches off and the light the below the the heating switches and the light Once the food cooked, the back anti-clockwise force it right round clockwise as this to the thermostat. The cooking function selected the If or the following to the (C). heat Cool heat Moderately Moderately High heat and information Pre-heating cooking pre-heat and Pre-heating allows to reach the and efficiently as as cook food the the cook With Heat function This function allows to reach than other cooking function. Turn the function to Heat, then the rotating selector. the light the the reached the Select the function cooking and the food the With other functions the rotating selector. the light the reached the food the the and the With function Pre-heat the least to This to the of and other and information Cooling built-in with cooling This from overheating and reduces the the It whenever and the top of the If the from the cooling to cool the and switch off once cool. the This when cooking of food from You by: the amount of whilst cooking to the closed. that slightly than the with the If this turn to and This or with with the with that the following features: countdown that when the cooking count the cooking when the and the off. instead of cooking cooking the reached the and turn the off. cooking the cooking and cooking to switch and off the Selecting the Press the MODE the flashing. the countdown the and buttons. seconds the the flashing and the countdown To the cook the Select the function and The light and the heating Press the MODE the cook flashing. the cooking the and buttons. seconds the the cook and the of displayed. to pre-heating necessary. cook the cooking that the clock displays the of the function and The light and the heating Press MODE the flashing. the of to cooking or buttons. seconds the the flashing and the of displayed. cook the cooking the cook and as the Once both the cook and the cook and the flashing and the of displayed. To or To the MODE the displayed. light to the (cook that currently To the MODE light flashes to Press and the the clock hear If the and function the once the light flashing. To off the MODE light flashes to cook Press and the the clock hear This If the and function the once the cook light flashing. off the to heat manually off. clock MODE On of cooking The heat off, the and the and/or cook flash. though the heating off the heat. This to cook the food or the cools If when the off, should this heating account. Turn the function and to the off Press to the clock MODE the clock Press the MODE the clock flashing. Press the or buttons to the of seconds the the clock confirming the clock MODE
or Please and from the and the of the operation. Please the to operation with and with clean cloth. the the completely the electrically the the of the electrically the clock with the to To the of hours and the or buttons the clock graphic. seconds the the flashing, the Once the the clock The clock hour The of brightness. Brightest whenever the the Lowest the the hours of and Catalytic supplied) The already with and top to They the them, wish, with to cooking performance. Their to cleaning them the The to each of the There hand and right the first as the The of the should facing the the that the shows the hand The right hand of this. the with the the them and then allow the to to its MUST The the should when the correctly If purchased EDEE63CS, EUEE63CS or EUEE63CK the cavity. EPEE63CS and EPEE63CK which with these Cleaning these the function. the the Then the front the front and firmly. If fitted, the location as shown with the arrows below. If purchased EUEE63CS or EUEE63CK the These however the to the of the cavity. and The shelves that they pulled right The the and straight the racks. To shelf or to racks: the of the shelf/tray of the the both of the With the front to the the Once the the front of the the completely the shelf/tray should with the To or to With the the or the top of the hits the back the front of the shelf or the the front of the the shelf/tray should with the closed supplied) The to the front of the cover the of the the the of the cover. the mounting the cover and the the the the cover with the the and information The should cleaned cooking
cooking touch and cooking functions and and selection of the following functions as the and below. function from The from function cooking foods such as meals (TV meat and Heat from the surrounding the as as the food. the food the straight from the and heat. the of the cooking Heat from the surrounding the This the around the cavity that food the and cook them the You the function reheating cooked foods, and It cook and than Please that Traditional Heat from and below the food. The clean heat and below the of the Both the thermostat and and off to You the Traditional function shelf cooking, of cakes, roasts and This function that The Pastry function specially food that such as the of and Heat from the below the food. If choose the the heat to 230C to the food. You should then the to what the the of the when using shelf. Heat from and below the food. The the around the cavity that the food the and cook them the You should only of shelves with the shelf. If the shelves used, food the the higher cook first and should then to allow the food the to of Pastry and and offers the combined of both Heat switches the surrounding the and the heat below the The function foods that cooking and the base. It foods such as meat and the food the of the and the Defrost The Defrost function that the You food cook You to yeast dough and to and The Defrost function the heat the cavity. offers the of both and The and off to while the the heated The closed You of meat which to cooked food shelf the lowest shelf the the lowest to catch using necessary to the food the cooking to 180C. The heat from of the the food. The function instead of when the amount of heat function heat from the food. You function of chops, and other cooking foods with the closed. allows to of the and cook than the function. recommended to preheat three This the of You of the within the of LO and HI. The Warm function function to food eating without cooking further. Heat from the the food and the Warm to food while the of the or while the This function higher to the The then reduce to the selected to cook the meat as as the 200C the 240C and then to 200C. cleaning The cleaning function cleaning the It cleans burning off the and and grease from the high This which of the cavity. the enough heat to to cook food the turned off. The function this If this the function
operating cooking with the Turning the Switch the the The LCD and inform that to cooking function. If function within seconds the off. Selecting the or (EDEE63CS, EUEE63CS EUEE63CK only) with On these the to the and Select which to the upper/lower The cavity the LCD which currently active. The cavity as as the cavity. Select cooking function selection of to the front cover of this to what to Press the function or function as as the function appears. appear the function and cooking appear the selector. If other touched within seconds the switch and to heat to the Selecting The electronically The selected within the of 30C to 250C and To the the and to reach the If further within seconds the to heat. The heating the and to slowly, indicating the to which the currently heated. the reached, the the heat switches off and the sound. the below the the heating switches back and information Pre-heating recommended cooking and Pre-heating allows to reach the and efficiently as as cook food the the cook The with built-in heat-up that activates each function. the heat-up phase the heat from the surrounding the as as the the This heat than would The to the cooking function once the reached. Turning the off cavity Press the to switch off the cavity Press the upper/lower to to the Press the to switch off the The LCD off to that the switched off. If the other active, second, the LCD to the of that To off both once, and the On/Off second. cavity light and the LCD then switch off the with the with that to and off the automatically. The cook to the off amount of the cook Select the function and cooking Press the cook button as often as necessary, the cook seconds from the and the cook with the or cooking performance. the The to switch the On and the the clock displays the of Select the function and cooking the cook Press the to the and seconds from the the DELAY SET light and The cooking when the of reaches the seconds cooking function started, it to the to cooking function that already started, the to switched the then switched and On of cooking the cook sound seconds, the switch off and COOKING fINISHED the of the On the right of the the appear together with the cooking and To the of the the If to cook the cook each The to the function and This cooking finished. that, the switches off. and information though the heating off the heat. This to cook the food or the cools If when the off, should this heating account. the The of the countdown the of sounds. Press the the of the or buttons whilst the flashing. seconds from the the flashing and the to count the sound seconds. The and the the To the of the buttons below the Clock/Timer This the operation.
functionality cooking the clock The of of the and To the of hours and and the and buttons the the clock flashing. the of using the and buttons. seconds from the the the You pressing the This to to the functionality without to the the off the Press and the the ON then Immediately the buttons the displayed, sound to the operation. Releasing the off pressing the Press and the the ON then Immediately the the Normal displayed, sound to the operation. Additional functionality Activating the the the switched Switch off the using the Press the function the LOCKED displayed, sound to the operation. The child the child function as active, the clock and Releasing the Press the function buttons the the LOCKED cleared from the The child released and the ready to The sound activated pressed. the off the Press the buttons second, sound to operation. the to the to the off. operation The switches off the or the operating hours when 30C and 120C hours when 120C and 200C hours when 200C and 250C Select the location food cooked. the switch of least from the of the This allows free of heat and the than necessary. foods with of the with other foods. This food to and brown. the turned off the heat this heat to or to of cooking when roasting. This the of the and the cooking items that high heat the cooking the and cakes bright finished or cookware. the This when cooking of food from You by: the amount of whilst cooking to the closed. that slightly than the with the If this to and This or with Roasting meat roasting the the and the 180C and 200C. (It recommended to roasting or to and from This to the and the the the meat. the meat cooked, the of the and to about This the when the meat carved. The the shows and of These the thickness and bone of the Roasting and the or of 180C. of the about three of the cooking The the and the cooking of and poultry. These the thickness and of the shelf location shelves (as shown the below), or they with (selected To and below the shelves, them this cooking with shelf, or cooking with shelves, them and to cooking the efficiently cooking of food the of or the as cook or and recommended and information Cooling with cooling This from overheating and reduces the the It whenever and the top of the If the from the cooling to cool the and switch off once cool.
cooking and information The following as and cooking to If or the following to the (C). heat Cool heat Moderately Moderately High heat Traditional food or Shortbread Meringues Soft cakes Shallow Shortcrust Cornish Custard Yeast *Counting from the cooking food or Shortbread Meringues Soft cakes Shallow cake cake Shortcrust Cornish Custard Yeast *Counting from the and information cooking Pre-Heat and Pre-heating allows to reach the and efficiently as as cook food the the cook preheat or hints of the of and meat. the of the food and You with the or closed. This shows to of food You and with or the meat You the chops, shortloin chops, and chops. or to curling. with or to from Poultry with with or and rind. and the fire. to this and the of the food. These should as and to the food through the cooking process. food Chops follow these easy instructions: and and preheat about Choose of meat or If the than thick If the than thick, the whilst the food as this and from which fire. the food cooking with or food marinated to food as the and The function the the heat around the food. The 180C the and the the of the off or which while the There to meat as both cooked the which the food
with cooking to know with cooking to know cooking Incorrect Select that the food the of the too with other or Trays food cooking affecting thermostat from products too top preheated Preheat too the spaced least and Products or spaced and and too high the products too too the or to light or the 10C Food too the higher too Dont the least the cooking too high the affecting thermostat from and cracked thin too high the Food too high enough to too of and to products and too the Food too higher too Increase the cooking Incorrect the the too the too Increase the cooking Proportions of incorrect the too early the of cooking food to allow affecting thermostat from of meat meat with and and Turn with to with this Although that there when Therefore, this easy and to or therefore to with as to to of and of straight-sided round or cake Then the with grease or Preheat to (170C forced) and the of and light Then beating each and the and beat combined. and beat or to preheated about to or when tested with clean or the of the cakes slightly from the of the cake from to and from cake Cool completely. To Serve: together with or and top with icing NOTE: or spread. based the Australian and
and cleaning and the top light (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) and cleaning cleaners. the of the with or cookware. of or become greasy. You clean these following the below, to its and life. when they The front around the cleaned with cleaners becomes or purchased from Customer The and with that and should only cleaned with and DO NOT cleaners, cleaners or follow the or brushing the and cleaned immediately cloth food cleaners to and The this from tough, that withstands heating and cooling without that GLASS, Treat accordingly! Should about the please the cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the clean. and around or the and clean, as catch fire. or roasting to cleaning. which to to Pyrolitic cleaning (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) the and clean, as catch fire. Cleaning the and shelves from the and shelves they reach the front them the front to clear the to the them clear. the and the shelves the to the and shelves back that they wires. To from the clear. Removing the the the front. warning IMPORTANT: the turned off or to the of shock. and the back light and light Turn light anticlockwise to To light, the light and off. and cover back high should used. This purchased from Customer Releasing the the with rotating to reach cleaning. the freely. the top light (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) The top light the the top of the To the the shelves should first from the and the top screwdriver the the the as shown the Gently the cover off, the screw and upwards, whilst holding the cover with the other hand. (If supported, the cover and the directly of its the with to directly the of the with (A or cloth this.) the cover and right of housing; of cover the top
cleaning cleaning Catalytic cleaning (where fitted) Catalytic coated with specially coating, of This coating rough which and other food the and then This of the the high You that of around the 180C, then the cleaning Every and then should the to 250C around hour to completely the Cleaning Should the become heavily they to of the and cleaned hand. They should least hours and then with cloth. It recommended that the the top of the cleaning creamy cleansers, cleaners, or other the and NEVER BE USED. the the to the The should free to pulled the of the IMPORTANT: The MUST switched off the and the To the the screws the top of the the top and then to from the back. To the the the of the their the back. the top and screws The warning It that the cleaning, the operated The cleaned every or food cooked. The cleaned dishwasher. cleaning EPEE63CS EPEE63CK warning the the Rough to Removing the EPEE63CS EPEE63CK with that to clean the of the cleaning. the to the then the (highlighted the both the the the (about the with each of the and from the the with the outer facing something and to scratches. Removing top of the sections of the each and to release the the Removing Rough around the the to the of the this the clear (when fitted).
cleaning cleaning Cleaning to the as the reflective the function of the dishwasher. only with cloth and with cloth and the reassembly. selected The cleaning and from the Re-assembling to each of back Re-assembling the clear (when fitted) first from and to the of the the the painted facing to the Re-assembling top of the top each and to the of the the with its top the each of the the of the to straight and firm the the of the with hand each and with the of the the of the the of the the the as as the to the hinges. the the below) they the The closed.
cleaning the (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) cleaning of the cavity (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) cleaning of the cavity (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) If the self-cleaning function, cleans burning off the and and grease from the high This which then of the cavity. the cleaning the becomes (approximately 500C). Please cleaning the the clear of towels). It recommended to the its to items cookware). carrying the function, from the This includes shelves, and racks. Clean of or grease from the the the right switch the of the and allow to There cleaning Duration Light Clean Duration includes heat-up and cool-down of Light This that lightly Possibly every or this as about once every months to to thoroughly. This the of Selecting the function clean the function PYRO CLEAN Selecting the cleaning Select Light, or the of the This the cook to the PYRO CLEAN Selecting selecting the cleaning the and the function then automatically. The light then and the function PYRO CLEAN clean and information cleaning the when the the approaches 300C. (A appear the The when the cooled to Turning the function off the This when reached. The cooling increased cleaning and to the cooled This cleaning cool-down the of the with cloth and To the to areas, cloth with and Cleaning the (EPEE63CS EPEE63CK only) with that to the of Positioning the The to to the of the the and the locating to the the locating positioned, the the locating The ready Removing the top the buttons of the the from the the the of with that the cleaning. them! Cleaning the Clean with cloth. scouring or as these the reflective thoroughly reassembly. the the back the with this the and that the Next There reflective coating this This coating indicated its this the as below. Circle this the facing the the top the the the location the locating back its and the the cleaning function to the This overheating and to both
operating tips/inclusions troubleshooting IMPORTANT: off the supply to the the increase of the surround or the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the or heavy items This the the of the hinges. and Steam when cooking when the and or to cooking This with which of and the recycling of This it to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This absolutely back from the when the cooking or the of it to allow of or heat to released. food heated the as with the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. preheating necessary that each of the and information cookware directly the base. the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, glassware and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning. The allows the heat To increase the To increase top browning, the centrally the shelf to browning. dishes, or directly the as becomes and cooking If than cooking the cooking function. Troubleshooting If there with the and/or please: the below service. It to fixing the and charge service the to the below. or of light or heating enough of Clock flashing or Unit when first Protective the amount of properly from the Functions and appear the the This function of the to reduce the of the when only) the heat function that the and top (boost) selected the heat selecting of C or allowing the function to then increasing the to the The light when the The closed The light when The turned or the switch activating to restricted or the information, service or please to the: shown the The plate when the or Customer If information, please the Customer EST New EST If warranty or should the the back turned incorrectly Household blown or supply off (If the household to the Service Child-proof activated to operating instructions) Household blown (If the household to blow, the Service AUTO to operating instructions) Household blown (If the household to blow, the Service to Additional functionality of and cooking functions to CLOCK operating instructions) to Additional functionality
Please follow the below when the authorised stated the building and other regulations: with AS/NZS and of the authority. to plate rating information. The plate the of the The the top of the with cooking functional switch should near the to AS/ NZS should protected mechanical to AS/NZS3000 of with of least the This properly earthed. the the the to match the that the supply (where fitted) To the screws to the through the to the front Where the built the of withstanding 70C. cabinetry coated) of the coating or If the to to wrapped from the Products responsibility caused installation, and that the operates correctly to the customer. If with the as the installation. To follow instructions when to the correctly warranty or and to prosecution. the within this that with the surrounding fronts. It using mounted the and of the IMPORTANT: The MUST to when the directly the the the too to instructions clearance and Cut-out type of (height) C (depth) C Cut-out type of C C rating rating rating EOEM61CS 16A 12.9A EOEE62CS 16A 12.9A EOEE62CK 16A 12.9A EOEE63CS 16A 12.9A EUEE63CS, EUEE63CK 25A 22.1A EDEE63CS 25A 24.2A EPEE63CS, EPEE63CK 16A 12.9A Cut-out type of (height) C (depth) mounting cover plate from of through cover plate and to wires with screws cover plate rear mounting mounting EDEE63CS) This to wired through the only. C mounting mounting
technical specifications Technical F01 or This relates to which associated with the or F02 or F04 or (PT500) of This relates to the which of or or (PT500) too high (NTC) too high (NTC) of (NTC) of F08 or This relates to the and the IOI This the IOI connected while the F09 or Software This relates to firmware and the IOI caused C1 to both and C3 to and F03 or EEPROM Relates to the F14 or EEPROM Relates to the Within seconds of the and button, this TEST MODE of firstly the software and Then the function and through only) and light, cooking cooling and This to the of the and/or the (NTC) the Cooling or of or or FOR SALES IN AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND APPLIANCE: BUILT-IN OVEN, COOKTOP AND FREESTANDING COOKER This the terms and of the warranties Appliances. It Please with of purchase reference should service Appliance. this warranty as to of this warranty the meaning to the ACL; ACL (Australian Consumer Appliance purchased this ASC authorised serviced Products of NSW ABN of Appliances purchased and (NZ) of Road, Mount of Appliances purchased New Zealand; as to of this warranty the meaning to the ACL and includes when Appliance repaired or its to Appliance the Warranty Warranty where the Appliance or household family as the instruction the Appliance warranted months and New months, following the of purchase of the Appliance; where the Appliance (including to directly business or where the Appliance or type the Appliance then warranted months and New months, following the of purchase of the Appliance. the purchaser of the Appliance purchased the Appliance and This warranty only to Appliances purchased and or New and to (and or warranties or New Zealand. the Warranty or its ASC charge Appliance readily service, without and to these terms and or which to or its ASC to Appliance. You that Appliances or become the property of This warranty apply to light batteries, or perishable and Appliances covered this warranty. You bear the of and of the Appliance to and from or its ASC. If of the service bear the of: of authorised and of the Appliance to and from or its ASC, instances, the Appliance or authorised the Appliance the owners and while to and from or its ASC. Notice service, please that the followed. FOR SERVICE or to the of service PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SERVICE or to the of authorised service New FREE CALL (New only) GOV_Warr_Apr11 Warranty of purchase this warranty. You this warranty the to or or workmanship. the following (which the Appliance by: or including to properly or service wear and tear or incorrect supply or incorrect, or insect or infestation to with instructions with the Appliance; the Appliance without authority from writing; the Appliances or warranty or the Appliance serviced or repaired other than authorised or ASC. This warranty, the to which relates and the relationship and the where the Appliance purchased. Where the Appliance purchased New business the Consumer apply. To the and (other than as this including or whether or indirect from purchase, or of the Appliance. Appliances and services the Appliances with that the Australian Consumer You to or and other reasonably or You to the Appliance repaired or the Appliance to of and the amount to The to this warranty to other rights and relation to the Appliances or services to which the warranty At the Warranty its whether or apply Appliance warranty to Appliances and services New Zealand, the Appliances with to the of the Consumer Act, the of and the Act. To about claiming this warranty, please follow these the operating instructions, and the terms of this warranty; the and of the Appliance the of purchase telephone the shown below. You that warranty and its ASC information relation to to to its obligations this warranty. SERVICE AUSTRALIA ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.com.au SERVICE NEW ZEALAND ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS www.electrolux.co.nz FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of PLEASE CALL the of only) FOR SPARE PARTS or to the of New FREE CALL (New only)
Products telephone: The Thoughtful the that know? Thats exactly what wanted! Thats the of that to everyone who chooses or of products. knowledge, and of thought to and creating the of that really and This of thoughtful with insight. Not the thoughtful to and to to the century ease of to this ease of to people of their the The Thinking of from the of It to the and of of thinking www.electrolux.com.au ECN 11A086E Products ABN