EHGL5X-4
CONTENTS information Product first Clock functions the Additional SAFETY INFORMATION the and this and the of property the of the the operation of the these instructions with the or The incor- or Children and people This from and and with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the and the involved. Children with the from There the of or physical children and from the when the or the operation. There the of or other If the Child or function, It and from operation of the the specifications of this There the of and to the of of hints and and cleaning What to the operation. Switch off the each Installation and the service This to the of or physical that the of If necessary, the and from the first the rating It the that the nected from the supply the installation. when the The heavy. the the The which the from the The isolation of You isolation protecting (screw type from the earth and the that the the to without
that the below and the to the other and The base. and built cooking attached with To to the ance, with the from the The earthed. that the the rating plate with supply. Information the the rating correctly shock- and There the of fire. or the the service to or to the and the the to the the The the and the cook- This to physical to or to property. the as or The of the and the become There the of burns. when or the or when or the to to the from the when the while the ance operation. lease. There the of burns. To or to the directly the and cover with directly the and food the the cook- of the the performance of the apply the the when cook, while and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the supply. that the cold. There the of burns. There the that the the build-up of or other fire. cleaning the from to that that and the of property, the with and products or that the with cleaners, high-pressure cleaners, cleaning and If follow the structions from the clean the with cleaning or Heat of the and shatter. the they become and You them. the
when the from the The Heatable The heatable becomes There of burns. the or the of fire the The of with of and There the of fire. or the when the products or items that with products, and/or of or or the the from the supply the of the PRODUCT DESCRIPTION cooking There the of shock! Service or the service of the To the of physical or the from the supply. off the and the catch. This children or from of the There the of suffocation.
Hateable Hateable Top heating and heating heating Heatable plate Shelf cookware, cake tins, BEFORE FIRST USE Warning! to information" chapter. Initial Cleaning from the Clean the first to chapter and the the to the The operates supply or of the function flashes automatically. To the or ton. seconds, the flashing and the shows the of and roasting To and or as to Heatable the cavity the heatable You pre-heat cookware the
tomatic function (Duration or the DAILY USE Warning! to information" chapter. Switching the On and Turn the functions to function. Turn the to Functions function Application Convection To of meat or Also to and brown. With the cooking the that with the informa- tion about the to the Function Heat lowest heat highest heat and Turn the to heat To the cooking process, the to the Light this function to light the To three the crease the C) with Con- To food with brown- and base. Decrease the C) with To and heat To cakes with or crusty bases. Defrost To food. To food the of the and to toast. To food and to toast. switch The while the increases. To switch off the the functions and the to the Heat to which the heat to Switch off the cook- approximately the cooking completed.
of the Warning! To the with the to the right thought the Turn the to the right to CLOCK FUNCTIONS the clock functions function and (necessary Duration and the Selection and function flashes. Clock function Application of the To or the To countdown sounds, the completed. This the operation of the Duration and the the to switched and off Duration To the to operation. To the switch-off function. Turn the to At this the cooking To heat to "Heat Function Function Selector To the Duration or or The related function the completed, the function flashes and tic sounds With the functions Duration and the automatically. to the Turn the functions and the to off this first Duration then
the clock the Selection and function flashes. USING THE ACCESSORIES Warning! to information" chapter. Heatable You pre-heat cookware the or heat the the heatable to the heatable The hatable the the cookware the Re-arrange of the top and The automatically. the heatable to the heatable The off the the the that the the back of the and to the the the of of the The roasting and the These and the of the the the and seconds the clock function the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of of the
ADDITIONAL FUNCTIONS Cooling the operates, the cooling switches automatically. If switch HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS The and the only. They the and of the used. Heat cooked foods as and dishes, heat- ready-cooked Steam meat Steam of food, and fry: doughnuts fry, browns, of cook sear meat (goulash, instructions or to the cooking and shelf to the the With the switched off about the of to the heat. food, the the to: off the the cooling to the cools of cooking The the only. as Turn through the the to the to the the first If the the that the cakes than and first. If this the Cover with least as as through of of to Turn through
The the of function (C) or cake cake Apple Apple tins, off Apple tins, off Pre-heat the of function (C) Plaited crown Christmas first of then with top- with yeast with yeast dough
of function (C) with Yeast cakes with (with of top- (thin (CH) the roasting or of function (C) Short whirls whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes than Cakes/pastries/breads of cake Pre-heat the (C)
than of Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Shelf C (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the Table and Gratin function Shelf (C) C
function Shelf topped with Convection Pre-heat the Ready Food to cooked to tions of the Chips to tions of the to tions of the to tions of the Turn chips or cooking The cake sufficiently below The cake The cake The cake too too higher too too cook the Convection function Shelf C Incorrect the cake too high too higher to crease Too the the specially when too high and too the the too slightly higher and C to tions of the to tions of the to tions of the
Roasting Roasting heat-resistant to (please the instructions of the roasting roasted rectly the roasting or the the roasting (If Roasting of meat function Shelf or each of thickness each of thick- each of thick- each of thick- Pre-heat the of meat Quantity function Shelf Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) of meat Quantity function Shelf Convection of Convection Convection roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the Convection Convection Convection C C C
of meat function Shelf of of Convection of meat Quantity function Shelf of of of Convention- of Convention- Pre-heat the Poultry of meat Quantity function Shelf Poultry each each Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection steamed) of meat function Shelf Whole Convention- the function with with the closed pre-heat the with the functions Convection to Convention- Convection Convection the shelf the shelf as the the to the the first only of meat or C (h:min) C C C
or of Toast Toast with pre-heat Defrosting the food of the and the shelf. with plate or This the to Defrosting Defrost Further the plate Turn through Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, Cream, whipped when slightly Drying function: the shelves with grease or Food to C Beans Food Shelf the the first shelf from the the through the the and cool to the Shelf (hours)
Food to C Apricots Apple Pears Preserving of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the You the to the and them correctly. Preserving Soft Preserve C Preserve C Pears, Preserve C peas, when switched off Information According to the knowledge, food (specially the which starch), Shelf (hours) the the shelf, that they each other. of the to the the lightly to the first about with switch off the or crease the to 100C health that cook the lowest and food too to cook 100C to cook 100C to cook 100C
CARE AND CLEANING Warning! to information" chapter. Clean the front of the with cloth with and cleaning To clean- Clean the each easily and burn Clean with cleaner. Clean (with cloth with and cleaning each and them If clean them or dishwasher. It coating! Catalytic The with coating cleaning. They which while the operates. To this self-cleaning heat the without food regularly: Turn the light from the Select function. the to C and hour. Clean the of the cavity with and the of the plate clean the plate each with and and cleaning cleaning or to the with the and the dishwasher; when cleaning to the plate from mation; Shelf the the front of the from the the from the and the shelf the The rounded of the to the front! Warning! the the that the cold. There of burns! The foods Removing the the top heating of the to the front.
the to the from the the with and You dishwasher. With while with the the heating the when Warning! There of shock! the Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the of the protection of the light and cover. the You the cover the back of the cavity. Turn the cover counterclock- to Clean the cover. the with 300C heat-resistant the type. the cover. the You the the of the cavity. the to off the and If necessary: the with 300C heat-resistant the type. the cover. the shelf Removing the heating You the top and heat- to clean the cavity. this as follows cleaning Warning! that the cooled sufficiently that heating There of burns!
the heat with the front. the heating of the to the front. Reassembly the heating the connecting when To clean the when the from the The heavy! the the as as (A) the the the first tion of the with each and from the upwards the with the and to scratches. the back its of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) the both back their
WHAT TO DO IF Warning! to information" chapter. The cooking ate The heat The switched Switch the The heat The clock the clock The heat The The heat The the leased The heat The top heating incorrectly The heat The heating incorrectly The The the Steam and the food and the ity The shows the clock If to the yourself, or the service that write the the operating instructions the built-in cooking You the the too the The the service the rating The rating plate the front of the cavity. the the If the leased than to the top heating correctly the heating correctly the the than the
(MOD.) Product (PNC) (S.N.) INSTALLATION Warning! to information" chapter. the Warning! with NIN chapter of the VKF (Association of fire protection and the to the tion instruction the to the hotplate and the There to earthing. the as as of and the to the and the recess. least screws to the both A). Warning! to heatproof and heat-insulating plate mount heatproof and heat-insulating height and of least To the the top where the indentations C). to the electricity supply. H05VV-F type or higher. the ance with supply otherwise the with least to and off from the to NIN The the that and the tion The of the approximately with connected to the the D).
ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information CH GARANTIE, GARANZIA, GUARANTEE Customer Service Service 320B the catch the E). the the the the catch F). the the the to the G). 400V Phase L1, L2, L3 (or R, S,T) about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The tally-friendly and with international breviations such as PE, PS, of the the this facility. of Service
service: Installation, Nous service dachat). tions tion influences force o o o Warranty each two-year from the of chase or to the (with or as proof). The the of and The the operating structions and of to, the incorrectly or the of caused force intervention third or the of
www.electrolux.com/shop 892937518-A-052010