user information GB IE EOB
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
and Information of the the the first the and Roasting Cleaning and If something Technical Instructions Building Guarantee/Customer Service to the user instructions instructions instructions and This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive); (EMC Directive); Directive); and
and Information These the of the and those with them. them and the This allow to performance, the and the If Customer The with the and force. The operations the the instructions the the and connected with knowledge, who with the If to the supply of the installation, these should This cooking other the or the of cooking of the of which of the when the cooker. The heat of the heating the shelves and other If should whatever reason to cook food the allow to with the of the cleaning the with the grease fitted), the heating and the thermostat If to of to this or to its specifications. the roasting and process, the and the other of the should from the connecting to the that with or caught the to or of the cleaning the from cleaning the the off or the
that the the OFF when the used. This as or as with hotplate, the phase to V. The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the People This It to allow to or with Children should while the Also, switched the off, This or other whose physical, or or of and knowl- them from the without or instruction to that they the Customer Service and/or repairs the service or service authorised the and to the the of malfunctions or Repairs or The the or its that this to treated as household handed to the recycling of and The of this to the and health. and health incorrect information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
of the Function Thermostat On Thermostat Roasting Cooling light plate
Function The off light The light without cooking function. Defrost This to thawing of food. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without The heat from the top only. The light when the function Thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and The the of with acoustic The Turn the to the then back to the The the operation,
Thermostat The thermostat when the thermostat turned. The the reached. It then and off to the Thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the supply. The switches back automatically, when the Should the thermostat the the first both and the the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused the ventilated. Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to Allow the to This should repeated with the function approximately to incorrect of the enough to the the cooled the other hand, the thermostat of please Customer Service. The cooling The with cooling to the front the and the cool.The switches when the activated. through the the The switches off when, the function to OFF Then the cool Then cloth with and and this to the cavity. the first the as To the the the
the The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This However, back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the cooking process. cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the The four The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the
although that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C own which Heating The heating This that batches of the food cooked the the the top shelf slightly than the This There of dishes. Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the food, of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the interior. The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the maintained.
The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the cool. This The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the only foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting bread, that the top used. The food should turned as required. to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of please that the of the influence the of This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. Cover food with or to cook thoroughly immediately food should when and turned through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this to Defrosting Turn the function to
the thermostat the OFF and On and usually (150C-200C) and therefore to preheat the about the of the Shortcrust or to of the and then garnished This further the type and amount of or with from the The would too If with or the the shelf free the trays. If with or the the the and turned around about of the On than when roasting. which to the or roasted higher (200C-250C). White meat, and the other hand, (150C-175C). The or should only to the roasting right the the cooking them the hour. You to whether the cooked: depressed, cooked through. and which to roasted higher If cooking meat directly the shelf, the roasting the below to catch the the to least that the meat To reduce the of the recommended to the roasting To The plates the the with and roasting or the as otherwise the the heat build-up. to the and amounts of the the of first cooking or roasting to of the dishes. Based to the the
and Roasting Table include pre-heating. The should pre-heated TYPE OF DISH CAKES and Shortbread dough and cake cake cake Apple cake (Apple cake cake and Christmas cake cake cake cake and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and Plate cake cake BREAD AND PIZZA White and FLANS FLANS FLANS FLANS FLANS and and and Yorkshire MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Chicken Whole Whole Whole Whole Pheasant Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and If cook than the them the C NOTES
include pre-heating. The should pre-heated TYPE OF DISH (breast) Preheat Toast The The to to Quantity
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and cool The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. carrying cleaning operation, the disconnected from the supply. To to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with cleaners. the and with cloth. If there or The and The action of (from or however rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the of the Clean the thoroughly This the to off. It burnt Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and using cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT the while the If this the If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further.
Cleaning the The consists of of The and the internal to cleaning the cleaning The abruptly to the internal of when the assembled. To as follows. the the and the the the the and COMPLETELY the from its seat
the protected cloth to the from aged; release the locking to the internal of the and them from their and off the Clean the with and cloth. products such as scouring or they the heat-reflecting of the internal of cleaning, reassemble the the and then the follow- the the correctly. To this correctly, ceed as follows: the internal with the reas- that the facing outwards. The of the of roughness the when the
The of back the right as shown the of reassembled the the to they locked. clean the when as the shatter. If scratches or cracks noted the of the the authorised Assistance the or It to the and or with with cloth cleaning. or products as they the to the around the operation. the of this If to cleaned, or If that the service and the repaired.
The Light the If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the isolated from the supply. and the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply.
If something If the correctly, please the following contacting the Service PROBLEM The switching The light The light It too to cook the or they cook too Steam and the food and the cavity. The SOLUTION that both cookingfunction and selected or whether the correctly connected and the switch or the to the ON. Select with the thermostat or function with the function Select with the thermostat or the light and the Light") The or Following the these instructions, the section Tips. the cooking completed, the the than that shelves and with the back
Technical Heating Convection light Cooling Convection rating of the top capacity
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or E-Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the to the below. UK type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth the and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Instructions Building functioning of the built- the or the which the built with the regulations force, which the shock protection of and insulated such that they without These include the fixing of the or of of built-in The shock protection the building of the The with its back or higher or walls. other or of the height as the the other A) Instructions Building functioning of the built- the or the which the built B- C). the Appliance to the the the to the the four A) which exactly the the and then the four screws B) provided. C
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase
Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
R.A