user EKC6046 EIKM6047 EKC6047
thinking of when this
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the cover this to this and using and the from that
information Product the Operation charts and What to and cleaning Technical instructions Connecting to the electricity supply Connecting to the supply Customer The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information
information These the interests of that them or the of If about of the of these please The to the instructions supplied. The as stated the Regulations editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to NSAI IS813 Editions. The should serviced authorised Service and should used. It that the supply. should the rating that fitted. The If the to base, to the from from the base. This heavy and when to or this the information both and the the used. It to the specifications or the Child allow to with of the allow to or the This and other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the Children should to that they with the CAUTION: when the Young should This to operated of or This to cook and other
information when heating and as they they become too lighting that it the turning off the the or other that or the the when as become the when the or to and food the enough to foods to and the becomes should to touching the heating the that obstructed to of the cavity. of the with back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. the when the sealed or the They they heated. that the OFF when the or the towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with with Cleaning and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire the the cookware containing foodstuff, or the switched the from the supply the supply as the section. If this the the who the allow the to cool switching off the to carrying cleaning/maintenance this with the instructions this or high-pressure cleaners to the
Product Top Top Function Selector Top Top switch
using the using the plate This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating plate found the back or top of (where The protected rated or The rating of the the rating the rating plate from the as this the to the of the with cloth the that the and to off from their become than Children should this emitted, therefore to The cooling the The cooling immediately when the grill/top switched and when the It the switched off the cooled. the the cooling and off, this allow the cooling to cool the switching off the to carrying cleaning or neon(s) The when the (where or switched The It and off to that the maintained. If the as the instructions the incorrectly to and following the instructions the and food heated to The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and caused the To and from
coverings the of the should securely to the trays, should directly the covering the the back of the trays than as they the of heat and performance. and The following items of and with the If of of the items below please service force the cranked and top cranked shelves
The Countdown Decrease Selector Increase The of the manually. To the of The hour clock. the electricity supply first switched the and the flash. To the the increase and necessary, the the the hour clock reached. The seconds and then The increase and buttons first, and then They should To the countdown The 'Countdown' the of of This cooking to It of the To the Selector the 'Countdown' and the reads To the the increase the the to timed. If the to the This completed within seconds of first the Selector the operation of the 'Countdown', the shown the The 'Countdown' sound to the of the The sound button.
To the countdown If and to the 'Countdown', the Selector the 'Countdown' flashes then the shows the The 'Countdown' to seconds and then to the of To the the timed. the the first to while The to that operating correctly and to to cook the To the to switch and off the electricity switched and that the of displayed. food To the of cooking Press the Selector the illuminated. Press the increase the of cooking displayed. If the the achieved. The cooking hours. Release the buttons. The this completed within seconds of first the Selector To the Press the Selector the flashes. Press the increase the displayed. If the the achieved. Release the buttons. The of seconds. The and the to the The should off. the the and off showing that the
To the to switch off only the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food the To the of cooking the Selector the illuminated. Press the increase the of cooking displayed. Press the necessary. Release the buttons. The and the of displayed seconds. the The should To the the cooking the Selector once and the displayed. To To the Selector the flashes. Press the the reads Release the buttons. The flash and seconds to the of Turn off the To the to At the of cooking the and sound to To the sound, of the three buttons. The to the of Turn off the Things to the of of the electricity supply, the and which allows to switch the off. please to the chapter of this cooking It to food the as as food within its and that food and of quality. cooking food to the and the food to immediately. food the covered cooking to food immediately
The The to of To only and with to the used. or crown where food such as chips. (Normal) such as and stews. The which should The of the should than the correctly the To light the The of the You the when the and the to the Press the immediately. the to seconds, than seconds. this release the The should alight. If seconds the operating the and least further of the the release the and the as required. Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. lighting that the If the of the while of the the This would the stayed when the closed. the to off the as cut-off This off the when the closed. The when the
operation To off Turn the to the off when turning off the leaving the the of the extinguished, off the and to the least Things to If lighting turn the off and the correctly. the as or board. This the and reduce its strength. the of the the or the and off the them the to burns and when reaching the when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. to cool
The CAUTION: when the Young children should The this to heat than It heat and preheating necessary. the To the the function Turn the to the right as as This the To the the to Things to The cooling the from splashes as the cleans The Top operated when the To the Press the the and the the of the the the and release the the correctly located when the To the the the and the the right. Release the Protect when the the the the that the centrally beneath the that the the of the the of the shelf. operation
The top The top the of the It heated the top and of the It cooking of food. It to cook fruitcakes, and or The top as the the top the top Turn the top to top Turn the top to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the dishes, and directly the as becomes and To the top shelf The should with the straight the and the the back of the To the the reached. the front that the clear the clear. To shelf, the Each and wire, the these wires. cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
The The cooking of food. The of cooking Preheating The reaches its to preheat the Without preheating however, to the recommended cooking high the preheated first. when cooking or cooked ready meals preheat the first. cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. reduce about 20C 25C Batch The cooks when batch the Turn the to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the To the shelves The should with the straight the and the the back of the To the the reached. the front that the clear the clear. To shelf, the Each shelf and wire, the these wires. cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
Defrost This function foods than It foods, which to covered with icings or frostings, cheesecakes, the Turn the to the Things to The and light
chart FOOD GRILL TIME Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Toasted The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food. charts
charts cooking chart The as only. It to increase or the to and FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Christmas Meringues Shortbread FAN OVEN TOP OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
cooking chart FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Choux Profiteroles Mince Meat Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the that they when than used. FAN OVEN TOP OVEN charts APPROX COOK TIME
charts Roasting chart MEAT TEMPERATURE COOKING TIME 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C 160-180C and Pheasant 160-180C and 160-180C and INTERNAL TEMPERATURES 50-60C; 60-70C; 70-80C The roasting and the chart should to allow and the and of the meat. and cooking recommended or the cooking to then
and and when the or they with heavy which the to the the cooled the or The should and the washed and as as the and cool enough to based the If round with the the type otherwise the performance of the affected. and when using the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and the and to allow thicknesses of food. Position the food to the cooking and further charts Food should thoroughly to splashing. and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting the with the the high Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the as The food should turned cooking as required. and when the top the shelves the switching the Shelf counted from the upwards. There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cooking cakes, the or centrally the shelf.
hints and that food centrally the and there around the tray/dish to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or non-stick increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. of the and shorter cooking the the cooking chart. directly the as becomes and the the shortest when food pre-heated and when the the shelves the switching the Shelf counted from the upwards. cooking than the centrally shelves rather than shelf, this allow the heat to freely the cooking batch type of food, cakes, those of cooked the It recommended that when the shelf should spaced to the cooked. increase cooking necessary. directly the as with the and to the
and when defrosting the food where and through the defrosting The of defrosting influenced On defrosting than cooler It to thaw meat and the this using the function. or thin or minced thin chops, hours. ready approximately hours. the as as the thawing process. of meat to using the function. of meat and thoroughly cook thoroughly immediately thawing. food once defrosted. food immediately or cooked food the once cooled. when foods the follow the of food to bacterial and when defrosting, cooling and foods. hints and
what to What to only to the yourself, as this that service Please the following Service PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The and that the If the Allow the to of hours. The should normally. The and top the The or of the and allow the to cool. of hours that the as The that the instructions the of the closely The correctly. It that the that without the of service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service that the wired to the supply and switched the that the of the clock. that the the cooling when the If the cooling the correctly. service force that selected only the function other the off
What to PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The cooking evenly. that the correctly and Check that the recommended and used. The light to The light replacing. If the cooking the light when the cook The that the that the shelves and with the back The too high or too The light. the correctly. that there with supply. You this the other such as heating or fires The orange/yellow. to the of the the appear to /yellow of the this The or lighting. that the recommended and shelf used. to the or slightly to the that the and that food or cleaning the This with cloth and cleaned with toothbrush what to
what to What to PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The sounds It the to as the through the and reduce as they heat The sound. It the to when this to and when heating and cooling This when the alight and the performance of the
and cleaning cleaning allow the to cool switching off the electricity supply. Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should as they the finishes. and should Cleaning the of the cleaning cleaners, or painted or finishes as the and using cloth and To with cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. the off immediately. and cleaning to of the from the as this and Removing and the shelves and from the the the from the cavity and the of the Unhook the the top and from the cavity. To the the the cavity, back and the firmly the shelves.
and cleaning Cleaning the Clean the top using to the If the the light. You the and crowns to them. to the Clean the crowns and them based the You scouring with If the crowns and this they reasonably clean. the with cleaning the them thoroughly them back. the Crown to to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown. centrally the top of crown and front to back to the properly fitted. ignition. If light then to the crown and Cleaning the shelves, and the the dishwasher. The shelves and cleaned using first cleaning
Cleaning the and The and back of the and coated with Stay-clean coating. They should cleaned manually. The and cleaned cleaners with that the instructions followed and that cleaners with the or painted finishes as this cleaners Stay-clean To the cleaning the shelves and the to 220C. It to the hour or to performance from the Stay-clean finish. and polishing of the Stay-clean This the Stay-clean and cleaning or when roasting only brushing with the roasting increase splashing and of the cavity. It to to meat when roasting. The and the from the cooking as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow and this of allowing the to cook through the over-browned.
and cleaning Cleaning the To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick cleaning and Chemical or Cleaning the outer and The cleaning. Clean the outer and using or used. the or painted finishes. that and thoroughly to the outer Please that the type and from that shown the To the the to to the top of the Top the from the and off. the securely with the with the other hand. the the the the securely with the with the other hand.
If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please service force who pleased to further. To the To the properly located the text 'This should facing the top of the and facing the cavity. the with both the the of the that the to the from. the the To the the the of the with the the top of the the the the securely closing the to the without the and cleaning light The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover turning to the Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply and the of
technical Technical Height: Width: Depth: and fixing clearance fixing 'Location of Appliance'. (If to the instructions. from Rear of B.S.P. connected of least PVC insulated Loading info: AC Loading info: R.H.F R.H.R L.H.R L.H.F Heat input L..P. R.H.F R.H.R L.H.R L.H.F Heat input (H.T. Countries of CAT. GB, IE CAT. GB, IE This with: Council Directives Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 90/396/EEC, EMC Directive 89/336/EEC CE Directive 93/68/EEC Directive 2002/40/EC
instructions IMPORTANT Where and L.P of this that this the type of supply This and/or serviced with the and Regulations Editions and the I.E.E. Regulations. the of Ireland please to NSAI IS813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. the of Ireland Declaration of Conformity issued the (IS813 Editions the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions. This (CORGI impaired with these instructions. the that the of electricity supply the as that indicated the rating This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating instructions found the back or top of (where the of this This connected to combustion products It and connected with the to the The containing the should supply with BS.5440: Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
instructions You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. This heavy and when to the the To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each corner. to the from the supply the as the instructions. If this the the who the Location of the This bed-sitting of than or bathroom, shower or It that the as shown. Shelves, and of directly the top of the (or recommended instructions) and the when with the of the If the to to the than the then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The to the height to of the of Ireland please to IS813 Edition Section7 Permitted Locations of Table4---Locations and L.P.G. below ground or boat, or other the to or height obtained rotating clockwise or clockwise the the front and of the should of the shelves to the correctly
Connecting to the electricity supply Warning: This earthed. earth this to supply to 240V AC only. to the electricity The should switch with least The conductors of sufficiently high cross-sectional to overheating and of earthed to proceeding as follows: plates to that the as shown wires to the to the insulation wires connecting to the electricity supply the wires using wires from the of the insulation. Where Earth wires they sheathed to to the wires the and they each turn. screws securely tightened. the securely of the outer the and that the wires as to fouling. the of the to the to the and switch the cover, that the located the of the fixing the screws the top of the cover. that the cover securely House Earth the connected to the supply and
to the supply Connecting to the supply This to with only. should than R3/8. to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE Carry to the supply. The the indicated. account that to the sufficiently. the hose become when the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS.669 CURRENT EDITION. LPG type L.P.G and of to and or the It recommended that the to with supply and from These instructions should with with the the its and from the top of the right corner. Measure from this This the of the anchor the The anchor the shown below.
testing The as the to the injector. the supply turning the and other and light the The should LP. The to or Turn off the the operation of each Checking the the the crowns and that they correctly seated. the To light the and the to (highest and the immediately. the to seconds, than seconds. this release the The should alight. Turn off the and Turn the to (highest or to the should flow. to the supply Checking the shut-off the Turn to its and the the There should supply to the and the Turn off the and the The supply should to the when the turned To the of Please to the section. the to the and its the user to the this user which the operation of the
please of the with and the authority this. At the of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the switching off the Switching off the Press and the switches off. Switching the Press to switch the The only switched off of the or 'Countdown',
Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk
please the the heading "What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer (Irl) of Ireland recorded
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk