INSTR INSTR UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET INSTR INSTR INSTRUCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction the built-in EOB GB IE
Information This to the British This heavy. when both and the the to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when You MUST hese or using the If Customer cookware containing or or the it switched ON. using other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to clean the allow the to and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. Information please of the with to and the of off the catches, to The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the this instruction reference and to owner.
the the Information to the instructions of the Appliance the First and The Chart Cleaning the Something Service and Customer Conditions to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions: Instructions instructions and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: VoltageDirective); Directives); Directive) and Technical Building
of the Appliance Roasting Function of cooking Thermostat On Thermostat Cooling light plate shelf
Function The off cooking The heat from both the top and heating the heating The heat from the of the Top heating The heat from the top only section) Can The The light when the function Thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and MAX (230C). of cooking This allows to the switch off once the acousitic heard when the cooking completed.The cooking to food the and the function and the thermostat the Turn the to then back to the cooking the cooking acoustic sound and the switch off automatically. Turn the to the operation. Thermostat (C) The thermostat when the thermostat turned. The the reached. It then and off to the The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself.
The cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This the First both and the the The the of cooking first the should heated without food. this emitted. This the Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to This should repeated with the function the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the The four and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the
and and The with which of and the recycling of This it to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This absolutely back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, thesame as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then necessary to each of the cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, should the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, glassware and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase and browning.
The this heat from both the top and This allows to cook and which such as and Gratins, and which top cook the to the Turn the function to the cooking function Turn the thermostat to the Top This function finishing cooked dishes, shepherds This function when It to off or to the cooked through. THINGS TO NOTE The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the and The allows the heat To increase the To increase top browning, the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning, while or polished the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and
Chart These charts as only. It to increase or the to to the the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about of C Notes CAKES cake Shortbread dough cake cake cake Apple cake cake cake cake Christmas cake cake cake Pastry: Choux BREAD AND PIZZA White FLANS MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of with of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream fish/Salmon NOTE: Shelf counted from of the Shelf
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. to the The heat to the of the the cooking to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The chart as and should to the thickness of the meat and its C Weight and foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to splashing. and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. OI
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build- of or other fire, the Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Harsh should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or Clean the outer and using Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT clean the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. or that the cleaned and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. Shelves and Shelf Supports To the shelves and the and with and with cloth.The easy cleaning and carrying this operation, the shelf with the other hand.Then, the and off the Please, the when the The Light the If the replacing, with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the isolated from the supply. and the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply.
Something If the correctly, please the following Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. If these the Service Force and which found the rating Please that necessary to of purchase service Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk SOLUTION that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and necessary "Cleaning the The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase
Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and
Technical The to the instructions supplied. Heating Top Light The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. only type PVC/PVC and earth only type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the British of Height of the cavity Height capacity It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth The yellow and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. BUILDING IN The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C the supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
CUSTOMER CARE High Street Slough SL1 1DZ The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the EOB MDM Forl