EKC603602
CONTENTS information Product first hints and and cleaning Clock the SAFETY INFORMATION the and this and the of property the protection of the the operation of the ance. these instructions with the or The incor- or CHILDREN AND VULNERABLE PEOPLE SAFETY This from years and and with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the and the involved. Children with the from There the of suffocation or physical and from the when the or the operation. There the of or other If the Child or function, It and from of the Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com hints and and cleaning What to GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND Customer Service www.electrolux.com GENERAL SAFETY the of this There the of and to the the operation. Switch off the each INSTALLATION The this ance the (or technician and the service This to the of or physical injury. that the of If necessary, the and from the first the rating It the the ordinances, and force the where the recycling regulations, or when the The heavy. the the to without
that the nected from the supply the the to the other and the base. ELECTRICAL CONNECTION The earthed. that the the rating with supply. Information the the rating You the isolation protecting (screw type from the earth and tors. The isolation which the from the The isolation of The shock protection such that they without correctly shock- to or near the and There of fire. to or age to the and the that the the the to the the or the the service USE the cooking the and This to physical to or to property. the from the when the while the ance operation. lease. There of burns. this with the with the as or The cooking of the There of burns. cutlery or the as they become The of the becomes There of burns. when or the or The and its become to touching the heating continuously supervised. the The of with of and There the of fire. or the when the products or items that with products, and/or of or or the There of or fire. the cooking to "off" each the cooking with cookware or without cookware cookware This to the cookware and If or cookware the the cookware to the the heat to the when or the to to the of or with
scratch the them the of the the performance of the To or to the directly the and cover with directly the and food the the cook- apply the the below the there heat-resistant cover They the of the top the that to If there crack the the supply. There of shock. heat-conducting thin or metal-plated heat conductors) the cookware. heat reflection the cooking CARE AND CLEANING that the cold. There of burns. There that the the build-up of or other fire. cleaning the from and the of property, only the with and products or products that the with cleaners, high-pressure cleaners, cleaning and removers. If follow the structions from the the heating and the thermostat the with cleaning or Heat of the and shatter. the they become and You them. the service when the from the The this selected household only. They the or of household If it becomes to the of the and specifically household ances only. the from the supply the of the There the of shock. Cool the There of burns. SERVICE CENTRE or the service only DISPOSAL OF THE APPLIANCE To the of physical or Disconnect the from the supply. off the and the catch. This or from closed of the There of suffocation.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION GENERAL OVERVIEW CONTROL PANEL Top function cooling Heating plate Heating and heating Shelf of the Shelf of the top Top
COOKING SURFACE LAYOUT ACCESSORIES roasting To and or as to BEFORE FIRST USE Warning! to information" chapter. INITIAL CLEANING from the Clean the first to chapter and SETTING THE TIME The operates the to the supply or of HOB DAILY USE Warning! to information" chapter. cooking cooking cooking heat cooking The roasting To the roasting cookware, cake tins, the function flashes ically. To the or button. seconds, the flashing and the shows the of function (Duration or the PREHEATING function and function and This to off from the Accessories become than this and emitted. This the
HEAT SETTINGS Function Heat lowest heat highest heat and Turn the to heat To the cooking process, the to the the heat to Switch off the cook- approximately the cooking completed. USE OF THE DOUBLE ZONE Warning! To the with the to the right thought the HOB HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS Warning! to information" chapter. COOKWARE The of the cookware as thick and as of and with or bot- toms ENERGY SAVING If the the cookware. Heat cooked foods as switch to: Turn the to the right to Turn the to hear click. At this the cooking To heat to "Heat RESIDUAL HEAT INDICATOR The heat when cooking Warning! of burns from heat! cookware cooking Stop the cooking the of the cooking to heat. The of and cooking the EXAMPLES OF COOKING APPLICATIONS The the only. Cover with
Heat and dishes, heating ready-cooked Steam meat Steam of food, and doughnuts browns, of cook sear meat (goulash, HOB CARE AND CLEANING Warning! to information" chapter. Clean the each cookware with Scratches or the the operates. To the immediately: tic, and food with If the to the the the the and the the the sufficiently cool: cleaning or OVEN DAILY USE Warning! to information" chapter. COOLING FAN the operates, the cooling switches to the to: as Clean the with cloth and At the the with cloth. of the cool. If switch off the the cooling to the cools least as as through of of to Turn through Turn through
ACTIVATING AND DEACTIVATING THE TOP OVEN Turn the the top and to function. The while the operates. To the the the top and to the ACTIVATING AND DEACTIVATING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the the tions to function. The while the operates. The while the the increases. TOP OVEN FUNCTIONS function Application Particularly cooking of food. To food items the of the shelf. To toasts. To food items the of the shelf. To toasts. MAIN OVEN FUNCTIONS function Application The To food items To toasts. OFF The OFF. To light the interior. The To food items To toasts. OFF The OFF. Lights without cooking function. cooking both from the top and To and To the the the functions and the the to the The switches to OFF, when the reached.
function Application heating OVEN CLOCK FUNCTIONS ELECTRONIC PROGRAMMER Clock function Application of the To or the To countdown sounds, the completed. This function the operation of the Duration and the the to switched and off this first Duration then The function cooking of food. the C than when Thermaflow roasting of meat or The Thermal tion and browning. To or and the food that the cook- using than shelf, without ference. cooking from the of the To cakes with or crusty bases. Thaws food. The off Defrost Duration To the to operation. To the switch-off function. Function Function Selector SETTING THE CLOCK FUNCTIONS
the Selection and function flashes. To the Duration or or The related function the completed, the function flashes and acoustic sounds With the Duration and the switches off automatically. OVEN USING THE ACCESSORIES Warning! to information" chapter. INSERTING THE OVEN ACCESSORIES the that the the back of the and to the the the of of the The roasting and the These and the of the the the to the CANCELLING THE CLOCK FUNCTIONS the Selection and necessary function flashes. and seconds the clock function the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of of the GRILLING SET The includes the roasting and the roasting You the roasting turned and
To of meat or the roasting the roasting The of the roasting the roasting the ance, the OVEN HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS Warning! to information" chapter. The and the only. They the and tity of the used. roasting cakes. the TOP OVEN The top the of the It shelf to cook of food. It when to cook fruitcakes, and or MAIN OVEN The cooking of food. BAKING instructions or to the The cake sufficiently below Incorrect the To and to toast: the roasting the roasting The of the roasting the roasting the ance, the shelf cooking and to the the With the switched off about the of to the heat. food, the the the the to the to the the first If the the that the than and first. If this the The the
The cake The cake The cake too too higher too too shorter cook the TOP OVEN Shelf that shelves Food Shelf Position [C] Meringues Shortbread Apple Follow instructions too high too higher to crease Too the too high and too the the too slightly higher the specially when and spaced when than shelf and Approx
Food Shelf [C] ped) Pastry: Choux Pastry: Pastry: Shortcrusts: Mince Shortcrusts: Meat Shortcrusts: Tarts, Shepard`s Souffles Yorkshire Yorkshire Roasting Meat, Poultry roasting chart MAIN OVEN Shelf that shelves Food [C] Christmas Apple Shortbread spaced when than and Approx Shelf Approx
Food [C] Pastry: Pastry: Shortcrust Pastry: Pastry: Follow instructions. the 20C Plate Meat, Roasting Chart ROASTING Roasting heat-resistant to (please the instructions of the roasting roasted rectly the roasting or the shelf the roasting (If THERMAFLOW OR CONVENTIONAL COOKING (IF AVAILABLE) Roasting Meat [C] and and and Chicken and and and and Approx Shelf roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the to then
GRILLING the function with with the closed pre-heat the with the the the as recommended the of meat or The of the shelf. Rashers Chops Chops Whole/Trout/Makarel Plaice/Cod Toasted shelf toasts. DEFROSTING the food of the and plate the shelf. cover with plate or This the to of food Shelf Meat, Turn through. Meat, Turn through. Trout, Food TOP OVEN DUAL CIRCUIT GRILL Shelf and to thicknesses of food. the the first from the the Turn through.
of food Shelf whipped Cream, slightly Information According to the knowledge, food (specially the which OVEN CARE AND CLEANING Warning! to information" chapter. Clean the front of the with cloth with and cleaning To cleaning Clean the each easily and Clean with cleaner. Clean (with cloth with and cleaning each and them If clean them using or dishwasher. It coating! or Clean the with only. with cloth. or as they the Clean the with the CATALYTIC WALLS (SELECTED MODELS ONLY) The with coating cleaning. They which collects while the operates. To this self-cleaning heat the without food regularly: Turn the light health that cook the lowest and food too from the the function. the to C and Clean the cavity with and Warning! to with cleaners, or other cleaning This the of the SHELF SUPPORT RAILS Removing the the front of the from the
the from the and the the The rounded of the shelf to the front! that the fixing the The of the to the rear. Incorrect to the CLEANING THE TOP OVEN GLASS PANELS The type and from what The of the the the both to lease the to the the To the the CLEANING THE DOOR GLASS PANELS The type and from what The of the the to to the the the
To the the the the to the to OVEN LAMP Warning! There of shock! the Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the of the protection of the light and cover. WHAT TO DO IF Warning! to information" chapter. The The heat the heat The heat The switched Switch the The heat The clock the clock The heat The The heat The the leased The ate Steam and the food and the cavity The shows the clock The heat If to the yourself, or the service that write the (MOD.) Product (PNC) (S.N.) The the You the the too The cooking operated the You the cover the back of the cavity. Turn the cover counter- clockwise to Clean the cover. the with 300C heat-resistant the type. the cover. The the service the rating The rating plate the front of the cavity. the the If the released than to the the than the cooking If the cooking to the Service
INSTALLATION Warning! to information" chapter. TECHNICAL DATA Height Top capacity LOCATION OF THE APPLIANCE You freestanding with or and the corner. LEVELLING the of to of cooker top with other THE ANTI-TILT PROTECTION You the protection (A+B). If the protection, the to the height. The protection (A+B). You the protection (B) right or of the of the ance You the protection (A) the The of the of the protection (A) from the about the protection (A) the height. Screw the or that the protection the the back of the (B) when the If the the than the width of the the to the that the the smooth.
ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION Warning! and the installation. The follow from the chapter information". This without or COVERING TERMINAL BOARD The recommended cross-section the cover, that the located ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household the of the the screws the top of the cover. that the cover securely fas- To the of the TERMINAL BOARD that the as shown. service or the where purchased the Warning! to information" chapter. The tally-friendly and with international breviations such as PE, PS, of the the this facility.
GB IE GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND GUARANTEE/CUSTOMER SERVICE that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: Appliance correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating Appliance only, with instructions. Appliance hasn't serviced, tained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. from light of plastic. Costs to right which improperly to United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and Please Service Force This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the routed to Service Force covering of Service Force and further information, please iceforce.co.uk please the the heading "What to the Service Force to the following and telephone clear of the and of the (found the rating the purchase Please chase or service Customer Please Cus- tomer Appliances, Bed- fordshire, LU4 9QQ or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) Road, of Ireland which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the recorded
and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, WWW.ELECTROLUX.COM M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-08200 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
SK, 17/B, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.com/shop 892937840-N-292011