EOB
etwas
etwas Umweltinformationen (EMC
Brat- Strom
Person Umweltinformationen hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
Thermostat-Kontrollampe Backofen-Lampe
Thermostat-Knebels Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Knebel
Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Kontrollampe Thermostat Thermostat hat hat.
Strom oft oft,
Thermostat-Knebel Thermostat-Knebel oft oft, Thermostat-Knebel
Thermostat-Knebel oft Ton BEACHTEN: hat oft
oft
Brat- C-200 C) C-250C) C- C). Backblech
ART DER SPEISE KUCHEN Backblech Backblech Backblech Backblech Backblech BROT UND PIZZA FLANS FLEISCH WILD FISCH C C NOTIZEN
ART DER SPEISE Toastbrote C
festhalten W/ W; 300C; E14. Backofenlampe: Strom
etwas Service-Centers PROBLEM LSUNG EIN Service-Center
(W) Backofen-Lampe Backofen-Thermostat C C
V~, H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F. C
Privathaushalt
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
It that the instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the These the of You them or using the or and of MUST with regulations. instructions the this This cooking only, and other back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. It to the or the Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the that the the off when and reasons, this should build-up of or fire. of the with clean-liners should cleaned with other than or to the cleaners or English to clean the they scratch the which shattering of the or cleaning the off the switch the and allow to cool. that the shelves the This to cooking to function monophase with People This or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the Children should and should allowed to the or the vicinity when or the cooled cooking and the and the surrounding to high and children from the while other to near
the that the of the and the information please of the with to and the of off the catches, to Technical This should serviced authorized Network Service and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service to the instructions Instructions instructions and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive); Directive); Directives) and The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the first of the and the Cleaning and What something Technical Instructions the Building-in Service and the first using the both and the including the and protective The the of (please the instructions). Once the installed: the thermostat to switch the function to cooking allow the to this emitted. This absolutely and caused of manufacturing. this operation the and cooking function about Once this the cool then the cavity with cloth To the catch the its cooking the first the
of the Thermostat thermostat light light Function
Function and Thermostat They to the type of heating the cooking the heating and to the OFF light The light without cooking function cooking The heat from both the top and heating the Top heating The heat from the top of the only. heating The heat from the of the only. It The cooking This allows to or and shelf, without Defrost This to thawing of food.
light It that or of the heating turned thermostat light This light off when the heats to the and the thermostat to thermostat to overheating to incorrect of the or to the with thermostat which off the supply necessary. when the to Therefore, the thermostat because the correctly, the the to cool If, instead, the thermostat of should the Service The Cooling This with cooling to the front the and the cool. The switches of through the the the switched off, the to to the cool, which switches off automatically.
The the of the operated without the of the of or operation) the restored, the the flash, and the clock/timer to the of the supply switched or the of the To the of or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then as The of function (cook or of cooking selecting function Decreasing Increasing Duration of of
Duration function to this function, the switch off the of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The flashing. as follows: To the or the seconds: the Duration" and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: when this operation, the operated therefore, to the function and the thermostat to the of the cooking To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the and the to the of of function to this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the of or the seconds: the of and the to the of
cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: when this operation, the operated therefore, to the function and the thermostat to when cooking To the of cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and of cooking combined The of cooking to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the of cooking function the of cooking as the the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the function The sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, it To the Press repeatedly to the function. The flashing.
Then, or hours, the seconds: the At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Press repeatedly to the function. The and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press buttons and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the The switched off other
and the cook with the closed. The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. heating (about then to each of the cooking Heat from the top and from the therefore to the If cooking heat from the top or from the the top or the cooking The food cooked of preheated force blown round the of the the of the Heat reaches of the and and this that cook of foods the shelves cooking of and the the and from transmitted from food to another. The of cooking shelf that cook the and to three of and to eaten immediately or Naturally the cooking shelf. this should the lowest of that easily. the recommended cooking and or meat or them and them the The the thinckness of the food. the the lowest with to and cooking
hints cakes (normally C and C). the heated about The should least of the Normal dough should cooked or of cooking and then garnished as cooked completely. Clearly, the cooking the type of should to that and cake of the right consistency cooking unnecessarily. The dough or should therefore to from the or If three shelves with and to the shelves cooking meat and Meat cooked the should least to from becoming too meat to cooked cooked the high-temperature cooking C-250 C). White meat, and instead low-temperature cooking C-175 C). The the accompanying or should the the when cooking they should the of whether meat or to with the meat this that to turn. the of and the of which should cooking The meat cooked or directly the this the shelf to the Should cook food, the meat directly the and the the to the Once the meat cooked, to least that the To the formation of too the roasting, to the and to steamto cooking the amount too the the which should turned to the Warning! to the of the and cover with while as the and the food heat-resisting and the shelves. Warning! when and the from the to the of the cavity. to the type of food to cooked, its consistency, and that of first with the operating the the of to the to charts.
include pre-heating pre-heating (about Traditional cooking and ducted cooking TYPE OF DISH CAKES Whipped and cake Shortbread dough and cake cake Apple cake and cake and cake and cake Christmas cake cake cake cakes and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and If to cook than the to them the Traditional C C NOTES
include pre-heating pre-heating (about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The as only. It to increase or the to and C
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and it cool or to the carrying and cleaning operations, that disconnected from the supply. Cleaning the cooled the with and products, such as these the with and them with cloth or leather. the of or products readily the Another of cleaning the with the top cover to using cloths or products. The of the this operation. Clean the thoroughly this to cooking easily, these from burning the the used.
The The consists of of The and the to cleaning the cleaning The abruptly to the internal of when the assembled. To as follows. the the and the the the the and COMPLETELY the from its seat the protected cloth to the from
release the locking to the internal of the and them from their and off the Clean the with and cloth. products such as scouring or they the heat-reflecting of the internal of cleaning, reassemble the the and then the following the the correctly.
To this correctly, as follows: the internal with the reassembled that the facing outwards. The of the of roughness the when the The internal of back the right as shown the of reassembled the the to they locked. the when as the shatter. If scratches or cracks noted the of the the authorised the or It to the and or with with cloth cleaning. or products as they the to the around the operation. the of this If to cleaned, or If that the service and the repaired.
and Shelf Supports To clean the shelves, and with and with cloth. The easy cleaning. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the with the other the and off the once the cleaning the following the Please, the when the the light the from the electricity supply. If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W; to of 300C; type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise the and with the the cover. to the supply.
What something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The shows SOLUTION the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Turn the thermostat or Turn the function function. Turn the function function or light to Service and following the instruction this to the of this to the chapter and the the than the cooking completed. the of chapter the of
Technical of the Height of the cavity Height Capacity thermostat regulation: from 50C to 250C Heating heating Top heating (Top+Bottom) heating heating Convection Cooling rating
Instructions the The instructions below specifically and should or to installation, and operations with and with legislation and that operations the of Qualified with existing and to the that: the protection and the to the of the rating earth with and force; the or the switch the easily reached the built This with incorporating the shown the rating The to If to the necessary to the and the switch, with of the and with force. The ground interrupted the switch and should than the other The supply such as to that reach 50C higher than the supply the following types, the respective section of H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F. The easily which to with single-phase of The these
Building-in To operation of the built-in assembly, the and the the built-in the fitted-in, there and closed the to the of touching carrying) of the such protection, including covering instance, the the or the of counter) such as to of the without the of This with its back and with to or of higher height. The other instead, to or the In-Column The the shown The the shown
the to the the the recess. the and the to the the four the the and then the four screws Service and If the the chapter "What something the correctly, Service specifying the type of malfunctioning, the the and the the This plate the front of the cavity. the and carrying this Service and authorized shops.
This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Pre MUS o Pred V. to,
ES: (Smernica (Smernica o o
Pre Servis Pred to to Pred
Teplo Teplo Teplo
to, poruche, servis.
POZNMKA:
POZNMKA: RRA OSTANE ZAPNUT,
to Pred Teplo to
C C). to, teda C-250 C). C-175 C). to, roastbeefu
Pred to
Pred DRUH JEDLA KOLE CHLIEB PIZZA ZAPEKAN JEDL torty MSO RYBY C C POZNMKY
Pred DRUH JEDLA Teploty C
Pred Pred handrou
Pred o NEZATVRAJTE
o
W/25 W; 300C; E14.
PROBLM RIEENIE
50C 250C
Pred o 50C H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F.
Servis o o
o Scastou
EOB
www.electrolux.fi www.electrolux.hr www.electrolux.hu www.electrolux.no www.electrolux.pl www.electrolux.se www.electrolux.si R.A