Please this instruction the built-in EOB GB IE
Information This to the British This heavy. when both and the using the to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should it cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. You MUST hese or using the If Customer other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, gative the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the this instruction reference and to owner.
the the Information of the the First the and The Chart Defrosting Cleaning the Something Service and Customer Conditions to the instructions The following found the to throughout the Instructions instructions operation and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directives); Directive) and modifications. Technical Building
of the Function of cooking Thermostat Light Thermostat Light Roasting Cooling Light Plate
Function The off light The light without cooking function. Defrost This to thawing of food. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without The heat from the top only. Thermostat (C) Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and 230C (MAX). Thermostat Light The thermostat light when the thermostat turned. The light the reached. It then and off to the Light The light when the function of cooking This allows to the switch off once the acousitic heard when the cooking completed.The cooking to food the and the function and the thermostat the Turn the to then back to the cooking the cooking acoustic sound and the switch off automatically. Turn the to the operation.
The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself. The cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This the First both and the the The the of cooking first the should heated without food. this emitted. This the ventilated. Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to This should repeated with the function
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the the The four and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. Attention! the and of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the which the and and Steam The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then to each of the cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The of Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
The The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating shelf This that batches of the food cooked the the the top slightly than the This There of dishes. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The continually The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the only and Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly the of the food, of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack.
Chart- the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH NOTES CAKES and cake Shortbread dough and cake cake cake Apple cake and cake and cake cake and cake Christmas cake cakes and and Meringues and and Pastry: and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and This chart as only. It to increase or the to to the If to cook than the that the cooking of the to of dishes. If to cook than the to them the Shelf counted from of the cooking (C)
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the shelf as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. chart to pre-heat the about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The chart as and should to the thickness of the meat and its roasting, the meat cooked thoroughly, meat thermometer to the reached the C and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. OI
Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of defrosting. please that the of the influence the of This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. to Defrosting Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF and food with or to defrosting. ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and turned through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should clean build- of or other fire, the Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and using cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the and using Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. or that the cleaned using and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the
Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. and Shelf Supports To clean the shelves and the and with and with cloth.The shelf easy cleaning and carrying this operation, the with the other hand.Then, the and off the shelf Please, the when the shelf the Light If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the disconnected from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply.
Something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The SOLUTION that the of the chapter the of that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and the Light") The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Work- the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and Slough
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height of the cavity Height The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the below. type butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the British Heating rating Convection Light Cooling Convection It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth The yellow and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
EOB
CUSTOMER CARE High Street Slough SL1 1DZ The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl