225-A-180203-05 information EOB2610
Customer, Please this instruction please the section the first Please this instruction reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to
Instructions of the Appliance Features. the first Initial the Switching the On and Functions Attaching/Removing the and Table. Roasting Roasting Table Preserving Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives.
Instructions Instructions the Conditions Index Service and
Instructions The only connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from Council or Health Office.
of the Appliance
Selection Functions Shelf Light Top heat and heating lighting Heat
Combination shelf dishes, cake items roasting and with the as collecting the amounts of food
the first Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The light whilst the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off. Functions Selection Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the cleaning. The heating or roasting The heating Top Heat foods topped with and foods cooked The top heating Heat that The heating foods that the of the shelf such as or toasting The heating foods such as or toasting Top heat and the used.
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the attached! the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
This function the operation. Turn the to then back to the of sounded when the To the to the To the the the back to OFF.
and function Coated and of heat. Shelf with shelf Shelf Shelf
information count the from the upwards with the to the front! the of the shelf. You with cake with this the cake the shelf. The cooking increased slightly. foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes the the information cooking and selection of dishes. The and cooking these the and cake used. the first the and only increased or the cooking too higher If information of formation cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated the information the with
Table cake or cake Fancy Short After-heating covered cake (DIN) or Plaited with or top- With type Shelf C heat
cakes with (DIN) Cheese/yeast cake Christmas (fresh) Meringues cakes (DIN) cakes with yeast dough) Pre-heat the type Shelf C heat
Roasting function roasting. roasting heat-resistant roasting. If the that they heat-resistant. roasting, and together. the the first from the roasted directly the or the shelf with the below of that of meat should roasted with marinated meat.) this the meat its to roasting of meat without and meat of The roasting! Shelf Please the following the to used. to count the from to top. Notes the roasting Information the cooking and shelf of The infor- mation roasting meat and with weight of the To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the and cooking with the meat This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting Table Shelf of meat of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Chop, Meat of (pre-cooked) of of of of to of of of C Hrs.:Mins.
Quantity Shelf of meat Poultry Poultry Trout Whole Pre-heat the C Hrs.:Mins.
the function or wide-area with Warning: the when pre-heat the the the shelf and together Shelf foods should the from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or of meat and Turn the food through Food Function C marinated Univer- Shelf
Food Function C thighs thighs to items than items Coiled to items Coiled to items Whole Toast (without Univer- Shelf
Preserving the heat function Preserving commercially that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving The and Preserves C Soft with Pears, peas, Beans hours cooking C with switched off
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when Accessories shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the oured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with mounted the other. The cleaning. the following with the If the while the attached, the to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to the from the the and, with the the top underneath, and the the free. the and Clean the the to the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the and front of the the of the then the The tached! the to the
What to The The Switch the heat. switched The light The the and If to the with the please or Service Force Warning: Repairs to the only service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the incorrectly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The the The protection tripped. the or tection If these tripped peatedly, should
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN EN EN EN relating to tion (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation (screw- type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They with with matching
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. UK type PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these butyl insulated
Conditions that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account try. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
C Cleaning cleaning light Combination shelf of the functions light operating Preserving Preserving Table Repairs Shelf and Top Heat What to
Service and If to purchase or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following informa- tion: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further formation products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
225-A-180203-05 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world.