user EOB
information............................................................................... of the The the first of the the The Assisted The The and Cleaning and If something Instructions the Building Guarantee/Customer service Service and to the instructions instructions instructions and This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive) (EMC Directive) and of of thinking www.electrolux.com
information These the of the and those with them. them and the This allow to performance, the and the It that operations the or with existing and This when Once from the that and the proceeding with the installation. It to the tion This cooking only. It or back from the when the or the of to allow of or heat to release. Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the cleaning the turn the off or the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the
cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the People This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. This or other whose physical, or or of and knowl- them from using the without or instruction to that they the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to clean the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the these user instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the user to these user instructions and the accompanying information.
of the Light cooling light plate Shelf
the Touch Con- the the electronically. You of cooking function, cooking and the If the cooking function the cooking function selected. The light The light located right the and activated/deactivated touching the On/Off the of the of the the of the The switches off function selected and of the used. The shows the of Thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the supply. The switches back automatically, when the Should the thermostat to incorrect of the enough to the the cooled the other hand, the thermostat of please Customer Service. Cooling This with cooling to the front and the cool. The switches of blown through the and the as shown the the switched off, the to to the cool, which switches off automatically. This
The shown the the selected function. Function The active. the Duration the the cooking when the cooking finish. when the cooking started. the the reached. 80C activated. option Clock Heat (with shelf heat active (reduced heating-up active.
Touch On/Off Function field To and the function active: Press once: to the higher (function active), seconds the active option. Press and the higher (function switches off). To Functions switch off countdown To To switch or off. To To To of Press once: flashes. Press To Press once: To To fast cook or the to and the Select options Confirm
the first of the If to of these please to the chapter the the connected to the supply, the following shown the the the of the software and the of operation the or the Confirm selected with From the the appear the and the the and brightness displayed. The and the to the section
the clock the and the brightness, the of displayed. or the hour of the Confirm with or the of the Confirm with The ready to The only to the disconnected from the supply Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning both and the using the The the of the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused To this, as follows: to switch the Select the function.
the to 250C. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the and function Once this operation the cool then the cavity with cloth cooking the first the To the the the
the The Assisted Heating Functions Light Poultry Casseroles/Gratins Heat
of of the Switch the with You the With or the to to the The selected displayed. At every back to the with At the of there the option You this to back to the higher Indication Heat+Hold Brightness Tones Tones Service Factory
You Then back the Heat Heating function switched the that the heated heating With functions the heating shortened the function heating. the reached, from to right the heat heat switching off the the heat displayed to the to the The displayed to the instead of the of the heating seconds the heating Press and the the reached, sounds.
The Assisted The Assisted The the with The offer the cook the respective Top Poultry whole Whole of Breast Shoulder Meat Loaf Marinated of of whole whole with whole Boned Poultry of Steamed Temptation
Casseroles/Gratins Gratin Bread/Rolls Defrost Preserving Yeast Yeast Onion White Chicory Gratin Gratin American, Bread/Rolls, Apple of French Browns Drying Plate Warming
of the Assisted Assisted with The roasting the or the option Assisted the and the Confirm each with or Confirm with or the of the food. The The started. as the finished, sounds. Press to switch off the If the within seconds, the automatically. The weight With the food displayed.
Assisted with and or the option Assisted the and the Confirm each with or Confirm with The started. as the finished, sounds. Press to switch off the With the function and the respective them. This the the of food or or the option Assisted the and the Confirm each with or Confirm with You the function and the section the
The Functions The functions the functions and roasting to function Application Heating Light Heat The light when function selected, the light function included. to the the 20-40C than when using and roasting that and base. the C than when roasting of meat or The function and the of 200C. the of the and toasting and toasting with or crusty bases. heating light Top heat, heat, light heat, heating light top heat, light light top heat, light heat, light Rear heating light
the functions Switch the with or the option function. Confirm with or function Confirm with or the Confirm with or seconds. The to heat the reached, acoustic sounds. The to heat the the function animated. the light switched the heating switched the other section Additional
The To To You of Select function or Assisted with the or the function or the Assisted repeatedly the SAVE appears. Confirm the The memory displayed. Confirm the You write the of The first flashes. or the alphabetical or the writing to the right or The flashes and and
Confirm with when written Memory that already Instead of the memory with or the that to overwrite. the Calling Switch the with the arrow or the option Confirm with the or the Confirm with The with its If appears to
The The You of the the of the the clock. Indication On shown when switched off. shown when switched off, switched off completely to On function shown the Select Heat+Hold On function shown the Select On Switch function on/off. Brightness brightness English Select and of touch-tones and Tones On Touch-tones each Tones On tones sound Service ECAIA207 the software and Factory to factory (including function shown the Select and activated. function shown the Select sound. Switch touch-tones on/off. Switch tones on/off. V03IA003 and activated.
and the reduces its brightness when the switched off to of the or the option Confirm with or to the that to Confirm with The currently appears the or the Confirm with The Additional with the following Duration Heat+Hold Child shut-off
To countdown. counted sounds. This function the of the Press repeatedly the appears. or the countdown hours Confirm with or seconds. The option and the displayed. the counted to sounds. the acoustic sounds and displayed. Press to the The active to another function or the switched off.
Duration or Duration the to when the to switch off Select function. Press repeatedly the Duration/End appears. or the cooking or switch-off hours Confirm with or seconds. The of the selected function displayed with the cooking or switch-off the acoustic sounds and displayed. The switches off. Press to the Irrespective of the function the cook You the Condition: The function to which cook
heat with the Duration and clock the Duration and clock functions used, the switches the heating off, when of the or The heat to the cooking the to Duration and Duration and the to switched and off Select function. Press repeatedly the Duration/End appears. the Duration function, the cooking the hour. Confirm with the function, the which the to ready, Confirm with or seconds. The selected function with the cooking and switch-off seconds. displayed when the
Allows the function to Precondition: with Duration or The switched and off the To switch function completed. sounds and appears. Press appears with of the or using or seconds. The of the displayed with the cook The of the the as function. The repeatedly.
The function Heat+Hold the or roasting This helpful, when Condition Heat+Hold: 80C To switch Select function. Press repeatedly the Heat+Hold appears. Confirm with .The function Heat+Hold switched as the function completed, sounds and The function 80C as the with Heat+Hold the switches off. Irrespective of the function Heat+Hold active. You the activated or the
The function function and then You the morning and the the the and the with Condition: switch-Duration To switch Select function with Press repeatedly the appears. Confirm with The function switched To Press Selected function as the function completed, sounds. Press to switch off the While the selected function with operating the active section activated or deactivated the
The protects functions from To switch Select function. Press repeatedly the appears. Confirm with The activated. To switch off Press the Confirm with The the from switched off. the switched off, the Child the as the Child child activated, the operated. Switching the Child Function selected. Press and the appears the The Child operation. Switching off the Child Press and the appears the The Child and the ready
shut-off If the switched off or the heat the switches off automatically. The switches off of: 115C hours 195C hours 245C hours 250C Switching shut-off Press the
The four shelf The shelf counted from the of the as shown the of On the of the the of the shelves. and other or The four The counted from the of the as shown the Shelf and with to allow operation when or the shelves. the right and completely the or the the shelf then them the to the the shelf completely the This the and
and the while This with cooking that and the cooking Food therefore cooked constantly atmosphere, which cooks the food that and The and the reduced to Steam created which when the This the or the of of the of which of the food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the every cooking process. the with and roasting or the as otherwise the the heat build-up.
Cleaning and cleaning allow the cooling to the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should clean build-up of or other fire, the carrying cleaning operation, the from the supply. To necessary to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should the and with cloth. If there or The and highly The action of (from or however rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the operation of the Clean the thoroughly This the to off. It burnt Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Harsh should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, using cleaner.
Cleaning the The following instructions to the as the If reversed, please that the to the right or to switched. With both the perforated and upwards. the tightly with both and from its upwards. the tightly, that and Tightly with both the C and from its upwards. the clean the and the to clean the using and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the C
cleaning, the back their them the To correctly mount the C (without the the should appear the top of the The (with and of the shelf with the to the of the The roughness of the when the the back: the perforated plate back its and that everything securely and firm.
Appliances or only clean the with and then with cloth. or as these the Clean the with the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Con- who pleased to further. If necessary, to the This operation should authorized ONLY This chargeable Customers recommended to this them- The The of the round the of the cavity. the of this If necessary, without cleaning products. If the shows to Service the repaired.
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the shelf the front of the from the and then the back the shelf To first the the back, then them the front and them To the and with and with cloth. cleaning the to the grease the This to their operation.
Cleaning the This with hinged to the of the easy to clean. that the completely cooled carrying this operation. the screw the carrying this tion the first screwdriver. Then the to allow to the Clean the with and the to its the its and the the the properly that when
the Light If the replacing, the the following specifications: W, to of C, type: E14. These purchased from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anti-clockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. The Grease that the switched off this action roasting, the grease to the of the wheel the back of the the roasting completed, the grease to as follows and thoroughly cleaned. Press the upwards and the The when
If something If the correctly, please the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the PROBLEM The heating The light Steam and the food and the cavity. appears the clock SOLUTION Touch then cooking function. or the the tripped? or whether the correctly and the switch or the supply to the ON. or The function activated. To as follows: the about seconds. The to and off sound emitted. Within seconds the the and and them sound emitted. If the the switch then cooking function. or light necessary, from the Service and to the instructions this the cooking completed, the the than Switch the off and the house or the switch the If please of the and the
Technical Heating Heat cooking Defrost Drying Preserving Plate Warming Light Cooling rating of the top: Height capacity thermostat 30C 250C
Instructions the The instructions below specifically and should or to installation, and operations with and with legislation and strongly that operations the of Qualified with existing and to the that: the protection and the to the of the rating earth with and force; the or the switch the easily reached the built This with incorporating the shown the rating The to If to the to the and the switch, with of the
and with force. The yellow ground the switch and should than the other The supply such as to that reach C higher than the supply the following types, the section of H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F. The easily which to with single-phase of V. The responsibility should these Building To operation of the built-in assembly, the and the the built-in the fitted-in, there and the to the of touching carrying) of the such protection, including covering instance, the ance the or the of counter) such as to of the without the of In-Column
This with its back and with to or of higher height. The other instead, to or the height. The To The the the recess. the the to the with the four with the which the the and then four screws the the and the to security reasons and to the off the necessary. with the
Guarantee/Customer service with the of services this or the The service of the however, reduced as This of based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this legislation affected this of This the warranty to the The within the of and with the following with to free of charge that within months from the the to the first These apply the of professional or Performing the that the to the the occurred. Defective or repaired. free of charge become property. as to the brought to tion immediately. Applying the to the of purchase showing the purchase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which occurred of responsibility. the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or people who or or that from the of or covered the Appliances that easy to or to the services repairs only or built-in If the built-in, or such that
and them the where they than hour, the that therefrom Connected caused these and operations the responsibility of the If, the the repeatedly or the with the the with another of the this the right to to the of used. that the that month repairs, to the the where imposed, this of terms the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the purchase the These purchased and the first that they the technical instructions, the country concerned and that they withstand the and tions. purchased the first that they the or covered the and services the expired. services BELGIUM Products Consumer services ELECTROLUX SERVICE ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS Consumer services Bitbourg. L-1273
Service and If the the chapter "If something the correctly, Service specifying the type of malfunctioning, the the and the the rating This plate the front of the cavity. the and carrying this Service and authorized shops. plate
This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.be R.A