EOB20001
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This only nected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the
of the Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating lighting Heat
cookware, cake roasts and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
the first the first Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the and the to the Functions Light using the
the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions The the following Heating function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. and roasting Top heat browning cakes and and heat with or crusty the of the and toasting and toasting Top heat, bottomheat Top heat heat top heat
the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the
the the and together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
Mechanical the the deactivated. Activating of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. and to the and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the the
the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the (D). The (E) snapped To the pressed. the To the without the Deactivating To the lock, the to the right Proceed as Switching off the the mechanical lock.
of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. from the of the (B)(2) and the
using the of the each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the there This the outer and the corner(D). The snapped the
and function: and with and
and Instructions the with the the front. With with to anoth- the the This crease the foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear
to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of the try, or dough and the and the type of the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that or ferently to cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and of cake or cakes Apple (covered) Apple to another) Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas first of .......................................then cake cakes, (custard-filled coated with and with yeast dough/sponge with Yeast with (cooked (with of (thin (Swiss-style) C
of Short whirls with with white, cakes Pre-heat the the C and
and The cake enough the The cake too too higher too high and too within the the too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher and
Roasting function: Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the follow- only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Amount of meat of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Chop, Meat of cooked) of of of of of to of of C
Amount of meat Poultry Poultry to to (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the each each and C
and function: or with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The of meat or
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the the used. the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C and to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, cleaning Clean the each this to off and allowed to burn cleaning, the light the with of and to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. cleaning and
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and cleaning and
Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-re- lighting. the cover. cleaning and
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the cleaning and
Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the cleaning and
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer facing thing and to scratch- cleaning and
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the cleaning and
The with three of mounted the oth- er.The cleaning. Rough cially around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first cleaning and
of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the cleaning and
of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped cleaning and
the as as theclamping (A) both back their the cleaning and
What to The heat. The switched The light If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty The The tection tripped. The the with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to what to Switch the the the or protection If these tripped repeatedly, should
instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they combined with from the
instructions
installation instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Guarantee/Customer This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com service
service M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the necessary from hand, that write them PNC: service
175-B-231006-02