EOB51000
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This only nected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the
of the Light Functions
Shelf Top heat and heating of the lighting heating Heat
of the cookware, cake and foods. and
the first Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cially cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. using the first
the the Switching the On and Functions Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Light Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following Heating function Application Light this function light the cleaning. Convection with heating that brown- and the C than when using and roasting heat cakes with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other fro- foods the of the and toasting and toasting Convection to three the the C than when roasting of meat or The function and the Rear heating heat, heating Top heat, bottomheat heat top heat top heat,
the the Shelf and the Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the This the from the the the of the selected
the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and the together: the shelf the the the of the selected using the
the Inserting/Removing the Grease the grease when roasting to the rear heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and
To sounded when the This function the to then to the of sounded when the To the to the To the the the to OFF. using the
and and function: Convection with heating or with With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and and Convection with heating bright
Instructions the with the the front. With or with heating with to another the shelf the This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and shelf selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and of function cake or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Convection with heating Convection with heating C
of function with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and of function with white, Convection with heating with yeast Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating C Mins.
than of cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the Convection with heating Shelf from C Convection with heating and
and The cake enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to chines too distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and
of Shelf C (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the and
and and Gratins Shelf function Convection with heating topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions C as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Convection roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The of that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting The information the follow- only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection Convection of of Convection Convection of of of Convention- to Convention- of Convection Convection Convection C Hours
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convention- of Poultry Poultry each each Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the Convection Convection and C
and function: or with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended shelf the the first shelf from the The of meat or
Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrost- Further defrosting the Turn through and
and Drying function: with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to overnight. this the food to Food to C Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C and to cook 100C
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, mercially cleaning Clean the each this to off and allowed to burn cleaning, the light the with of and to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwash- burned the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and cleaning and
cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
The heating to to the the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the cleaning and
cleaning and Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the shelf The heating correctly and securely both the the of the cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as
the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing thing and to scratch- cleaning and
cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough cially around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first cleaning and
cleaning and of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then the back From the the the of the and
of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the corner(D). The (E) snapped cleaning and
cleaning and the as as it the (A) both back their the
What to The heat. The switched The light If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty The The tection tripped. The the with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to what to Switch the the the or protection If these tripped repeatedly, should
instructions Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they with from the
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the and the from the
service Guarantee/Customer This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  service
service Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com 224-A-220107-01