EOB32100
CONTENTS information Product first hints and and cleaning SAFETY INFORMATION the and this and the of property the of the the of the these instructions with the or The incor- or Children and people This from years and and with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge they or instruction concerning of the and the involved. Children with the from There the of suffocation or physical injury. and from the when the or the operation. There the of or other If the Child or function, It and from operation of the the specifications of this There the of and to the the operation. Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com What to GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND Customer Service Switch off the each and the service This to the of or physical injury. that the of If necessary, the and from the first the rating It the that the nected from the supply the when the The the the The iso- which the from the The isolation of You isolation protecting (screw type from the earth and the that the the that the below and the to the other and to without
The base. and built cooking attached with To to the ance, with the from the The earthed. that the the rating plate with supply. Information the the rating correctly shock- and There the of fire. or the the service to or to the and the the to the the The only the and the cook- This to physical to or to property. the as or The of the and the become There the of burns. when or the or when or the to to the from the when the while the ance operation. lease. There the of burns. To or to the directly the and cover with directly the pliance; and food the the cook- of the the performance of the the of the apply the the when cook, while and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the supply. that the cold. There the of burns. There the that the the build-up of or other fire. cleaning the from to that that and the of property, the with and products or products that the with cleaners, high-pressure cleaners, cleaning and If follow the structions from the the with cleaning or Heat of the and shatter. the aged they become and You them. the when the from the The heavy!
of fire the The of with of and There the of fire. or the when the products or items that with products, and/or of or or the the from the supply the of the There the of shock! PRODUCT DESCRIPTION the the Heating Service or the service of the To the of physical or the from the supply. off the and the catch. This or from closed of the There the of suffocation. Meat and heating heat Shelf
shelf cookware, and BEFORE FIRST USE Warning! to information" chapter. Initial Cleaning from the Clean the first to chapter and the The operates the DAILY USE Warning! to information" chapter. To the the The then Switching the On and Turn the to function. Turn the to The while the operation. Functions function Application Light this function to light the interior. Convection To of the the (20-40C) than tional. To food. roasting To and or as to Meat To the food cooked. the to the supply or there the function flashes to the To the and buttons the flashes. with or buttons. approximately seconds, the flashing and the shows the of function to The while the increases. To switch off the turn the and the to the Cooling the operates, the cooling switches to the of the cool. If switch off the the cooling to the
function Application the the that the the back of the and to the the the of of the The roasting and the These and the of the the the To and heat To with or crusty and to food. Defrost To To food items the of the and to toast. To food items and to toast. Convection To of meat or to the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of of the Meat Meat the of the meat. There to The Roasting The Meat the meat or Warning! The meat of burns! when the and of the the meat the meat the the of the Meat flashes.
the meat the of the meat, as as or buttons to the You the from C to C. to the to the cook- function and You hear when the reaches To Switch off the and the meat the of cooking once and high- HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS The and the only. They the and of the used. Meat function function This function ation. the function the or the with or hours seconds the clock to count finishes to switch off the the clock the Selection and function flashes. and seconds the clock function instructions or to the
cooking and to the the With the switched off about the of to the heat. food, the the the the to the to the the first The sufficiently below The cake The cake The cake too too higher too too shorter cook the of function (C) or Convection cake Convection try Incorrect the cake too high too higher to crease Too the the specially when too high and too the the too slightly higher Convection Convection Convection If the the that the cakes than and first. If this the The the and (h:min)
of function (C) Apple Apple off Apple off Pre-heat Cakes/pastries/breads of function (C) Plaited crown Christmas bread) first of then with cakes with yeast dough with yeast dough with Yeast with (with of top- (thin (CH) Pre-heat the roasting Convection Convection Convection (h:min)
of function (C) Short Convection Short Convection whirls Convection whirls Convection whirls with with with white, Convection with yeast dough Convection Convection Pre-heat and Gratin function Shelf Convection topped with Convection preheat the Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection C
Ready Food to cooked to tions of the Chips Convection to tions of the to tions of the Turn or cooking Roasting Roasting heat-resistant to (please the instructions of the roasting roasted rectly the roasting or the the roasting (selected only). roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the The the only. of meat function Shelf or each of thick- each of thickness each of thickness each of thickness preheat the function Shelf C to tions of the the roasting meat and that than the roasting to meat or from burning to the Turn the meat of the cooking of meat and with the cooking the cooking the the of roasting to the heat. Convection Convection Convection to tions of the to tions of the to tions of the C
of meat function Shel Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection (precooked) Convection of Quantity function Shel Convection of Convection of meat Quantity function Shel of Convection of Convection of meat Quantity function Shel of of of of preheat the Poultry of meat function Shel Poultry each each Convection to Convection Convection C C C C C (h:min)
of Quantity function Shel Convection Convection Convection steamed) of Quantity function Shel Whole Meat To which function please to the chapter. or or or Shoulder of Chop Meat of of of of of Food to cooked Meat C Food to cooked Meat C Food to cooked Meat C Food to cooked Meat C Food to cooked Meat C C C (h:min)
of Whole of of the function with with the closed pre-heat the with the the the as the Food to Shelf of Toast Toast with pre-heat Preserving of the with twist-off or type and tins. the first from the the You the to the and them correctly. the the shelf, that they each other. Soft Preserve C Food to cooked Meat C the to the the first only of meat or To which function please to the chapter. approximately of the to the the lightly to the first about with switch off the or crease the to 100C To which function please to the functions chapter. to cook 100C
Preserve C Pears, Preserve C Cucumbers peas, when switched off Drying Cover the shelves with Food to C Beans Food to C Apricots Apple Pears Defrosting the food of the and plate the shelf. cover with or This the to the the first from the To which function please to the functions chapter. Shelf hours Shelf hours To which function please to the chapter. to cook 100C to cook 100C
Defrosting the Turn through Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, Cream, whipped when slightly Information According to the knowledge, food (specially the which starch), CARE AND CLEANING Warning! to information" chapter. Clean the front of the with cloth with and cleaning To clean- Clean the each easily and Clean with cleaner. Clean (with cloth with and cleaning each and them If them or dishwasher. It coating! Shelf the the front of the from the defrosting health that cook the lowest and food too the from the and the the
The rounded of the to the front! Warning! There of shock! the Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the of the protection of the light and cover. the You the the back of the cavity. Turn the cover counterclock- to Clean the cover. the with 300C heat-resistant the type. the cover. You the heating the to the easily. Warning! the heating switch off the that the cold. There of burns! the heating the shelf the heating with the the front the and the both The heating The ready to clean. the heating the heating the heating correctly the the the of the and To the when the from the The heavy! Removing the the as as (A) the the the first tion
of the with each and from the upwards the with the outer and to scratches. the and them. To the follow the with the it The or of the Rough around the of the front the to and cleaning the the (B) the top of the the and to release the WHAT TO DO IF Warning! to information" chapter. The heat The switched Switch the The heat The clock the clock The heat The The heat The the leased The The the the to the front to the their top and them of the Clean the To follow the the first, then the the the If the leased than to
F11 appears the clock The meat or the of the meat tightly the If to the yourself, or the service that write the (MOD.) Product (PNC) (S.N.) INSTALLATION Warning! to information" The built-in the chapter. of DIN R1200 The the service the rating The rating the front of the cavity. the of the meat as as the the of the
ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS treated as household The the or its should to the that this the recycling of H05VV-F H05RR-F
and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the GB IE GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND GUARANTEE/CUSTOMER SERVICE that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: Appliance correctly and the electricity ted the rating Appliance only, with instructions. Appliance hasn't serviced, tained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. from light of plastic. Costs to right which improperly to United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that The tally-friendly and with international breviations such as PE, PS, of the the this facility. Service and Please Service Force routed to Service Force covering of Service Force and ther information, please www.service- please the the heading "What to the Service Force to the following and phone clear of the and of the ance (found the rating the chase Please purchase or service Customer Please Cus- tomer Appliances, Bed- fordshire, LU4 9QQ or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) Road, of Ireland recorded
GB This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries the with to the follow- The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the WWW.ELECTROLUX.COM M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-08200 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
www.electrolux.com/shop 892946624-A-282010