EOB33100
instructions.................................. of the Appliance the first the and Tips............................ to without The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information of of thinking www.electrolux.com Cleaning and What to Service..................................................
instructions This the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Services or Child children when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this with- or instruction This to roasting and food the when to leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowl- of food, products containing health to Therefore cook- the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function buttons
Shelf cookware, cake tins, and foods. cakes and Top heat and heating shelf Roasting and roasting or as lecting lighting Heat
the first and the The operates when the the to the supply or when there the function of flashes cally. To that already the Selection peatedly the function of flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The tomatic function (Duration or Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the shelf and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the selection. To the The with The then buttons and Switching the On and Light function selection Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the tions and the to the Cooling The switches or- to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the ance then switches off matically. Clock function buttons
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the cleaning. Convection to the C than when tional. and roasting heat cakes with or crusty Defrost defrosting and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toasting Convection roasting of meat or The function and the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from Clock Functions Function Function Selector the shelf and roasting together the shelf the roasting the roasting the of the selected
To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the Duration To the to To the switch-off tion. of To or the section the to the clock function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the using the or button. the the function to seconds. that the tion then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock Duration and the cooking the function and the back to the OFF Press the Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function lights
the the function flashes and sounds The Duration Press the Selection repeated- the function Duration flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function Duration lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Press the Selection repeated- the function flashes.
the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the Duration and combined Duration and the to switched and off the Duration function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should this
The function Duration and light and the shown the and function: Convection or and Convection bright with With Convection cakes and the this The switches the this switches off when the cook- this cake trays: and
Instructions the with the the With or Convection with to another the shelf the This significantly crease foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of cake the the first and then necessary, or too lecting higher of Shelf Ovenfunction cake or Convection Convection cake Convection cake Convection Apple Apple off Apple off If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the or- to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. Convection C
of Shelf Ovenfunction Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Convection with topping(dry) Convection cakes with yeast dough/ Convection with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of (thin (CH) Short Short Convection whirls Convection whirls Convection whirls with Convection with Convection with white, Convection with yeast dough Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection C
of Shelf Ovenfunction Convection Pre-heat the the or roasting The enough the The cake (becomes too too higher too high and too within the and Shelf function Convection topped with Convection Convection Pre-heat the cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to cially too distributed the the too slightly higher C and C
ready Food to Shelf function cooked as instructions Chips as Convection instructions as instructions as instructions Turn or cooking Roasting function: or Con- Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted rectly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and weighing and the To or from burning to the the roasting If the of the roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Convection Convection Convection C as instructions as instructions as instructions C
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convection Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection Convection of Convection of Convection of of of to of of Poultry Convection Poultry each Convection each Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Whole Pre heat the C
function: or with with the closed. The should heated with the functions Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat the shelf the shelf the collecting the the first from the The of meat or
Defrosting function: Defrost Unwrap the food and the shelf. Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when slightly Cream, Drying function: Convection shelves covered with grease- or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Defrosting cover with or as these the frosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Food to C Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C hours
Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, peas, when switched off Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and it cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and to cleaning, turn the light every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the structions exactly. shelf each and to them to clean. to cook 100C
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant lighting. the cover.
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back to- the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing something and to scratches. the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as
the as as the (A) both back their the The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first
of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with tion of and Then the back From the the the of the and of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped the as as it
the (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting operating The light the If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to to the from If the operated correctly, the chargeable, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The The house the tripped the the If the please
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating structions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com 756-A-270509-01