229-A-030203-05 information EOB5610
Customer, Please this instruction please the section the first Please this instruction reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to
Instructions of the Appliance Features. the first Initial the Switching the On and Functions Attaching/Removing the and Roasting Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying with the Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives.
Instructions Instructions the Conditions Service and
Instructions The connected the of or to the or switch off. It to clean the with or high reasons! Repairs to the specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please Service Force or Child children when the whilst This to and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the recycled. Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from Council or Health Office.
of the Appliance
Light Selection Functions Shelf Top heat and heating lighting heating
Combination dishes, cake items roasting and with the as collecting the amounts of food
using the first Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the functions switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The whilst the The light whilst the heat- To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the Cooling the switched the to the of the the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off. Functions Selection Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the cleaning. The heating roasting and to three C than when The heating and the switched Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. foods such as or toasting Top heat and the used.
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and injury.
This function the operation. Turn the to then it back to the of sounded when the To the to the To the the the back to OFF.
and the function to and with the function Shelf using the function to items to trays: Shelf and trays: Shelf and
to count the from to top. the that the the front. cake the of the shelf. the function to This increases the slightly. foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes about the the charts the indications, cooking and selection of dishes. The and to as only, as they the of the dough, the amount, and the type of cake the to the the first and to higher required, browning or the too Should to indications of those item as or than the to lengthened items with should cooked only. Differences height the items that the of the they to such please the Differences the of browning the of the Where the relatively switch off the to the of the thereby of the heat. otherwise stated, the charts when items
The to as only. The recommended cooking and cake Loaf cake Apple thin Shortcrust heat French cake cake (DIN) cakes (Fairy/Queen) Yeast Yeast cake cake (DIN) Item type Shelf C tion
Christmas cake (round Meringues Shortbread items Yeast Choux dough Swiss-style and White gratin toast* Pre-heat the Item type Shelf C tion
of Shelf or cake C the instructions other Follow the structions as stated the the below tion with the instructions as stated the Follow the tions as stated the
Roasting roasting the function. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to instructions!). You roasting directly the or the with the below of roasting of meat with marinated this the meat its You of meat that to or without meat of poultry, If roasting the dirty! Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The infor- mation roasting meat and the from weight of To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and with meat This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting the or the Roasting Food to roasted Shelf C roasting Meat of thickness thickness of Poultry Roasting items the or with
Roasting Food to roasted Shelf C Trout Trout coated with Poultry Pre-heat the
To function together with the the when pre-heat the the functions and together. Shelf foods, the shelf from the Notes about the The to as only and the type and of the and meat. of meat and Turn the items the of the
Universal Item C marinated thighs thighs whole Toast (without top- Shelf
Defrosting To food, the defrosting function without Defrosting the food and the the only or to cover the food. plates or as they increase the Shelf the the from the to Notes the defrosting The below offers defrosting Defrosting Defrost and Meat, the or cover with Defrost and Meat, the or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Drying with the with greaseproof or You switch the off through the and to cool, preferably overnight. Then the food. Beans Mushrooms Apricots Pears hours C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the with and then items. with cleaners. follow the instructions when shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
The heating to to the roof. Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and forwards and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the Repositioning the heating the heating back to- the the heating the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the oured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with mounted the other. The cleaning. the following with the If the while the attached, the weight to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to Removing the from the the and, with the the top and the the free. the and Clean the the to the the from the section of the which the located. the the the the and front of the the of the then the The tached! the to the
What to The The Switch the heat. switched The light The blown. the and If to the with the please or Service Force Warning: Repairs to the only service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the incorrectly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The the The protection tripped. Check the or tection If these tripped peatedly, should
Technical Height Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN EN EN EN relating to basic tion (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation (screw- type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They only combined with with matching
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply to the specifications below. UK only type outlet PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these butyl insulated
Conditions that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations try. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
C Cleaning cleaning light Combination Defrost Defrosting of the functions light operating Repairs Shelf and What to
Service and If to purchase or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following informa- tion: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further formation products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
229-A-030203-05 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the