Built-In EOB53000
thinking of when this
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service and The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. to the from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and ation. Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling uncovered the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the
of the Shelf Light Functions Top heat and heating Clock function lighting heating
Shelf items roasting and the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
the first the first and the The operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flashes tomatically. To the that already the Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the the or seconds, the flashing and the clock the of The ready to The ther of the or
Initial Cleaning using the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. using the first
operating the the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the Functions Light Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. with heating Defrost defrosting and bread, or other fro- foods food items and toasting to three shelves the the C than when operating the top heat
operating the the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the shelf that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the shelf to cookware from the shelf and the roasting together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected operating the
operating the The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of meat or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and toasting.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the tion of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First operating the
operating the to the clock function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or button. the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock and the cooking turn the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes Switching the the appears the The switched off of the clock or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the operating the
operating the Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the operating the
operating the and and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cook- this
and function: Convection with heating With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and Convection with heating bright and
and instructions With Convection with heating the to each other the shelf. This significantly increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and required, browning or the too higher If the the that If cakes or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
Bread, cake cake Christmas cake sheets Short Apple Choux Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat Convection with heating Shelf- and C
and than of cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the with heating Convection with heating Shelf from C
The cake enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/mix- too Shorten Dough/mixture too slightly higher and to and crease the dough/mixture the
and Apple cake and Apple Pre-heat Convection with heating Shelf C
Roasting function: Convection with heating Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the shelf with the below meat, roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat. and
and Meat, Meat of Yorkshire Pre-Heat Convection with heating Shelf tion C
Poultry, Lancashire, Meat Loaf Poultry Pheasant, steamed) Whole Convection with heating Shelf and C
and Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these lengthen the defrosting the the from the Defrosting Food Meat, through the Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- Further frosting the through the it
function: with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The only. of meat or and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to off and allowed to To the switch the light every the with of and to with cleaner. Warning: If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. cleaning and
cleaning and Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-re- lighting. the cover. cleaning and
cleaning and The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and it and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the
Repositioning the heating the heating back the roof. the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the cleaning and
cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer facing thing and to scratch-
the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the cleaning and
cleaning and The with of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first
of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the its and of the upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then it the back From the the the of the and cleaning and
cleaning and of the (B) each the of the and the the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the and the corner(D). The (E) snapped
the as as the (A) both back their the cleaning and
what to What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting operat- If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty The clock the the clock The the houses the tripped The faulty. with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to the If the please
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the UK only tion It necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The sponsibility should these type PVC/PVC and earth 15A 20A
instructions Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in with nection reasons, they only combined with from the
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
service Guarantee/Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and only the ity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The iced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ service
service Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electrolux.co.uk. service and
service and Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk 083-A-141206-01