EOB31010X
thinking of when this
to the of The following this information concerning and information to the information and information chosen first from which with of pleasure the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
Information of the the the chart Cleaning and Something Technical Instructions Building Guarantee/Customer Service www.electrolux.com to without
Information These the of the users and those with them. them and the pliance. This allow to performance, the and the If Customer This to the ards. This heavy. when both and the using the to the This cook- only. It or back from the when the cooking or the of it to allow of or heat to release. Appliances become with and their heat should to information touching heating the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the cleaning the the off or the that the OFF when cookware containing food- or or the switched ON. using other the with the of the
information People This to operated allow children to or with the The when Chil- should cooled. This or other whose or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the and Cleaning this with the instructions. allow the to and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or The should clean build-up of or other food- fire, the or high cleaners to the cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to trapped these instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the to these user instructions and the accompanying information. The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where chased the
of the Function of Thermostat Thermostat Light On Light Cooling light Shelf plate of the
Roasting Function The off light The light without cooking function. Defrost This to thawing of food. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without It Light The light when the function
Thermostat Turn the thermostat clock- to 50C and 250C. Thermostat Light The thermostat when the thermostat turned. The the reached. It then and off to the of cooking This allows to the switch off once the acousitic heard when the cooking ted.The cooking to food the and the function and the thermo- the Turn the to then it back to the cooking the cooking acoustic sound and the switch off automatically. Turn the to the operation. Thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the supply. The switches back automatically, when the Should the thermostat to incorrect of the enough to the the cooled the other hand, the thermostat of please Customer Service. The cooling The cooling to cool the the and the The switches
the first of blown through the near the the switched off, the the switched off to the cool. This The action of the cooling the the First To the the the and what It switch where the only
both and the the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused the ventilated. Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to 250C. the The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the the Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the function approximately Then the cool Then cloth with and and this to the cavity. the first the as cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, ated, the with the the and ates To reduce preheat the the every cooking
the cook with the closed. clear when the to the using the Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-re- and the which the shelf The four shelf The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base.
The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the though that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C own which Heating The heating shelf This that batches of the food cooked the the the top shelf slightly than the This There of dishes. Shelf the shelves spaced. using the cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the food, of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C own roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the interior.
using the The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the preferred. Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. to the The heat to the of the the cooking to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. to Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of please that the of the influence the of This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF
and foods the as and lightly with or to them food with or to defrosting. ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and turned through the frosting of meat and to defrosting this On and (150C-200C) and therefore it to preheat the about the of the Shortcrust or to of the and then garnished This further the type and amount of or with from the The would too If with or the the the trays. the If with or the the the and turned around about of the On than when roasting. meat, which to the or roasted higher (200C-250C). White and the other hand, (150C-175C). The or should to the roasting right the the cooking them the hour. You to whether the meat cooked: pressed, cooked through. and which to higher If cooking meat directly the shelf, the roasting the below to catch the the to least that the meat To reduce the of the it recommended to the roasting To times.The plates the
cooking chart the with and roasting or the as other- the the heat build-up. to the and amounts of the dishes. chart the pre-heating. of CAKES the of first cooking or roasting to of the dishes. Based to the the to pre-heat the about C Notes
of Shortbread dough cake Apple cake (Apple cake cake Christmas cake cake cake Meringues Pastry: Choux Plate cake BREAD AND PIZZA White FLANS Yorkshire MEAT and and and and and and and and and and and and C cooking chart Notes cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
cooking chart of Shoulder of of Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream fish/Salmon If to cook than the that the cooking of the to of dishes. If to cook than the to them the Shelf tions counted from of the TYPE OF DISH and and C the include pre-heating. to pre-heat the about Notes On On On On On On With Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole
TYPE OF DISH Quantity (breast) Toast Preheat Cleaning and cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the cleaning and carrying cleaning operation, the from the supply. cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches
cleaning and or Chemical or Clean the and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to necessary to thorough clean- cleaner. DO NOT to of Catalytic cooking splashes of food, them. To this to the hour or without food, to performance from the Catalytic To the cavity, as the the Turn the function to the cooking function Turn the thermostat to C. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the cooking function approximately If the cavity cold, the to and cleaning of the Catalytic recommended. cleaners and other used. and polishing of the Catalytic This the Catalytic Follow the to reduce
to reduce the recommended Higher increase cooking to increased of and often the or when roasting meat; brushing with the roasting crease splashing and It NOT to to the meat when roasting. The and the from the splat- as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow browning, and this of allowing the to cook through the the roasting roasting, the from the beneath the and therefore from the 'Catalytic' Shelf Supports and Catalytic The and the easy cleaning. cleaning and the completely cooled carrying this operation. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the shelf and the with the other hand;
cleaning and the and the and them with while the off the and the Clean the the with The cleaned the dishwasher. Attention: the greased. once the cleaning the and the together and mount them the Please, the when the shelf and the Cleaning the These instructions to the as the If the or to the of the installation, the of right/left to the other the cleaning. Please follow the instructions below. With the right the forated (A) and with the the B of the Then to the to the right and then upwards.
the perforated A of the C. With the the D and the C. the D tightly, that and C C cleaning and Then of the D securely with both and upwards. Once the the and the Clean the with only. rough cloths, scouring or products, that the of the and the cleaning, the The D with the to the of the The roughness of the when the
cleaning and the the C, then: the right of the rated A the the C. Then the of the forated A the the B. the B this and that everything securely fas- and firm. Appliances or only the with and then with cloth. or as C these the Clean the with the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shatter- Service who pleased to further. If necessary, to the This should authorized ONLY. Customers recommended to this themselves. This chargeable The Light the If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the
the isolated from the supply. and the cover ticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply. heating This with to the of the easy to clean. proceeding the cool and from the electricity supply. Proceed as follows: cleaning and the screw the carrying this operation the first using screwdriver. Then the to allow to the Clean the with and the hinged to its the and screw the holding
something the holding the Something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to The switching that both cooking function and selected that the of cooking operation" The light The light function with the tion the light and "Cleaning and PROBLEM SOLUTION properly that when caused incorrect or installation, the whether the correctly connected and the switch or the supply to the ON Select with the ther- Select function with the tion
It too to cook the or they cook too Steam and the food and the cavity. The that shelves and with the back Technical The to the instructions supplied. Heating Convection Light Cooling of the top Height PROBLEM SOLUTION The Following the these instructions, the tion the the cooking pleted, the the than This fied to the British Convection technical
Height The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: N- or E-Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the below. It necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth The and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
UK only outlet insulated Cir- type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F Instructions Building Please that when the easily the the of Building The surround or which the built with these specifications: insulated PVC/PVC and earth instructions building type the as shown the the withstand increase of least C of supply of to the to the overheating.
instructions building of the and the
the Appliance to the the the to the the four which exactly the the and then the four screws provided. Guarantee/Customer Service GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND service that within months of the of the purchase
service this or thereof to only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with thorised Service Force service this or become the property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electro-
Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the follow- The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the ance. The the and to the and as country of this (Irl) Road, of Ireland or of The to the purchaser of the ance and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The ance with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-08200
Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105 CH-5506 www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk