user EOB31001
instructions.................................. of the Appliance the first the and Tips............................ Cleaning and to without The following this information concerning and information to the information and information of of thinking www.electrolux.com What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service..................................................
instructions This only the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Services or Child children when the whilst People (including who, of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this with- or instruction This to roasting and food the when to nearby. leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowl- of food, cially products containing health to Therefore cook- the lowest and foods too How to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions
Shelf cookware, cake roasts and foods. and Top heat and heating Roasting and roasting or as lecting lighting Heat
the first Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To clean fronts cleaning the Switching the On and Functions Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the tions and the to the Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. Light Cooling The switches or- to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the ance then switches off matically.
Functions The the following function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection to the C than when using tional. and roasting heat cakes with or crusty food items and toasting Convection roasting of or The function and To sounded when the This function tion. the to then to the of sounded when the To the to the To the the the to OFF. the Shelf, and Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the shelf to cookware from the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected Mechanical the the deactivated. Activating of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. and to the and
of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped To the pressed. the To the without the Deactivating To the the to the right Proceed as Switching off the the mechanical lock. of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards.
Demount from the of the (B)(2) and of the each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the there This the and the corner(D). The snapped the
and function: Convection or and Convection bright with With Convection cakes and the cake trays: and Instructions the with the the With or Convection with to another the the This crease foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and shelf selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of cake the the first and then necessary, or too lecting higher If the the that If cakes or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to previous cooking and shelf to the the following
With switch the off about the of the or- to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. of Shelf Ovenfunction or Convection Convection cake Convection Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Convection with topping(dry) Convection cakes with yeast dough/ Convection with yeast dough/ with Yeast with Convection C Hours
of Shelf Ovenfunction (with of (thin (CH) Short Convection Short Convection whirls Convection whirls Convection whirls with Convection with Convection with white, Convection with yeast dough Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting The enough the The (becomes cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to cially Convection C
too too higher too high and too within the and Shelf function Convection topped with Convection Convection Pre-heat the ready Food to Shelf function cooked as instructions Chips as Convection instructions as instructions as instructions Turn or cooking too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher and C C as instructions as instructions as instructions
Roasting function: or Con- Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted rectly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Convection Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection using the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Convection Convection Convection C
Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convection of Convection of Convection of of of to of of Poultry Convection Poultry each Convection each Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Whole Pre-heat the function: with with the closed. The should heated with the the the the collecting the the first from the The of meat or C
Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the shelf There enough this to Preserve inC Soft Pears, Cucumbers to cook 100C
Preserve inC peas, when switched off Drying function: Convection shelves covered with grease- or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours to cook 100C
Cleaning and Warning First switch off the and cool carrying cleaning. Warning: reasons, clean the with or high- cleaners. Attention: cleaning or removers. clean the with or scrapers, which scratch the The crack and shatter. of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring and Clean the each this to off and to cleaning, the light the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the structions exactly. shelf each and to them to clean. Shelf The the and right hand of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the shelf
The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant lighting. the cover. The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the
Repositioning the heating the heating back to- the the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing something and to scratches. the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the
the as as the as as the (A) both back their the The with three of mounted the other.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the the of the both and to release the
Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as
the (A) both back their tions What to The heat. The switched The light The the If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to to the from If the operated correctly, the chargeable, the warranty The The protection tripped. the with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to Switch the the the or protection If these tripped repeatedly, should
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and tactors. protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they only combined with from the
The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Guarantee/Customer Service This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ
Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09001 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   SK, Bratisla-
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating structions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com N-2