042-A-280306-02 information EOB6637
Please this Information and to to this Information to of the The following the instructions Warning: Notes that Attention: Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial the Switching the On and the Shelf, and Roasting Inserting/Removing the Grease Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Preserves Drying
Cleaning and of the Accessories. Shelf Lighting What to Instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service Service
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, pecially products containing health to Therefore cooking the lowest and browning foods too
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function
Shelf cookware, roasts and foods. and Roasting and roasting or as collecting Top heat and heating lighting lighting heating Heat
the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that already the Selection peatedly the function flashes. the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The only function or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. or cleaners. The To clean fronts cleaning the to Light and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The as as the operation. The light as as the heating To the off, the functions and the to the Cooling The switches to the the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following function Application Heating Light this function light the cleaning. roasting and to three the the C than when per/lower heat. that and the C than when Thermal roasting of or This function and top. the of the and toasting wide-area top heat and toasting Top heat browning and Top heat and heat with or heat crusty and roasting Top heat, bottomheat Rear heating heat, heating
the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the and roasting together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the Grease the grease when to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of theoven the grease the grease the and
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
to the clock functions function selected, the function flashes about seconds. this the the or the the function to seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the The function and selected or the clock and the cooking completed, the function and the back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the Press and the becomes seconds). Switching the Press and the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press the Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds the shows the The function Countdown lights the the function flashes and sounds The
Press the Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
Press the Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds the to showing the The function lights the the function flashes, sounds and the switches off. The and the
and combined and the to switched and off the function, the cooking the this hour. the function, the which the should ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switches the this switches off when the cooking this
and function: or and non-stick bright with With to the trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the of or the amount and the type of using the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or cake cake Apple Apple off Apple off Cheesecake Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas bread) -first of -then with cakes with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ of function C
with Yeast with custard) (with of top- (thin (CH) Short whirls whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function C
than of Cakes/pastries/breads cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the Shelf from C
The cake cake enough The cake too too higher. too high and too and cook too slightly higher the too high slightly too higher Too the to chines too distributed the the Grease the grease Grease the grease
Table (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the of Shelf C
Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked C as tions Chips as tions as tions Turn chips or cooking Shelf function C as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the following only. cooking and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their This roasting You switch the off about the of the to the heat. Roasting Food to roasted each of thickness each of thickness Meat Roasting One C
Food to roasted of thickness of thickness of thickness each of thick- of items cooked or chops, crumbed Trout of each trout of each) crumbed Poultry each of thickness Preheat Roasting One C
function: or wide-area with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended shelf the collecting the the first from the The particularly of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat
Function: Thermal roasting Shelf C Turn
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Drying function: shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, cleaning Clean the each this to off and allowed to cleaning, the light the with of and to Clean with cleaner. If please follow the tions exactly. Accessories each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover. light/Cleaning cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant, light the cover. the
The heating to to clean the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back to- the the heating forwards the and the it the shelf The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It the with the outer facing something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the other.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them upwards.
Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the and the (D). The (E) snapped
the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting The light the If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to service to the user from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The the The house the the tripped If the please
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in with tion reasons, they combined with ances from the
Guarantee/Customer Service Ausland Further service overseas these countries own Please further service as
U.A.E. P.O. Service East The VIC www.andico.com.au A.A. P.O. E.O.O.D. Sofia Sons P.O. Service Telephones: Paphos EE0006 Household P.O. EURO-LINE Appliances PARK L6H 5V1 (South) Core Incorp. 3/F D.O.O. P.O. Assaferi P.O. LV-1012 ITC International White House Building Mountbatte Street World P.O. Street AEG NAMIBIA (PTY) Street Northern New Corporation New WATTAR CO. P.O. Direct Phone: ARIAN International AEG as Showroom: Service:
Service Street New Appliances Warehouse Building Thailand Olympia Tower, Thailand KFT 49A/B, Unit S.R.O. ELECTROLUX SPOTEBIE CZ DIVIZE ELECTROLUX S.R.O. Customer Phone: Co D.O.O. South Africa AEG P.O.
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Customer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC:
042-A-280306-02 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the