937-A-141105-01 information EOB6632
Dear Customer, Please this information and to to Please the user information to of the The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial the Switching the On and Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Thermal Defrosting Defrosting Preserves Drying Cleaning and of the Accessories. Shelf Lighting
What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If become necessary, please Service Force Child children when the whilst This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the
to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Light Functions Clock function buttons
of the of the coated coating). Shelf Shelf cake items roasting and with the as collecting the amounts of food Top heat and heating lighting heating heat
the first and the The only operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To the that already the Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the the or seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The of the or
Initial Cleaning You should the using the first cleaners! The To the of the only cloth with to which or mercially specifically this To the or the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and the of the the and allow to the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the OFF Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions Light
Functions The the following function Heating Light With this function light the cleaning. roasting and to three the the C than when per/lower heat. Thermal roasting of meat or This function and top. food items the of the and toasting wide-area food items top heat and toasting and roasting Top heat, heat heat with or heat crusty Defrost and or other foods Rear heating
Attaching/Removing the The the and easily from the the the from the the of the and the release the and then of the release button. Warning: of that the curely attached! Removing the Press the release button the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the operation of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
to the clock function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock and the cooking the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the buttons the reappears the seconds). The only switched off of the clock functions or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeatedly, the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the
Press Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
and combined and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this the function the which the to this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cook- this
and function: or and bright with to the cake trays: and trays: and
Instructions the with the the front. With or with to another the the This increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of the the first and then required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of browning as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that with the cold.
cake or cakes Apple Apple off Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ of function C
with Yeast with (with of top- (thin (CH) Short whirls whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting of function C
than cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the of Shelf from C
The cake enough the The too too Increase too high and and too crease cooked within the Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ to using chines too Shorten Dough/mixture the dough/mixture tributed the too slightly higher Shelf function C
Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked C as tions Chips as tions as tions Turn or cooking Roasting function: Roasting heat-resistant roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the shelf with the below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking meat and the To or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat. as tions as tions as tions
Roasting Food to roasted (shoulder, each of thickness each of thickness Meat of thickness of thickness of thickness each of thick- of items cooked or chops, crumbed Trout of each trout of each) crumbed Roasting One C
Food to roasted Poultry each of thickness Preheat function: or wide-area with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the and together. The only. of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with the without the roasting pre-heat Roasting One C
Thermal Function: Thermal roasting Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and plate the shelf. with or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Defrosting Defrosting Food the through the Meat, through the turn Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Shelf C Further frosting Turn
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Cucumbers peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Drying function: shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Apricots Apple Pears hours
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning The that coating self-cleaning. They splashes of while the To this self-cleaning process, heating the without food items from the the with and then the to C. Switch the off hour. the cooled cold, off with or cleaners. or other cleaning Doing the the coating slightly. This its (shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant the cover.
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer facing something and to scratches.
the back its From the of the with hand each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the other.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards.
of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the
On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting The If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to The clock the the clock The the the houses the tripped If the please
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply to the specifications below. UK PVC/PVC 15A and earth 20A It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these type
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with tion reasons, they with ances from the
Warranty that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account try. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
937-A-141105-01 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the