Built-In EOB63000
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service and The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child children when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when it This to the and ation. Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the instructions
instructions coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance Light Functions of the Clock function buttons
of the Shelf Top heat and heating shelf lighting heating
Shelf dishes, cake tins, items roasting and the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
using the first the first and the The only operates when the the nected to the supply or when there the function flash- automatically. To the that already the Selection ton repeatedly, the function flashes. the using the or seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The ther of the functions or
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. using the first
operating the the Switching the On and Turn the to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the functions and back to the Functions Light Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off automatically.
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the cleaning. Convection with heating Defrost defrosting and or other foods food items the of the and toasting food items and toasting Convection to three shelves the the C than when roasting of or shelf. The function and operating the top heat top heat,
operating the the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to from
operating the
operating the the shelf and the roasting together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected
The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of meat or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and operating the
operating the Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the tion of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
to the clock function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock functions and the cooking the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes Switching the the appears the The switched off of the clock or Countdown operating the
operating the Countdown Press Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the operating the
operating the Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
and and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cook- this operating the
and and function: Convection with heating Convection with heating bright With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and
instructions With Convection with heating the to each other the shelf. This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and required, or the too higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and Bread, cake cake cake Christmas cake Short Apple Choux Meringues Wholemeal White Pre-heat Convection with heating Shelf- C
than of cake Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating Hours: Shelf from C and
and The cake enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the Apple and Apple charlotte Pre-heat too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/mix- too Shorten Dough/mixture too slightly higher with heating Shelf to and crease the dough/mixture the C
Roasting function: Convection with heating or Convection Roasting heat-resistant (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The the following only. cooking and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of cooking roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat. and
and Meat, roasting, Meat function of Convection Convection Convection Convection Yorkshire Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection Convection Preheat Convection Shelf tion C
Poultry, Convection with heating Lancashire Convection with heating Meat Loaf Convection Poultry Convection Convection Pheasant, function Convection with heating Convection with heating Shelf tion Convection Convection Convection Convection and C
and Poultry, steamed) Whole Convection function Convection with heating Shelf tion Convection with heating Convection C
function: or with with the closed. The should pre-heated with the the the recommended the collecting the the first from the The only. of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat and
and Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting the the from the Defrosting Food Meat, through the Meat, through the turn Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Further frosting the through the turn
Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with greaseproof or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours and
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to off and to To the switch the light the with of and to with cleaner. Warning: If please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean.
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and cleaning and
cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the the turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-re- lighting. the cover.
The heating to to the roof. Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Clean the cleaning and
cleaning and Repositioning the heating the heating back the roof. the heating forwards the and the the The heating correctly and securely both the the of the
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with hand each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer facing thing and to scratch- cleaning and
cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the oth- er.The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to Removing the the as as the (A) both the as as the first cleaning and
cleaning and of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them
the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the cleaning and
cleaning and On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped the as as
theclamping (A) both back their the cleaning and
what to What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service or of charge, the warranty The clock the the clock The the houses the tripped The with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to the If the please
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply to the specifications UK tion It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The should these type PVC/PVC and earth 15A 20A
instructions Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they combined with from the
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
service Guarantee/Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and the ity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The iced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, 10A, LT Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 service
service SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electrolux.co.uk. service and
service and Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk 085-B-140307-02