Built-In EOB63100
thinking of when this
Welcome to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service and The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child children when the whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and ation. Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the Light
of the Light of the of the coated coating). Shelf Functions Top heat and heating Clock function buttons lighting heating heat
of On the of the the of the shelves. You information about the shelves and cooking the dishes. Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and the roasting roasting and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
the first using the first and the The when the the nected to the supply or when there the tion flashes matically. To the that already the Selection repeatedly, the function flashes. the the or seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The ther of the functions or
Initial Cleaning You should clean the using the first cleaners! The To the of the cloth with to which or specifically this To the or the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and the of the the and allow to the front of the with cloth. the first
operating the the The with buttons and selection. To the button. The then Switching the On and Turn the functions to the function. Turn the to the The while the The while the heating To the off, the and back to the Functions Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off automatically. Light
Functions The the following Heating function Light With this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating Convection food items the of the and toasting food items and toasting and roasting heat cakes with or Defrost defrosting and or other fro- foods to three shelves the the C than when roasting of meat or shelf. The function and operating the top heat, top heat Top heat, heat heat
operating the the Shelf and the Roasting Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the roasting the roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from the shelf and the roasting together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected operating the
operating the The consists of and roasting The both Warning: There of burning when the from the the The the roasting the roasting the of the selected roasting of meat or shelf. the top: The the roasting the roasting the of the selected food items and toasting.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the tion of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First operating the
operating the to the clock function selected, the function flashes seconds. this the the or the the function flashes another seconds. that the function then The to Press of the buttons to the acoustic The function and selected or the clock and the cooking the function and back to the OFF Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes Switching the the appears the The switched off of the clock or Countdown
Countdown Press Selection repeated- the function Countdown flashes. the or the Countdown hours seconds, the shows the The function Countdown light the the function flashes and acoustic sounds Press to switch off the operating the
operating the Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or the cooking seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the
Press Selection repeated- the function flashes. the or button, the switch-off seconds, the to the The function light the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Press to switch off the and the operating the
operating the and and the to switched and off the function the of that the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The function and light and the shown the this The switch the as this switch off when the cook- this
and function: Convection with heating or with Convection with heating to the cake trays: and trays: and and non-stick Convection with heating bright and
and Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear
to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or the and the type of the the first and then necessary, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. and
and of function or Convection with heating Convection with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then Convection with heating Convection with heating C Mins.
of function with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast with (with of Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and of function with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Pre-heat the the or roasting Convection with heating Convection with heating C
than of Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating Shelf from C and
and The cake enough the The cake too too Increase too high and too cooked with- the cake too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/mix- too Shorten Dough/mixture too slightly higher to and crease the dough/mixture the
and Gratins Shelf function Convection with heating topped with Pre-heat the Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: or Convection Roasting heat-resistant (Please the instructions.) roasting cooked directly the or the with the below roasting these roasting with This the meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the using the roasting chart The the following only. cooking and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting Turn the meat as about of roasting and the cooking This roasting Switch off the to the of the cooking to the heat. and
and Roasting Shelf of meat Quantity Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection Convection of of Convection Convection of of of Convention- to Convention- of Convection Convection Convection C
Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of Poultry Poultry each each Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the Convection Convection and C Hours
and function: or with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the functions the shelf the recommended the collecting the the first from the The only. of or
Defrosting function: Defrost Unpack the food and the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Food Meat, through the Meat, through the Trout, that slightly Cream, whipped Defrost- frosting the through the and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat of the with twist-off or type and the first from the bot- the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C and to cook 100C
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that lighting You switch the light to cleaning Cleaning The that coating self-cleaning. They splashes of while the To this self-cleaning heating the with- food items from the the with and then the to C. Switch the off hour. the cooled cold, off with or cleaners. or other cleaning the the coating slightly. This its (shelf shelf each and to them to clean.
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. the First the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and cleaning and
cleaning and Lighting Warning: of shock! or to the light Switch off the from the electricity ply. cloth the to the light and the light the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then clean If necessary: with V, C heat-re- the cover.
cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with hand each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the facing thing and to scratch- cleaning and
cleaning and the back its From the of the with each and of the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the
The with three of mounted the oth- er.The cleaning. Rough cially around the of the front the to the the as as the (A) both the as as the first cleaning and
cleaning and of the the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the the of the the other and them. the first, then the
of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This pushedThis the and the (D). The (E) snapped cleaning and
cleaning and the as as theclamping (A) both back their the
What to The heat The switched Switch the The lighting operat- If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service or of charge, the warranty The clock the the clock The the the tripped The faulty. with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to what to the If the please
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the supply comply to the UK tion It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The should these type PVC/PVC and earth 15A 20A
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they only combined with from the instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
Guarantee/Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and only the ity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The iced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. service or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United found to within those which to Products of that
service This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 service
service SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the follow- and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electrolux.co.uk. service and
service and Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk 087-A-131206-01