EOB
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
Information of the The the First of the the The Assisted The The and Cleaning and of Something Technical Instructions the Building Guarantee/Customer Service Service and to the instructions instructions instructions and This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive); (EMC Directive); Directive); and MANUFACTURER: MANUFACTURER: MANUFACTURER: MANUFACTURER: MANUFACTURER: ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ITALY FORL (Italy)
Information These the of the and those with them. them and the This allow to performance, the and the If Customer This to the British This when both and the the to the This cooking only. It or back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the cleaning the the off or the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the
People This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowl- them from the without or instruction to that they the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to trapped The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the these user instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the to these instructions and the accompanying information.
of the Light cooling light plate
Grill/roasting the Touch the The Touch buttons the functions electronically. You of cooking function, cooking and the If the cooking function the cooking function selected. The light The light located right the and activated/deactivated touching the Shelf
Thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the supply. The switches back automatically, when the Should the thermostat to incorrect of the enough to the the cooled the other hand, the thermostat of please Customer Service. Cooling This with cooling to the front and the cool. The switches of blown through the and the as shown the the switched off, the to to the cool, which switches off automatically. This the of the of the the of the The switches off function selected and of the used. The shows the of
The shown the the selected function. o o o o o Function Function Function Function Function The active. the Duration Duration Duration Duration Duration the the cooking when the cooking finish. when the cooking started. the the reached. Heat+Hold 80C Heat+Hold Heat+Hold activated. option Clock Heat (with heat active (reduced heating-up weight active.
Touch On/Off Function To and the function active: Press once: to the higher (function active), seconds the active option Press and the higher (function switches off). To Functions switch off countdown To To switch or off. To To To of Press once: flashes. Press To Press once: To To cook or the to and the Select options Confirm
the First of the If would to If would to If would to If would to If would to of these of these of these of these of these please to the please to the please to the please to the please to the chapter chapter chapter chapter chapter the the connected to the supply, the following shown the the the of the software and the of the or the Confirm selected with From the the appear the and brightness the the the the the the the the the the and and and and and brightness displayed. brightness displayed. brightness displayed. brightness displayed. brightness displayed. The and the The and the The and the The and the The and the brightness brightness to the to the to the to the to the section section section section section the clock the and the brightness, the of displayed. or the hour of the Confirm with or the of the Confirm with The ready to
The only to the The only to the The only to the The to the The to the from disconnected from disconnected from from from the supply the supply the the supply the supply Initial cleaning Clean the the first or or or or or cleaning These cleaning These cleaning These cleaning These cleaning These the the the the the the cleaning both and the using the The only the of the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused To this, as follows: to switch the Select the function. the to 250C. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the and function approximately Once this operation the cool then the cavity with cloth cooking the first the To the the the
the The Assisted Heating Functions Light Poultry Casseroles/Gratins Heat
of Indication Heat+Hold Brightness Tones Tones Service Factory
of the Switch the with You the With or the to to the The selected displayed. At every back to the with At the of there the option You this to back to the higher You Then back the
Heat Heating function switched the that the heated heating With the heating shortened the function heating. the reached, from to right the heat heat switching off switching off switching off switching off switching off the the heat to the to the The to the instead of the of the heating seconds the heating Press and the the reached, sounds.
The Assisted The Assisted The the with The offer the cook the respective Top Poultry whole Whole of Breast Shoulder Meat Loaf Marinated of of whole whole with whole Boned Poultry of Steamed Temptation
Casseroles/Gratins Gratin Bread/Rolls Defrost Preserving You information the and the accompanying Swedish Yeast Yeast Onion White Chicory Gratin Gratin American, Bread/Rolls, Apple of French Chicken Browns Drying Plate Warming
of the Assisted Assisted with The roasting the or the option Assisted the and the Confirm each with or Confirm with or the of the food. The The started. as the finished, sounds. Press to switch off the If the within seconds, the automatically. The With the food displayed.
Assisted with and or the option Assisted the category and the Confirm each with or Confirm with The started. as the finished, sounds. Press to switch off the With the function and the respective them. This the to the Meatprobe,you the of food or or the option Assisted the category and the Confirm each with or Confirm with You the function and the section the
The Functions The the functions and roasting to function Application Heating Light Heat The light when function selected, the light function included. to the the 20-40C than when and roasting that and base. the C than when using roasting of meat or The function and using the of 200C. the of the and toasting and toasting cakes with or crusty bases. heating light Top heat, heat, light heat, heating light top heat, light light top heat, light heat, light Rear heating light
the Switch the with or the option function. Confirm with or function Confirm with or the Confirm with or seconds. The to heat the reached, acoustic sounds. The to heat the the function animated. the light switched the heating switched the other functions section Additional
The To To You of Select function or Assisted with the or the function or the Assisted Cookingpress repeatedly the SAVE appears. Confirm the The free memory displayed. Confirm using the You write the of The first flashes. or the alphabetical or the writing to the right or The flashes and and
Confirm with when written Memory that already overwritten of the memory with or the that would to overwrite. the Calling Switch the with the arrow or the option Confirm with the or the Confirm with The with its If appears to
The The You basic of the the of the the clock. Indication On shown when switched off. shown when switched off, switched off completely to On function shown the Select On Heat+Hold function shown the Select On Switch function on/off. Brightness brightness English Select and of touch-tones and Tones On Touch-tones each Tones On tones sound Service ECAIA207 the software and Factory to factory (including function shown the Select and activated. Heat+Hold function shown the Select sound. Switch touch-tones on/off. Switch tones on/off. V03IA003 and activated.
and the reduces its brightness when the switched off to of the or the option Confirm with or to the that to Confirm with The currently appears the or the Confirm with The Additional functions with the following Duration Heat+Hold Child shut-off
To countdown. counted sounds. This function the of the Press repeatedly the appears. or the countdown hours Confirm with or seconds. The option and the displayed. the counted to sounds. the acoustic sounds and displayed. Press to the The active to another function or the switched off.
Duration or Duration the to when the to switch off Select function. Press repeatedly the Duration/End appears. or the cooking or switch-off hours Confirm with or seconds. The of the selected function with the cooking or switch-off the acoustic sounds and displayed. The switches off. Press to the Irrespective of the function the cook You the Condition: The function to which cook
heat with the Duration and clock the Duration and clock used, the switches the heating off, when of the or The heat to the cooking the to Duration and combined Duration and the to switched and off Select function. Press repeatedly the Duration/End appears. the Duration function, the cooking the hour. Confirm with the function, the which the to ready, Confirm with or seconds. The selected function with the cooking and switch-off seconds. when the
Allows the function to Precondition: with Duration or The switched and off the To switch function completed. sounds and appears. Press appears with of the or using or seconds. The of the with the cook The of the the as function. The repeatedly.
The function Heat+Hold the or roasting This helpful, when Condition Heat+Hold: 80C To switch Heat+Hold Select function. Press repeatedly the Heat+Hold appears. Confirm with .The function Heat+Hold switched as the function completed, sounds and The function 80C as the with the switches off. Irrespective of the function active. You the activated or the
The function function and then You the morning and the the the and the with Condition: switch-Duration To switch Select function with Press repeatedly the appears. Confirm with The function switched To Press Selected function as the function completed, sounds. Press to switch off the While the selected function with operating the active section activated or deactivated the
The protects from To switch Select function. Press repeatedly the appears. Confirm with The activated. To switch off Press the Confirm with The the from switched off. the switched off, the Child the as the Child activated, the operated. Switching the Child Function selected. Press and the appears the The Child operation. Switching off the Child Press and the appears the The Child deactivated and the ready
shut-off If the switched off or the heat the switches off automatically. The switches off of: 115C hours 195C hours 245C hours 250C hours Switching shut-off Press the
The four The shelf counted from the of the as shown the of On the of the the of the shelves. shelf and other or The four The shelf counted from the of the as shown the Shelf and with to allow when or the shelves. the right and completely the or the the then them the to the the completely the This the and
and the closed while This with cooking that and the cooking circulating. Food therefore cooked constantly atmosphere, which cooks the food that and The and the reduced to Steam created which when the This the or the of of the of which of the food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the cooking process. the with and roasting or the as otherwise the the heat build-up.
Cleaning and cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the carrying cleaning operation, the disconnected from the supply. To to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should the and with cloth. If there or The and The action of (from or however rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the operation of the Clean the thoroughly This the to off. It burnt
Cleaning the These instructions to the as the If the or to the of the installation, the of right/ to the other both cleaning. Please follow the instructions below. With the right the perforated plate and with the the of the Then to the to the right and then upwards. the perforated of the C With the the and the C the tightly, that and Then of the securely with both and upwards. BBBBB AAAAA AAAAA CCCCC CCCCC DDDDD DDDDD
Then of the securely with both and upwards. Once the clean the and the Clean the with only. rough cloths, scouring or products, that the of the and the cleaning, the The (without that the the lefthand when the closed. The (with and of the that the shelf correctly when the from the front the the C then: the right of the perforated A the the C Then the of the perforated the the the this and that everything securely and firm. C
or the with and then with cloth. or as these the Clean the with the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Con- who pleased to further. If necessary, to the This should authorized ONLY This chargeable Customers recommended to this them- Shelves and Shelf Supports Clean the proceeding to the cleaning of the To the shelves and the shelf and with and with cloth. The The The The The The operation of the round the of the cavity. the of this If necessary, without cleaning products. If the shows to Service the repaired.
Shelf Supports and Catalytic The shelf and the easy cleaning. that the completely cooled carrying this operation. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the and the with the other the and the and them with while the rear off the and the of Catalytic Catalytic the base) splashes of food and when the to around 220C. To this to the hour or without food, to performance from the and and and and and cleaning of the recommended. cleaners and other used. and polishing of the This the once the cleaning the and the together and mount them following the Please, the when the shelf and the To the shelves, and with and with cloth. Follow the to reduce to reduce to reduce to reduce to reduce to reduce the Higher roasting increase cooking increased of and often the or when roasting meat; brushing with the roasting increase splashing and It NOT to to the meat when roasting. The and the from the
as as causing Covering cooking splashing the the covering the allow browning, required. and from this of allowing the to cook through the overbrowned. the roasting roasting, the from the beneath the and therefore from the Cleaning the This with to the of the easy to clean. proceeding the cool and nected from the electricity supply. the screw the carrying this tion the first screwdriver. Then the to allow to the Clean the with and the to its the its and the the the properly that when
the Light If the replacing, the the following specifications: W, to of C, type: E14. These purchased from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anti-clockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. The Grease that the supply switched off this action roasting, the grease to the of the wheel the back of the the roasting completed, the grease to as follows and thoroughly cleaned. Press the upwards and the The when
Something Working If the correctly, please the following contacting IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the PROBLEM The heating The light Steam and the food and the cavity. appears the clock SOLUTION Touch then cooking function. or the the tripped? or whether the correctly connected and the switch or the supply to the ON. or The function activated. To as follows: the about seconds. The to and off sound emitted. Within seconds the the and and them sound emitted. If the the switch then Select cooking function. or light necessary, from the Service and to the instructions this the cooking completed, the the than Switch the off and the house or the switch the If please of the and the
Technical Heating Heat cooking Defrost Drying Preserving Plate Warming Light Cooling rating of the Height top: Height thermostat 30C 250C
Instructions the comply with the I.E.E. Regulations and Electricity this should Electricity Board, or who the of the National Inspection Council Contracting (NICEIC). The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE THIS OVEN MUST BE THIS OVEN MUST BE THIS OVEN MUST BE THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED. EARTHED. EARTHED. EARTHED. EARTHED. The to the to the supply to the specifications below. It necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth
and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these only type type type type type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth only type type type type type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F
Building Please that when the Please that when the Please that when the Please that when the Please that when the easily easily easily easily easily the the of the the of the the of the the of the the of breakdown. breakdown. breakdown. breakdown. breakdown. Building Building Building Building Building The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess. the the to the with the four AAAAA which the the and then the four screws BBBBB.
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the
The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Service and If the the "Something the correctly, Service specifying the type of malfunctioning, the the and the the rating This plate the front of the cavity. the and carrying this Service and authorized shops.
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
EOB
www.electrolux.co.uk R.0