Built-In EOC65101
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This nected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the only service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer Services or Child when the whilst This to roasting and food the when to allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too instructions
instructions to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating Changes the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
of the Appliance of the
of the Shelf Functions Selection Top heat and heating Clock function buttons lighting heating Heat
cookware, cake tins, roasts and foods. cakes and Roasting and roasting or as collecting of the
the first the first and the The only operates when the the to the supply or when there the function flashes automatically. To that the Selection ton repeatedly the function flashes. the the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The the child deactivated, of the Countdown or clock tions and function
Initial Cleaning the the first should clean thoroughly. or cleaners. The To clean fronts cially cleaning the functions to Light and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth. using the first
using the the Switching the On and Functions Selection Selection Heat
Switching the Turn the to the function. The light lights The shows the the function selected. The to heat the reached, sounds. the Turn the to or the The C Checking the Press and Selection the The appears the Switching the off To the off, the tions to the OFF the
the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Heat Warming the function switched the that light the other the heated heat the switched off, the that the heat the With the functions and Convection the heating the function
Functions The the following Heating function Application Light this function light the interior, cleaning. Convection with heating and roasting that and the C than when Convection the of the and toasting and toasting heat with or crusty cleaning of the It burns off the which then with cloth when the cooled The heated to C. roasting and to three the the C than when using per/lower heat. roasting of meat or The function and the Rear heating Top heat, bottomheat heat, rear heating top heat, top heat heat Top heat, bottomheat,
the the Shelf, and Roasting Shelf and shelf the the right and that this the back of the This the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
the and together the the roasting the roasting the of the selected the Grease the grease when roasting to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and the
using the Clock Functions To the to To when the to switch off Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the tioning of the To or the section the Selector Clock function
to the clock functions clock function lected, the function flashes about seconds. this the or using the the the function to seconds. that the function then The to the background. the clock and completed, the functions turned back to the ton, switch the and the Checking the or Press the Selection peatedly, the clock function flashes and the or displayed. the
the Countdown Press the Selection peatedly the function Countdown flashes. the the countdown The function Countdown lights of the sounds. the and the function flash. sounds. To the flashing and the Press button.
Select the function and Press the Selection peatedly the function flashes. the the cooking The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The switches off. To the flashing and the Turn the to the
using the Select the function and Press the Selection peatedly the tion flashes. the the switch-off The function lights and the immediately. the and the function flash. sounds The ovenswitches off. To the flashing and the Turn the functions to
and and the to switched and off matically the function and the function, the that the to cook, this the function, the which the should ready. this The and function light and the shown the this 200C. The switches the this switches off when the cook this the
the Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the clock Switching off the clock Turn the to the right and the Selection the as the switched the automatically. the switched off, the clock To the clock the clock Switching the clock Turn the to the right and the Selection the appears
child The with child as the activated, the switched The child the the cooking the child to tivated, of the functions selected. Activating the Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE appears the The child activated. Deactivating the child Turn the to the and the Selection SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready the
the If switched off or the the switches off tomatically. The flashes the The switches off when the 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock function or
and function: Convection with heating or with With Convection with heating to the trays: and trays: and and non-stick Convection with heating bright and
and Instructions the with the the front. With or Convection with heating with to another the the This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of using the the first and then necessary, required, or too selecting higher If the the that If or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With the switched off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
of function cake or Convection with heating with heating cake Convection with heating cake Convection with heating Convection with heating Apple Apple off Apple off Plaited crown Christmas bread) -first of -then Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and of function with with yeast dough/ with yeast dough/ with Yeast cakes with (with of Convection with heating (thin Convection with heating Convection with heating (CH) Convection with heating Short Convection with heating whirls Convection with heating whirls with Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C
of function with white, Convection with heating with yeast dough Convection with heating Convection with heating cakes Convection with heating cakes Pre-heat the the or roasting Convection with heating Convection with heating and C
and than of Cakes/pastries/breads cake cakes/pastries/rolls Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the Convection with heating Shelf from C Convection with heating
The cake enough The cake (becomes too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease and and
and of Shelf C (thin (with of round Apple covered from of Pre-heat the
and Gratins Shelf function Convection with heating topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Table Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn chips or cooking Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions and C as tions as tions as tions as tions
and Roasting function: or Convection Roasting heat-resistant to roasting (please the instructions). roasting roasted directly the roasting or the with the roasting below roasting these roasting with This the meat of that or crackling, roasted the roasting without the the roasting chart The information the follow- only. cooking meat and and the To meat or from burning to the the roasting If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat.
Roasting Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of or thickness of thickness of thickness of thickness Convection Convection Chop, Convection Meat Convection cooked) Convection Convection of of Convection Convection of of of Convention- to Convention- of Convection Convection Convection and C Hours
and Shelf of meat Ovenfunction Convention- of Poultry Poultry each each Convection Convection Convection Convection Convection (steamed) Convention- Whole Pre-heat the Convection Convection C
function: or with with the closed. Food to of Toast Toast with pre-heat The should pre-heated with the functions the the recommended shelf the collecting the the first from the The of meat or and
and Drying function: Convection with heating shelves covered with or You switch the off through the the and the to cool overnight. this the food to Food to C Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears hours
Preserves function: heat only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the the used. the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, peas, Beans when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the to the first about with switch the off or reduce the to 100C and to cook 100C
cleaning and Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, mercially cleaning Warning: the of clean- the switched off and cooled Clean the each this to off and the chance to that to the when used. cleaning, the light every the with of and to the of using If using to follow the instructions. (shelf each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwash- the to which of dishwasher
cleaning Warning: The this process. children carrying the cleaning process, including the from the If the that as these cleaning. If the or C1 appears the The then to that protects the rails/oven shelf Performing First the of the manually. the function to appears the Press the cleaning then The Light reached, the locked. The of the heat light the the of Proceed as the section Performing as flashing, the using the once or cleaning then If flash- the Selection and then the the switch-off The switch-off the clock function (within of the the high of light of cleaning and
cleaning and Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the wards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the the the or switch off the cloth the to the light and the light the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover. cleaning and
cleaning and cleaning of the the of off its hinges. Removing the from its the as as the (A) both the as as the first of the with each and from the upwards It heavy). the with the outer facing thing and to scratch-
the back its From the of the with each and of Position the the of the the the the as as the as as the (A) both back their the cleaning and
cleaning and The with four of mounted the other. The cleaning. Rough cially around the of the front the to the as as the (A) both the as as the first
of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards of the their the other and them of the them upwards. Cleaning the Clean the thoroughly with of and Then them the back. From the the other the the of the and them. The first, then the cleaning and
cleaning and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer and the (D). The (E) snapped
the as as the (A) both back their the cleaning and
what to What to The heat The switched The lighting operat- The function (C1 shown the F2 appears the clock properly closed or appears the The clock to the The The The house the tripped The light rails/oven Switch the off and of the house or the the If the appears please Switch the the clock to the the Cut-out If the please rails/oven properly; Turn the off and the house or the switch the If please the Customer
If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to what to
instructions Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The to that the iso- lated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and protection the installation. The built-in the ity of DIN and built-in cooking with nection reasons, they only combined with from the
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the supply and the from the
service Guarantee/Customer This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  service
service Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com 236-A-220107-01