239-A-260203-06 information EOC6630
Customer, Please this instruction please the section the first Please this instruction reference. them to owners of the The following the Instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to
Instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first the Initial Cleaning. the Switching the On and Functions Attaching/Removing the Clock Functions Switching the and Roasting Table Roasting Thermal Defrosting Defrosting Preserving Drying with the Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. cleaning Shelf Lighting
What to Technical Regulations, Directives. Instructions Instructions the Conditions Service and
Instructions The only connected the of or to the or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the only specialists inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please Service Force or Child when the whilst This to and food the when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the
To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the weight the when directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from Council or Health Office.
of the Appliance
Light Functions Selection Shelf Clock function buttons Top heat and heating lighting heating Heat
Combination dishes, cake items roasting and with the as collecting the amounts of food
the first the The function the The function the connected to the or following the or to the seconds the function flashing and the clock the The ready
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To front cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the Switching the On and Turn the functions switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The whilst the The light only whilst the heat- To switch off the the functions switch and the selection switch to the Cooling the switched the to the of the cool. the switched off, the to to the then switches off. Functions Selection Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the cleaning. The heating Fan-assisted roasting and shelf the C than heat. heat and the roasting and to three C than when The heating and the switched or roasting The heating Thermal of meat or This function and gratin'. The heating and Top Heat when the foods such as or toasting Top heat and the used. foods that the of the shelf such as or toasting The heating Heat that The heating
Defrost To to thaw and to such items as or other foods this function the operates without heating. self-cleaning. this splashes and the and washed off once the cooled. The heated to C.
Attaching/Removing the The useful the and easily from the Attaching the the from the the of the and then hear Warning: of that the attached! Removing the Press the release the top of the and the to the the heated Overheating the to or and injury.
Clock Functions Function Function Selector Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First
information Once function selected the function seconds. this the using the or the the function seconds. this the function The to count The acoustic The function and selected or the clock cook and the cooking the function switch and the selection switch back to the off Switching the switching off the Switching off the buttons the becomes seconds). Switching the the reappears the seconds). The switched off of the clock functions cook or countdown
Countdown Press selection repeatedly the countdown function flashes. the or the countdown hours and seconds the the remaining The countdown function the the function and acoustic sound Press to switch off the tic
Press selection repeatedly the cook function flashes. buttons or the cooking seconds the to the The cook function minated. the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the
Press selection repeatedly the function flashes. or the which the to switch off. seconds the to the The function minated. the the function flash, acoustic sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the button.
and and together the to switch and off the cook function the the to cook. this hour. the function the which the to ready. this The cook and tion and the appear the this The switch the this switch off when the this
The neither of the functions (cook or Press selection repeatedly the function flashes. or the seconds the function flashing and the clock the The ready
If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The light flashes. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours C hours Switching Switch the off completely. Switch and the operated as
and the or function of and coated Light and Shelf It to items and to three trays: and trays: and
Information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. or with cake them the shelf. There increase the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the Notes the the information cooking and selection of The and cooking only these the and cake used. the first the and higher necessary, increased or the cooking too If information of formation cakes or than once the increased Items that might should the height of the item to to of the of this please the the of cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated, the information the with
The stated only. Recommended cooking and type of or cake or ring-shaped cakes cake Apple thin Shortcrust the cake cake (DIN) C Shelf tion Shelf C
of or Yeast Plaited roll/ring, cake sugar-topped cakes cake with Apple (DIN) (round Meringues Items with Choux C Shelf tion Shelf C
of or cake Shortcrust and and white Dishes Pre-heat the C Shelf tion Shelf C
of Shelf or cake C the instructions other Follow the as stated the the below (shelf tion with the instructions as stated the Follow the tions as stated the
Roasting the rotitherm or roasting. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to instructions!). roasts roasted directly the or the with the of that of meat should roasted with marinated meat.) this the meat its to roasting of meat without and meat of The roasting! Shelf Please the following the shelf to used. Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The infor- mation roasting meat and with of the the function meat such as or other of poultry) the rotitherm function. To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and cooking with the meat This roasting Switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat.
Table Roasting of Meat Rotitherm of or thickness cooked through Chop, Meat (pre-cooked) of Shelf tion of thick- of thick- of thick- C Shelf tion C
of Meat Rotitherm of of Whole of or of of Poultry of (steaming) Whole Pre-heat the Weight Shelf tion to C Shelf tion C
the function or wide-area with Warning: the when pre-heat the using the functions the and together Shelf foods should the from the Notes the The and the type and of meat or of meat and Turn the food through
Food Function C marinated thighs thighs to items than items Coiled to items Univer- Shelf
Food Function C Coiled to items Whole Toast (without Univer- Shelf
Thermal Function: Thermal roasting C Univer- Shelf Turn
Defrosting To food, the defrosting function without Defrosting the food plate and the plate the or to the food. plates or as they increase the defrosting Shelf the the from the to Notes the defrosting The below offers defrosting Defrosting Defrost and Meat, the or cover with Defrost and Meat, the or cover with Trout, Defrost Defrost Defrost Cream, Defrost Defrost- the Defrost and the or covered with Defrost whipped of slightly
Preserving the heat function Preserving that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C
Preserving Table The and Preserves C Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans hours Mins. cooking C Mins. with switched off
Drying with the with greaseproof or You switch the off through the and to cool, preferably overnight. Then the food. Beans Mushrooms Apricots Pears hours C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pressure of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt which the of the when the function used. Switch the lighting cleaning. Every the with and then items. Clean with Information: There to the cleaning If to follow the instructions. shelf each and to them to clean.
cleaning The becomes this process. from the the function. If using other these the cleaning process. of hand. the Function to Turn the to the right to the cleaning seconds, and switch off matically hours and the process, the and lighting off. The light the released the cleaning completed, to the cooled the with cloth.
Shelf The shelf the and right of the cleaning the walls. Removing the shelf the front of the from the and then the back the shelf The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the Disconnect from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light the cover.
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the oured both hinges. the with both the and to about the of ance. the from the heavy!). the with the outer to scratches. the With both of the of the from the which the positioned. the of the as as the the right and the of the the and then the brass-coloured both back to their the
The with four mounted the other. The cleaning. The following to only when the If the while the attached, the to and injury. Rough of the the of the front to Removing the the and, with the the of neath and the and the free. the and the the of their another and them the they free. the and them Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located, the other. the and them the of the as the as they the From the the section of the which the located. the the the the and front of the the of the the The plates tached. the
What to The heat The Switch the switched The lighting The light the light Cleaning and If to the with the please or Service Force Warning: Repairs to the service Repairs inexperienced serious to the If the incorrectly, the service or that of the of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to Symptom The the The the The the household tripped or the Check the or If the or the please
Technical Capacity capacity) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of and household EN EN EN EN relating to basic tion (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including 92/31/EWG).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation (screw- type to from the earth and The shock protection. The of the which the the of DIN and with They combined with with matching
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: Earth This earthed! The to the to the to the below. UK type PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth and connecting, the that reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these insulated
Conditions that within months of the of the chase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations try. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Index C Cleaning cleaning light Clock cook countdown the Clock Functions Combination shelf Defrost Defrosting of the functions light operating Preserving Preserving Table Repairs Roasting Shelf Switching off the and What to
Service and If to purchase or Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following informa- tion: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further formation products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
239-A-260203-06 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and mowers) each year to of USD than countries around the world.