EOC
information Product first and cooking to without information these instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the to these instructions and the accompanying formation. These the of users and them connecting and/or using the The with the and regulations force. The operations the the instructions the the and ted with knowledge, who ance with the If to the supply of the installation, these should fied This as or as with the single-phase to V. This cooking food; other when the The heat of the heating the shelves and other of of thinking and cleaning What to Technical If should whatever reason to cook food the allow it to with the of the cleaning the with the grease fitted), the heating or the thermostat It to of ifications to this or its acteristics. the roasting and process, the and the other of the Therefore, children should from the pliance. ances to near the that with or caught the to or of the cleaning the from cleaning the the off or the that the the OFF when the used. The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the
This It to allow to or with Children should while the switched the off, the This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction Product Cooling light plate to that they the Customer service and/or repairs the service or service authorised the and to the the of malfunctions or Repairs or
ON OFF Function function Increase or tion of cooking function cleaning function Decrease or heat-up function The Touch buttons the functions tronically. You of cooking function, cooking and the If the cooking function the function selected.
first Warning! both and the the the first connected to the supply, the and the flashes. the of the the clock: Touch and, while the flashing, the of touching or The arrow about seconds the displayed. as the flashing, Then, as the first the should heat- while empty. Touch to switch the Touch and the function the to 250C the Allow the to imately This should repeated with the and function about this emitted. This It caused Once this operation the cool then the cavity with cloth cooking the first the as To the the the On The switched cooking or the touched, the shows the and the light switches To switch off the cooking function or the light switch off and the the of only. It to switch off the
to cooking function Switch the touching Touch to the function. the touched, the shows and the cooking function appears the of the currently selected cooking function If the or to the The as the heats the ther- the to which the currently heated. the reached, acoustic sounds and the thermometer lights the and cooking Touch and to increase or the while the The 250C. Function Function Application cooking Touch and to increase or the cooking while the flashes. thermostat To overheating (through incorrect of the or the with thermostat, which the ply. The switches back matically, when the Should the thermostat to incorrect of the the the cooled If, the other hand, the thermostat because of please Customer service. Cooling The cools the and The switches of extracted through the the the switched off, the to to cool the operating This absolutely The action of the cooling the and what It switch or the The heat from both the top and and tributed the Preset 200C
Function Application and the The four shelf The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the cooking the cooking The 175C. The Recommended C Meat cooking Thermal Defrosting clean- The meat or and of Preset 250C. The heat from the and heating and the Heating function lected. The heat from the reduced to splashes from burning The 210C. This function offers of cooking food items, normally associated with The and the around the food. Preset 180C Highest C. cooked food without to cook The 80C. The The the without heat the This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. This function allows to the cavity thorough- and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which leased when the This absolutely Warning! back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release.
Warning! the and of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the shelf food heated, created, the with the the and creates Warning! to the of the when and the To reduce heat the the every cooking process. Warning! cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the the heat effected which motion the wheel the back of the (forced This the heat and through the cooked the The or the dishes. With cooking to of the or roasting only that the that cooking ticularly and or of the only and Meat and brushed with The the meat, the the should and The with the tioned upwards or To browning, the shelf the the the roasting clean- the roasting the first from the The closed every roasting or process. While the operating, the light switched Thermal the thermal of C. and to This of that the heat the food without the to the of the too This function of and whole such as or and Warning! the closed. The and the of the pointed and ance with). them with to Please follow these instructions:
the the from the as shown the the first the the food to cooked and the the the screws. the of the the of the clearly the of the of the the front of the the Unscrew the Select the Function touching the Function ton the appears the It to the the first from the about of the the Touch to the function. The flashes and the shows Touch to the The hours the seconds and then the acoustic sounds. To switch off the acoustic The NOT switch off The function when the off. To or to the Touch the and flash. the of the touching or To the Touch the and flash. Touch to the displayed To the to switch off food the switch the cooking function and the cooking required. Touch to the function. The cooking
and the While the flashing, to the The hours The and then the the switches off automatically. acoustic sounds and the shows To switch off the acoustic To the cooking Touch the flashes. Touch to the the shows To the to switch and off Carry the as the chapter. Touch the of function selected and the flashes. The the of cooking (that the Touch to the of cooking Once the the seconds and then The switches and off cally. acoustic sounds. To switch off the acoustic To the the functions switch-off The switch off of to the following 250C hours from to 245C hours from to 195C hours than 120C hours heating function cooking the tomatically switch off the of the and the heat to without the cooking This function when the cook- than the switch off:
Child the To from switching the to the Turn off the touching and the about seconds. acoustic sounds and the SAFE appears the The locked. Neither ted. To the Touch and the and them touched about seconds. acoustic sounds and the SAFE The operated. heat-up function cooking function and the selected, the cavity heat the selected reached. This from to the selected function and If to reach the the Heat function used. Switch the touching the cooking function and as the the touching or The appears the Touch The shows FHU Touch The approximately seconds. to the To this, or the reached, acoustic sounds and the to the selected This function with cooking function or This to to the functionality without the light, the and the This function switched when the first connected. If there when the supply the function only switched the and the flashing matically. seconds. acoustic sounds. Touch and the acoustic sounds and the shows the switched the appears the This that the function ted. selected.
The really and the heating switch Switch off the and follow the to the The the the of and cooking On and (150C-200C). Therefore, to pre-heat the the of the Shortcrust or to of the and then garnished This further the type and amount of or with from the The too If with or the the free the trays. If with or the the the and turned around about of the roasting: than when meat, which to the or higher (200C-250C). White meat, and the other hand, (150C- 175C). The or should to the roasting right the the cooking them the hour. The of the If correct, the the activated and the further to chapter What to You to whether the meat cooked: it depressed, cooked through. and which to higher If cooking meat directly the shelf, the roasting the below. the to least that the meat To reduce the of the recommended to the roasting To The plates the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the to the and amounts of the dishes. the of first cooking or roasting to tion of the dishes. Based own to the the and include pre-heating. The should heated
CAKES Top and heating TYPE OF DISH (C) and and Shortbread dough Apple and and cake and Christmas cake and and Fancy Choux If cook the that them the The If necessary, the should to BREAD AND PIZZA Top and heating TYPE OF DISH (C) White and If cook the that them the The If necessary, the should to or and (C) (C) NOTE NOTE
FLANS Top and heating TYPE OF DISH (C) and and If cook the that them the The If necessary, the should to MEATS Top and heating TYPE OF DISH (C) Shelf Shelf Shelf English Shelf Shelf Shelf Shoulder of with of Whole Whole The If necessary, the should to (C) (C) NOTE NOTE
FISH Top and heating TYPE OF DISH (C) and Trout bream and If cook the that them the The If necessary, the should to include pre-heating. Quantity TYPE OF DISH (C) Breast of Pre-heat Toasted Toast Thermal Warning! With the thermal of 200C. TYPE OF DISH (C) (C) The should heated NOTE
Quantity TYPE OF DISH (C) The If necessary, the should to and include pre-heating. TYPE OF DISH Quantity (C) Poultry The If necessary, the should to and cleaning Warning! cleaning, switch the off and cool Warning! The cleaned with superheated or cleaner. carrying cleaning operation, the disconnected from the supply. To to the following cleaning operations regularly: when the cooled Clean the with cleaners. the and with cloth. If there cially cleaners or The and The should heated The action of (from or however, rough the of the such the brightly polished of the the of the Clean the thoroughly every This the to clean off. It burnt Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NEVER as they the finishes. Harsh should cleaning the and cloth to which
To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches cleaning that non-stick or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as to Cavity The of the cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. cleaning The cavity coated with to high the cleaning operation, the the reach about 500C burning food security, the clean- operation, the when the the approaches about C. of the cleaning operation, the locked the cavity cooled The cooling operates cooking the cooled to the food with from to to and thorough cleaning, the cleaning tion. You of cleaning the If the cavity dirty, that the function (P I) the It to the with each cleaning If the cavity dirty, to the function (P the the cleaning function, to the hours when selecting the function and to hours when the function active. The recommends that cleaning function should and roasting and the acoustic heard and the displayed seconds and then acoustic heard. the the cleaning function. as as cleaning function each the switched off. How to the cleaning function Warning! activating the cleaning function, and that the empty. anything as they become Warning! that the closed activating the cleaning function. Warning! the cleaning function to the as this overheating and the Warning! the cleaning the becomes Children should cooled. Choose this function to clean the The following
(P I), hours. C Cooling (P hours. hour. C Cooling The the To the cleaning function as follows: Touch to switch the Touch the repeatedly, the function I) appears the The and the the the and acoustic sound. This that, activating the cleaning function, to the and the from the cavity. The seconds; this or to the (P I) or (P function choose the function, the to the lytic cleaning function. To the cleaning function, flashing the the and the acoustic The switches off and the cleaning as the heats the ther- indicating that the the increasing. To the cleaning If the and of the cleaning Touch to switch the repeatedly, the function I) appears the The and the the the and acoustic sound. This that, activating the cleaning function, to the and the from the cavity the previous chapter). The seconds; this or to the (P I) or (P function. choose the function, the to the cleaning function. At this touch the function
The of and the arrow flash. On the the cleaning (that the cooking displayed. Touch the or to the of seconds, the and the the acoustic Tthe the cleaning the tivated and the respective displayed. the cleaning process, the shows the of The locked. Once the cooled acoustic sounds and the pears. The To the cleaning the The the and right of the cleaning the walls. First that the cooled and disconnected from the the First the front of the from the and then the back. the To first the the back, then them the front and them place.To the and with and with cloth. the with the locking the chosen Warning! The the of the MUST upwards.
It to arately. that both the Each with to allow operation when or the shelves. the right and completely the or the the shelf then them the Warning! to the the completely the This the and Warning! and other or The The consists of three of The and the internal to cleaning the cleaning The abruptly try to the internal of when the assembled. To as follows: the the C C
and the the the the and COMPLETELY the from its seat the tected cloth to the from Release the to the of Turn the and them from their
Gently and off the the the orative Clean the with and cloth. products such as scouring or they the heat-reflecting of the of cleaning, reassemble the the and then the following the the correctly. To this operation correctly, as follows: the with the reassembled that the screen-printing facing The of the of roughness the when the The of back the right as shown the as shown the of the the to they locked. the when as the might shatter. If scratches or cracks the service immediately to the replaced. the light the from the supply switching off the If the replacing, the the following specifications: Heat to C type: E14 These purchased from To the light:
proceeding the cool and disconnected from the tricity supply. and the cover clockwise the and with the the cover and the supply. What to If the correctly, please the following the Service The switch Touch and then cooking function. or the the tion tripped? or the child the or the deactivation active? or the activated? or whether the correctly nected and the switch or the to the ON. The light Touch and then cooking function. or the and the light). It too to cook the or they cook too quickly. Steam and the food and the cavity. The that shelves and brating with the back The appears the PROBLEM SOLUTION the necessary, or follow the these tions, the section the the than the cooking completed. Please of the and to Customer Service office.
The shows the of chapter the clock"). Technical Heating Top heating Thermal heating light Cooling Instructions the and with the regulations force. interventions when the switched off. service the The the Connecting to the supply connecting to the supply, please The and the the of the rating The with earth tion with the force. The or the off switch easy to the This with incorporating PROBLEM SOLUTION rating of the Height top Height the shown the rating The to The following of the necessary rated tion account: H07RN-F, H05RN-F, H05RR-F, H05VVF, H05V2V2-F (T90), H05BB-F. If the connected without or the off switch with of the the and The switch the earth The yellow-green earth should than other The that reach 50C the the heating tested operated about The with easily which to with phase of V.
Earth or Building functioning of the built-in the or the which the built with the regulations force, which the shock protection of and insulated such that they without These include the fixing of the or of of built-in The shock protection the building of the The with its back or higher or walls. only other ances or of the height as the the other building-in The the shown the below. Building-in counter The the shown the below.
the to the The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The tally-friendly and with the international such >PE >PS< of the the this facility. the the to the the four with the which exactly the the and then four screws the the and the to security and to the off the necessary. with the Warning! should of, that To this, the from the and the from the
www.electrolux.com 397112901-A-102008