EKC6046 EOD33002 EKC6047
thinking of when this
Welcome to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the cover this to this and and the from that
information Product the charts and What to and cleaning Technical Customer The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information
information These the interests of that them or the of If about of the of these please The to the instructions supplied. The or The should serviced authorised Service and should used. The It that the the to both the and the This heavy and when to or this the both and the the used. It to the specifications or the information Child allow children to with of the allow to or the This and other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the Children should to that they with the CAUTION: should This to operated of or This to cook and other when heating and as they they become too
information or other that or the the when the or to and food the the becomes should to touching the heating the that to of the cavity. of the with back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. clear when the the using the the when the sealed or the They they heated. that the OFF when the or the towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with with Cleaning and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire the cookware containing or the switched allow the to switching off the to carrying cleaning/maintenance this with the instructions this or high cleaners to the
Product Top Function Selector Top Function Selector Top Top
the the This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (where The protected rated or The rating of the the rating the rating plate from the as this the to the of the with cloth the that the and to off from their become than Children should this emitted, therefore to The cooling the The cooling immediately when the and top switched and when the It the switched off the cooled. the the cooling and off, this allow the cooling to cool the switching off the to carrying cleaning or neon(s) The when the (where or switched The It and off to that the If the as the instructions the incorrectly to and following the instructions the and food heated to The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and caused the To and from
coverings the of the should securely to the trays, should directly the covering the the back of the than as they the of heat and performance. and The following items of and with the If of of the items below please service force the straight and top straight shelves
operation The Countdown Decrease Selector Increase The of the manually. To the of The hour clock. the electricity supply first switched the and the flash. To the the increase and necessary, the the the hour clock reached. The seconds and then The increase and first, and then They should To the countdown The 'Countdown' the of of This cooking to It of the To the Selector the 'Countdown' and the reads To the the increase the the to timed. If the to the This completed within seconds of first the Selector the of the 'Countdown', the shown the The 'Countdown' sound to the of the The sound
To the countdown If and to the 'Countdown', the Selector the 'Countdown' flashes then the shows the The 'Countdown' to seconds and then to the of To the the timed. the the first to while The to that operating correctly and to to cook the To the to switch and off the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food To the of cooking Press the Selector the Press the increase the of cooking displayed. If the the achieved. The cooking hours. Release the buttons. The this completed within seconds of first the Selector To the Press the Selector the flashes. Press the increase the displayed. If the the achieved. Release the buttons. The of displayed seconds. The and the to the The should off. the the and off showing that the
operation To the to switch off the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food the To the of cooking the Selector the Press the increase the of cooking displayed. Press the necessary. Release the buttons. The and the of seconds. the The should To the the cooking the Selector once and the displayed. To To the Selector the flashes. Press the the reads Release the buttons. The and seconds to the of Turn off the To the to At the of cooking the and sound to To the sound, of the three buttons. The to the of Turn off the Things to the of of the electricity supply, the and which allows to switch the off. please to the chapter of this cooking It to food the as as food within its and that food fresh and of cooking food to the and cool the food to immediately. food the covered cooking to food immediately
The CAUTION: when the should The which that the of the used, or the section when cooking of food. the Turn the top function clockwise to the The as follows: Turn the top to the right as as This the To the turn the top to Things to To light The It and off to that the maintained. The cooling the from splashes as the cleans The with the or with the closed. cover the or with as this to fires. To the To the the the the that the plate the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located when the It to the To the the to the right and the from the the the the that the centrally beneath the
operation The top The top the of the It heated the top and of the It cooking of food. It to cook fruitcakes, and or The top as It to and food the lowest the top the top Turn the top function to the Turn the top to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the dishes, and directly the as becomes and To the top shelf The should with the straight the and the the back of the To the shelf the reached. shelf the front that the clear the clear. To shelf, the and wire, the shelf these wires. cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
The The cooking of food. The of cooking Preheating The reaches its usually to preheat the Without preheating however, to the recommended cooking high the preheated first. when cooking or cooked ready preheat the first. cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. reduce about 20C 25C Batch The cooks useful when batch the Turn the function to the Turn the to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the cookware and cooking with rough the as to the To the shelves The shelves should with the straight the and the the back of the Straight To the shelf the shelf reached. the front that the clear the shelf clear. To shelf, the Each shelf and wire, the shelf these wires. operation of the
Defrost This function foods than It foods, which to covered with icings or frostings, cheesecakes, the Turn the to the Things to The and light It to the Turn the to the
chart FOOD GRILL TIME Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Plaice/Cod Toasted The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food. charts
charts cooking chart The as only. It to increase or the to and FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Christmas Meringues Shortbread FAN OVEN TOP OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
cooking chart FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Profiteroles Mince Meat Tarts, Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the that they spaced when than used. FAN OVEN TOP OVEN charts APPROX COOK TIME
charts Roasting chart MEAT TEMPERATURE COOKING TIME 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and INTERNAL TEMPERATURES 50-60C; 60-70C; 70-80C The roasting and the chart should to allow and the and of the meat. and cooking recommended or the cooking to then
and and when the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Food should thoroughly to splashing. and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting bread, the the top with the the high Preheat the or the heat and the as The food should turned cooking as required. using the section food centrally the directly beneath the and when using the top the shelves the switching the ON. Shelf counted from the upwards. There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cooking cakes, the or centrally the shelf. that food centrally the shelf and there around the tray/dish to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. of the cooking and shorter cooking required. the the cooking chart. hints and
hints and the the shortest when food pre-heated and when using the shelves the switching the Shelf counted from the upwards. cooking than the centrally shelves rather than shelf, this allow the heat to freely the batch type of food, cakes, those of cooked the It recommended that when the should spaced to the cooked. increase cooking necessary. directly the as with the and to the shelf and when defrosting the food where and through the defrosting process. The of defrosting influenced On defrosting than cooler It to thaw meat and the this the function. or thin or minced thin chops, hours. ready hours. the as as the thawing process. of meat to using the function. of meat and thoroughly cook thoroughly immediately thawing. food once defrosted. food immediately or cooked food the once cooled.
What to Please the following Service It that the which without the of service PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The and that the If the Allow the to of hours. The should normally. The and top the The or of the and allow the to cool. of hours that the as The that the instructions the of the followed. The correctly. customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service that the wired to the supply and switched the that the of the clock. that the the cooling when the If the cooling the correctly. service force that selected the function other the off what to
what to What to PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The cooking evenly. that the correctly and that the and shelf used. The light to The light replacing. If the cooking the light when the cook The that the that the shelves and with the back The too high or too that the recommended and shelf used. to the or slightly to the
and cleaning cleaning allow the to cool switching off the electricity supply. Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should as they the finishes. and should Cleaning the of the cleaning cleaners, or painted or finishes as the and using cloth and To with cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. the off immediately. and cleaning to of the from the as this and and the shelves and from the the the from the cavity and the of the Unhook the the top and from the cavity. To the the the cavity, back and the the shelves.
and cleaning Cleaning the shelves, and the washed the dishwasher. The shelves and cleaned using first cleaning Cleaning the and The and back of the and coated with Stay-clean coating. They should cleaned manually. The and cleaned using cleaners with that the instructions and that cleaners with the or painted finishes as this cleaners Stay-clean To the cleaning the shelves and the to which the cleaning It to the hour or to performance from the Stay-clean finish. and polishing of the Stay-clean This the Stay-clean or when roasting meat, only brushing with the roasting increase splashing and of the cavity. It to to meat when roasting. The and the from the cooking as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow
Cleaning the should the assembly from the cleaning. To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick cleaning and Chemical or Cleaning the and The outer cleaning. Clean the outer and or used. the or painted finishes. that and thoroughly to the outer and cleaning To the outer the slightly to to the head screws the top of the the screws screwdriver. the securely with the screws and washers completely with the other hand. The screws and washers the the top of the the of the the the and with hand, towards and slightly the with the other hand to the from the location the of the Gently release the to Clean the outer and or used. the or painted finishes. try to the which the The there to the cool, that and thoroughly to the outer
and cleaning If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please service force who pleased to further. To the the with both the the of the the of the the with hand, right to the Bring the the the screw location the the the top of the the with and the crosshead screws with washers the location with the other hand. the screws turn to the Tighten the screws positively with screwdriver closing the to the without the light The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover and then off. If necessary, screwdriver to off the cover, to the cavity. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply and the of
light (top The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover turning to the Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply and the of and cleaning
technical Technical AC Height: Width: Depth: and This with: Council Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC CE Directive 93/68/EEC Directive 2002/40/EC
This impaired with these instructions. This earthed. the screws from the earth from the the that the of electricity supply the as that indicated the rating This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating plate found the back or top of (where the of this Things to This to of the recommended as shown. If the fitted. to the to reduce the to to allow the to securely screwed the The around the within the with BS EN60-335. the of the required, should to Electricity to with their The switch should the within of the to to switch off the of emergency. To the wear when the its housing. the the
House Earth and continuity the connected to the supply and Choice of The should operated least and earth PVC insulated Please choose from the reading the connecting the to switch with least and protected with or If to and to and should to It to Earth to house to the IEE of that the the the to fitted. If the then the should that the screw fixing the recommended of least The should localised to that screw the securely The and firmly to the or If necessary, to the shelf which the the of the the of the and
Recommended installation section through showing
to to the which the which should the ready to its NOTE: It that the the to both the and the the user these operating instructions. Switch off the and To cover of From the of the input cover to to screw with screwdriver. using screwdriver then off with screwdriver cover and screw from
Connecting to the Warning: This earthed. of and earthed to as shown proceeding as follows:- wires to the to the insulation wires wirestrippers. the wires using wires from the of the insulation. Where Earth wires they sheathed to to the wires the and they each turn. the securely of the outer insulation the and that the wires as to fouling. and switch Checking Correct confirmed when switching the as the flashing. House Earth and the connected to the supply and Connecting to or Either follow the instructions connecting to the or to the instructions. the through the and to the from the which become
the IMPORTANT: that the switched off the further establish the of the to recommended than the front of the to reduce the to The should to closed whilst To the the cabinetry follow the people to the Warning: to this the should of the the that the of the back straight, the to the height straightening the the of the the while the front. The the to fouling the the and fixing the housed screw the screws with the the of the to the It to each screw alternatively to the Fixing screws Switch the then to the operating instructions.
installation please of the with and the authority this. At the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the switching off the Switching off the Press and buttons the switches off. Switching the Press to switch the The only switched off of the or 'Countdown',
Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk
please the the heading "Something the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
This each of the countries below the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com The the and to the and as country of Fredericia M-300, www.electrolux.fr this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland Road, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S-105
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk