user EOC
of the The Tips, and and to without This only connected the of or to the pliance: the or switch the off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer or Children's children while the operation. To unauthorised the with switch-on (including who, to their physical, or or their inexperience or of knowledge to the should this without the or instruction of This should roasting and of food. connecting to to this leads caught the Warning! WARNING: of burns! The becomes when of of thinking www.electrolux.com What to Consumer services If containing the slightly of and this when the of heat, or when Information According to the knowl- of food, cially products containing health to Therefore cook- where and foods too How to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to and of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched
foods the These the the switching off the cooling the or the and the coating the of the as of of the Light the and They therefore of warranty If function selected and nothing the ance, the
switches off the light To switch the light off, switch the and off to switch and Selector with OK selecting option Additional Functions selecting cooking The information shown the to the operating If the switched off, the of shown. If the pears the and shows the heat the the switched the shows the and information about the operating of Duration Heat
Top heat and light Meat Grease light heating Heat Rotary cakes, and Meat/Drip and roasting or as to catch grease. Meat exactly of meat Rotary with roasting of meat and try.
Shelf cookware, cake tins, roasts and food. The and operation You the to the The Heating Functions Cleaning Selecting the options Turn the Selector clockwise to to the function. Turn the Selector anticlockwise to to the previous function. the To the the On/Off If to the factory the function selected. Press the the the Selector to the or the subcategory. Follow the instructions the Selecting option the the Selector to the option. the option shown the the OK to the of each to back to the The These to the of dishes. Press the The and dishes, which then with the You of the and the the accompanying Assistance as to the classified the found the and
the the cooking to type of heat or cooking Instead, the food type from the only the grease when roasting. the to the to three the than and roasting that and base. the than Convention- roasting of meat or and browning. foods which the of the and toasting. or roasts foods and or Heat cakes with or crusty bases. roasts Heating Functions Roasting food To should the recommended cookware and/or You further infor- mation the section "Tips, and Heating Functions manually Heating Functions and cooking
selecting heating functions Defrost Drying Preserving Plate Warming of the of the clock Indication the of displayed when the switched off off, the switches off completely the Brightness the Tones Switches tones or off Tones Switches tones or off or to the house Service Indicates the of the software, the and the of operation Factory to the factory Cleaning cleaning and other To the using cleaning Cleaning of that should ted to cleaning. Can switched or off. Cleaning when cleaning and the to this fact. Can switched or off. Cleaning
Additional Functions You the Additional Functions to the Additional tions. KEY LOCK Duration/End Meatprobe to first using the first of the guage, then the of the the and the of switch the the first "SET LANGUAGE" appears the seconds. the Selector to the Then the OK to the basic the to the the to the This and approximately hours. If to the to brated. Please of the following to below 35C. the its location the to the and to the grease or to If the location, or of the other the Additional Functions that the function You the the Following the ready to used, as as cooled Initial cleaning The should thoroughly cleaned to first and the with of and or cleaning These the Switching and off Press the ON/OFF If the switched off, the of shown. If the appears the and shows the heat the Switch the Press the the The or shown. Select the or the directly. Follow the instructions the Switch the Press the
of shown. Selector to Then the OK to the Three of selected from. the Selector to Then the OK to this Follow the instructions the the expired, the heating function with the within the the tory. and roasting It to the function or the while the and roasting operation. information the Switch the the Selector and then the OK to "Heating The heating shown. Select the function. indicated the the using the wish. Then the OK to the Press the Additional Functions The cooking the Turn the Selector to the cooking Then the OK to the cooking The the flash. Turn the Selector to the Then the OK to the The to heat or tomatically and off the the expired, the heat- function with the within the the satisfactory. the while the and roasting' To the the the to the right. The the right of the (where displayed). Press the OK to the selection. The to the the choose the the with the OK the while the and roasting' To the function the the to the The the of the (where function displayed). Press OK to the Choose the function. the function with the OK Meatprobe the Meatprobe the matically off when the reached.
the Meatprobe used. If replacing, please the Switch the the meat the The of the Meatprobe the of the of the of the Meatprobe as as the the of the the the the Selector, the Then the OK to the the heating function and the The displayed from Within which the reached. This constantly and updated the The that the Meatprobe the meat and the the of the cooking and that the cooking process. C Meatprobe the Repeatedly the Additional Functions the appears the If necessary, the Selector. the You the function. Repeatedly the Additional tions appears the Turn the Selector to the Then the OK and the count Press the OK to switch off the KEY LOCK You switch the KEY LOCK and off the Additional Functions The KEY LOCK of Repeatedly the Additional tions "KEY LOCK" appears the Follow the instructions the Switch-on The using the "Switch-on function. This switching the when they shouldn't. Switching the switch-on on/off function selected) and sounds. the locked, "Appliance locked." appears the Mechanical the the deactivated.
Activating the of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. to the and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the There (C) the of the (B). This the and the (D). The (E) snapped To the pressed. C
the To the without the To To the lock, the to the right Proceed as Switching off the the mechanical lock. of the (B) the of the both and to release the Then the upwards. Demount from the of the (B)(2) and of the (B) each the of the and the (B) the of the
There (C) the of the (B). This the and the (D). The (E) snapped the switch-off of the If the switched off or the switches off. The switches off when the -120C hours -200C hours -250C hours hours C Starting switch- off Press the OK the Selector The activated the If the switched and roasting. The deactivated when the ance to the factory If the switched the the switched off, switch every hours of or roasting to clean The operates cleaning of the switched off the of cleaning. Select from the Then the OK to this the Selector to Then the OK to the the Selector to (ON) or (OFF) the Press the OK to the The the shelf, and roasting To increase the right and that this the back of the interior. This tation the from the or roasting the or roasting the of the selected
the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from off. the and roasting together: the the roasting the roasting the of the selected Inserting/Removing the grease the grease when to the heating from the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and
Rotary Attaching the food to the the the item to and the the the item to that the Tighten the the the roasting the lowest the the from the the front right- Tips, and To should the recommended cookware or the and the The to that the fits securely the Press the of the the the of the the front of the the notch the this the the heating function and with the tions the Rotary that the the the to the The the of the cooking process. Warning! There of burning when the Switch off the that cookware of or with heat-
Notes Shelf with or Yeast Notes Notes completely roasting Notes cake Shelf of cake which tins. Shortcrust Notes Notes Notes Notes Notes and the Shelf with Shelf Shelf with
Notes Shelf or Notes yeast Notes English speciality Roasting the grease when roasting to of the Notes Top Roasting Meatprobe, Select the of cooking or Roasting Meatprobe, Select the of cooking or Roasting the weight Roasting Meatprobe, Roasting the of Roasting Meatprobe, Roasting the Poultry/Fish Notes Boned Poultry Roasting Meatprobe, whole Roasting the whole Roasting the whole Roasting the whole Roasting the Whole Roasting Meatprobe, Notes of Roasting Meatprobe, Roasting the
Accessories Notes of Roasting Meatprobe, Roasting the food Notes foods, chips, Notes Fresh Notes Rolls/Baguette Accessories Notes Not Fish/Meat Accessories Notes Gratin Heat-resistant Shelf Fish/Meat Notes Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Accessories Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Accessories Notes Heat-resistant Shelf pre-cooked
Accessories Notes Fresh Heat-resistant Shelf pre-cooked Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Fresh Heat-resistant Shelf Notes or Notes Meat/Fish Accessories Notes High Heat-resistant Shelf Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf with the of the Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Dishes Notes Heat-resistant Shelf Notes One Heat-resistant Shelf Shelf
Gratin Notes Heat-resistant Shelf with the of the Notes Thick Thick of top- (American Thin Thin Accessories Notes base, without tional Not without Accessories Notes Notes and roasting to with the following and information. the selection of with the with with to three the the cake cake
and trays, and from dark-coloured with Teflon coating using the function, of light-coloured of with antistick coating of light instructions the with the the front. and to another This the items trays, they of Heating tion or shortcrust This to the the item and the cooling, the the to the The the cooking and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or the amount and the type of the to the first and higher when required, or the too If the items. The when or with such as or to and heights first. You should the this rates of as and roasting from those of previous this should the cooking and to the tions the following otherwise stated, the the that with the cold. (C) (h:min)
of Heating tion Apple (covered) Apple Apple Pre-heat Cakes/pastries/breads of Heating tion Yeast Crown Christmas -first of -then with Yeast with Yeast with Shortcrust Yeast with top- (with of (thin Pre-heat /roasting (C) (C) (h:min) (h:min)
of Heating tion whirls whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat with (Cakes/pastries/breads) of (C) Short whirls with with white, with yeast Pre-heat of cake too light cake the (C)
smooth) too reduced higher Too to too higher too too distributed Grease the grease cooked through the stated Grease the grease Roasting the grease when roasting! roasting heat-resistant to (Please follow the instructions.) You roasts directly the roasting or the shelf with the roasting roasting roasting with The meat of meat which or or crackling roasted roasting without Roasting of meat or of thickness of thick- too high slightly too high and too too slightly higher The information the following only. meat and or roasting the To meat or from burning to the the roasting cookware. If required, the of the cooking the to roasts and the cooking This roasting Heating tion (C) and increase the the
of meat of thick- of thick- Pre-heat of meat of cooked) of meat of of meat of of of of of of of pre-heat Roasting of meat Poultry to Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) (h:min) (h:min)
of meat Poultry of meat Fish, whole Meatprobe Top Shoulder of C Chop C C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to cooked Core Food to cooked Core Food to cooked Core Food to cooked Core Food to cooked Core Heating tion (C) Heating tion (C) C C C
the Grillfunctions with The right function related to the with the closed. pre-heat the the function. Food to of Toast Toast with without pre-heating Rotary Quantity Function C (pre-cooked With meat becomes beautifully and this function of and roasts or 120C of meat, 150C of meat, of To the shelf the the roasting the from the The of meat or using the heating function cook without Sear the meat to roasted each high meat roasting or directly the with the to catch the the Select heating tion If required, the to 150C and cook ready
Food to cooked Quantity C of C C and Warning! cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning! Cleaning the with or high-pressure reasons. or to the or to the as these scratch the This the to shatter. The of the the front of the with cloth and of and cleaning products. Please scouring or Clean the every This the to which then of the the the light the every with of and then with cleaners. please follow the instructions exactly. that the cleaning with C Accessories Clean and the (shelf, roasting each the items to cleaning Grease Clean the grease and or the dishwasher. burnt-on the with of dishwasher cleaning With the function, the Select the function the "Cleaning Warning! The become of burn! the when the heating as this the to abort. as reached, the locked. Cleaning the "Cleaning function the "Cleaning activated and shown the which what to of to the of Cleaning the "CLEANING REMINDER" the "Cleaning switched shown the when the to cleaned.
The the right and of the the of cleaning the walls. Removing the the from the the front and then them the back the The rounded of the to the front. To first the the the back and then the front and Light of shock! the light Switch off. Unscrew the from the or switch off. To the light and the cover, cloth the of the the light the cover off the cover turning ticlockwise and If necessary: with 230V, 300C heat-resistant light the cover.
the light Cleaning the cover the the cover with the of and If necessary: light the light from the Customer section "Service/Customer the light cloth to grease tion. the cover. the The from its to allow cleaning of the terior. the from its the as as Completely the both (A). the to the first the the of the with both each and upwards from the the
the and with the facing to scratches. the back the with both each and of the notches the of the with the the and allow the to as as the as as the both (A) their the The four of mounted top of another. The cleaning. Rough around the of the front the to the the as as the both (A) completely
the to the first the (B) the of the both and this to the Then the upwards and off. the their and the other them and of their Cleaning the Thoroughly clean the using of and Then them the the the other the from and then the The should ted first, then the the (B) both with the of the and the (B) the of the
On the of the (B) there (C). This the outer of the and the (D). The (E) What to The heating The switched C the as as the both (A) their the Switch
The light The light the light F11 appears the The or the meat the that appears the Warning! Repairs to the service to the from repairs. the of the the Customer or the chargeable, the warranty The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The and connected The The the blown Switch the off and the house or the the the Customer when the appears Information with fronts: to the cool front, when the or shortly or roasting, there of the while. The tally-friendly and with the international such >PE >PS< of the the this facility. Warning! should of, that To this, the from the and the from the Please comply with this instruction. If covered the warranty. the If the please fied the meat the the of the as as
information the The of the that the iso- lated from the with isolation (screw type to from the and protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN and cooking with reasons, they combined with from the The of heat protection and with the and closed ground- with ground-level that shortened least and which of the cross-section.
H05VV-F H05RR-F
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to other of the countries listed, the
with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bed- fordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-08200 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG phen The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Gon- S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105   Consumer services the of technical should first whether the with the of the instructions the section "What to If to the yourself, the Customer or of authorised that quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) the rating of displayed the ance the from that them when (PNC):
www.electrolux.com E-