EKC6046 EOD67642 EKC6047
thinking of when this
to the of chosen first from which with of pleasure the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
information Product the charts and What to and cleaning Technical Customer The following this user information concerning and information to the information and information
information These the interests of that them or the of If about of the of these please The to the instructions supplied. The or The should serviced authorised Service and only should used. The It that the the to both the and the This heavy and when to or this the both and the the used. It to the or the information Child allow to with of the allow to or the This and other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the Children should to that they with the CAUTION: should This to operated of or This to cook and other when heating and as they they become too
information or other that or the the when as become to and the when the when the or partially to and food the the becomes should to touching the heating the that obstructed to of the cavity. of the with back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. clear when the the the the when the sealed or the They they heated. the or the towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with with Cleaning and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire the cookware containing or the switched allow the to cool switching off the to carrying cleaning/maintenance this with the instructions this or high cleaners to the
Product Top
Product On switch Top and cavity Function increase Light (The light when the and when cavity selected. If action within of the or selecting cavity the off the light To the light off the and then turn the off Heat Light Defrost function
the This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (where The protected rated or The rating of the the rating the rating from the as this the to the of the with cloth the that the and to burn off from their become than Children should this emitted, therefore to The cooling the The cooling It the switched off the cooled. the the cooling ON and OFF, this the allow the cooling to cool the switching off the to carrying cleaning or On/Off The switched cooking function or the on/off and the cavity the To switch off the and the on/off function or the light and light switch off and the the of only. function buttons to allow to the or cavity. to allow to the cooking function. Each this appear the showing what cooking function selected. The operating shows the operating. This only of the clock Countdown or
using the and food heated to The allow of this to However, back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and caused the To and from coverings the of the should securely to the trays, should directly the covering the the back of the than as they the of heat and performance. and The following items of and with the If of of the items below please service force straight and top straight shelves
The Countdown Selector Decrease Increase The of the manually. To the of The hour clock. the electricity supply first switched the and the flash. To the the increase and necessary, the the the hour clock reached. The seconds and then The increase and buttons first, and then They should separately. To the countdown The 'Countdown' the of of This cooking to It of the To the Selector the 'Countdown' and the reads To the the increase the the to timed. If necessary the to the This completed within seconds of first pressing the Selector the operation of the 'Countdown', the shown the The 'Countdown' sound to the of the The sound
To the countdown If and to the 'Countdown', the Selector the 'Countdown' flashes then the shows the The 'Countdown' to seconds and then to the of To the the timed. using the the first to while The to that operating correctly and to to cook the To the to switch and off the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food To the of cooking Press the Selector the Press the increase the of cooking displayed. If the the achieved. The cooking hours. Release the buttons. The this completed within seconds of first the Selector To the Press the Selector the flashes. Press the increase the displayed. If the the achieved. Release the buttons. The of seconds. The and the to the The heat should off.
To the to switch off the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food the To the of cooking the Selector the To the to At the of cooking the and sound to To the sound, of the three buttons or The to the of Turn off the Things to the of interruption of the electricity supply, the and cooking It to food the as as food within its and that food fresh and of cooking food to the and cool the food to immediately. food the covered cooking to food immediately Press the increase the of cooking displayed. Press the necessary. Release the buttons. The and the of displayed seconds. the The should To the the cooking the Selector once and the displayed. To To the Selector the flashes. Press the the reads Release the buttons. The flash and seconds to the of Turn off the operation
The top top with and to the following of Top heat finishing and Top of the found the below Top Function To the top shelf The should with the straight the and the the back of the To the the shelf reached. the front that the clear the shelf clear. Top Top cooking Top heat finishing Top The which that the of the used, or the section when cooking of food. This of cooking the opportunity to cook without the operation. It dishes, which such as and Gratin's, and which top cook the cook This function the to This which such as and This allows to plates or pre-cooked to To shelf, the and wire, the these wires.
Top CAUTION: when the children should The which that the of the used, or the section when cooking of food. top The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the top cavity Press the Function the shown. The as follows: seconds choice confirmed. The to 250C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to To cooking performance the that only the red. The outer This the cooking cover the or with as this to fires. The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the from splashes as the cleans internal heard operation. This The with the or with the closed.
To the the the the that the the top of the the correctly located when the To the from the the the Protect when the the the that the centrally beneath the Top cooking The top the of the It heated the top and of the It cooking of food. It to cook fruitcakes, and or The top as It to and food the lowest the top top cooking The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the top cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 200C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of
Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the internal heard operation. This dishes, and directly the as becomes and cookware and cooking with rough the as to the Top heat finishing This function the to This which browning such as and top heat finishing The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the top cavity illuminated. Press the Function the illuminated. seconds choice confirmed. The to 150C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the
operation The cooling the internal heard operation. This and directly the as becomes and Top This allows to plates or to top The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the top cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 80C. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the internal heard operation. This and directly the as becomes and
The with functions and to the following of and Defrost. Function This foods such as where and required. This allows to plates or cooked to Defrost the allows to with the closed the therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the to cooking the and allows to with the closed. With the of and the normally cook This of cooking the opportunity to cook without the operation. It which such as and Gratin's, and which top cook the cook cooking cooking The cooking of food. This which such as and This function foods than It foods which to covered with icings or frostings, of the functions found the below
operation To the shelves The shelves should with the straight the and the towards the back of the Straight To the the reached. the front that the clear the clear. To shelf, the and the these wires. CAUTION: when the Young children should The which that the of the used, or the section when cooking of food. of the The switched cooking function or Press the the cavity Press the Function the shown. The as follows: seconds choice confirmed. The to 250C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the
from splashes as the cleans internal heard operation. This cover the or with as this to fires. the offers of cooking food items normally associated with to cooking the and allows to with the closed. With the of and the normally cook The of the to cook the and with or Dishes such as shepherd's and heated through and the top the function. therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the with the and with the The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 180C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the operation
The cooling the internal heard operation. This The and off cooking You to preheat To this as below and the to flashing food the cooking The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 200C. If to the pressing or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the internal heard operation. This cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
cooking The cooking of food. The of cooking Preheating The reaches its to preheat the Without preheating however, to the recommended high the preheated first. when cooking or cooked ready meals preheat the first. cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. reduce about 20C 25C own using Batch The cooks both when batch cooking The switched cooking function or Press the the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 150C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the heard operation. This cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
This foods such as where and required. The and with the The switched cooking function or Press the the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 150C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the internal heard operation. This This allows to plates or to The switched cooking function or Press the the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 80C. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the
The cooling the internal heard operation. This This which such as and The switched cooking function or Press the the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 200C. If to the or the reached. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The light The heat the reached the and then sound. the switched off the that the heat the The cooling the internal heard operation. This This function foods than It foods which to covered with icings or frostings, The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. The to 30C. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of Things to The and light operation
Other functions Child To children switching the to the The child The from the the child switched Activating the child The function selected. Press the and the Selector "SAFE" appears the The child activated. Deactivating the child Press the and the Selector "SAFE" from the The child and the ready light It to the light top and light The switched cooking function or Press the Cavity the cavity Press the Function the seconds choice confirmed. To switch off function the Function once. The function and the to the of If switched off or the the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off when the 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours hours Switching Switch the off completely. It then switched The the clock cook or heat function switched off, the of the heat that the heat the cooking function to the the
chart FOOD GRILL TIME Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Toasted The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food. charts
charts chart FOOD Shelf o C GRILL TIME Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Shelf counted from the of the The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food.
Top cooking chart The as only. It necessary to increase or the to and Christmas Meringues Shortbread FOOD charts COOKING POS TEMP C TOP OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
charts Top cooking chart Choux Profiteroles Mince Meat Tarts, Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the FOOD COOKING POS TEMP C TOP OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
cooking chart The as only. It necessary to increase or the to and OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Bread Christmas Meringues Shortbread CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN charts APPROX COOK TIME
charts cooking chart OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Profiteroles Mince Meat Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the that they spaced when than used. CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
Roasting chart MEAT TEMPERATURE COOKING TIME 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C 160-180C and Pheasant 160-180C and 160-180C and INTERNAL TEMPERATURES 50-60C; 60-70C; 70-80C The roasting and the chart should to allow and the and of the and cooking recommended or the cooking charts to then
hints and and and when using the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting the shelf the top with the the high Preheat the or the heat and the as The food should turned cooking as required. using the section food centrally the directly beneath the and when the top the shelves the switching the ON. Shelf counted from the upwards. There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cooking cakes, the or centrally the shelf. that food centrally the and there around the tray/dish to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. of the cooking and shorter cooking required. the the cooking chart.
the the shortest when food pre-heated and when cooking cooking If than of cooking the The allows the heat distribution. To increase the To increase top the There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cooking cakes, the or centrally the shelf. that food centrally the and there around the or to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and the of browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. directly the as the the shortest when food pre-heated and when using cooking the shelves the switching the Shelf counted from the upwards. cooking than the centrally shelves rather than shelf, this allow the heat to freely the cooking batch type of food, cakes, those of cooked the It recommended that when the should to the cooked. increase cooking necessary. hints and
hints and directly the as with the and to the and when foods the as and lightly with or to them food should the the 'high' the to allow of around the food. such as and below the when meats, or shelf. cook the they to the and the higher the selected. to and shelf cooking necessary. The food should turned cooking as required. that ready or cooked shepherds throughout of 140C foods. to to If than to the food the shelves and when cooking using the that food centrally the the cook and should cooked directly the shelf. To the base, of the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or non-stick increase browning. or polished the heat and browning.
and when defrosting the food where and through the defrosting The of defrosting influenced On than cooler It to thaw and the this the function. or thin or minced meat, thin chops, hours. ready approximately hours. the as as the thawing process. of meat to the function. of meat and thoroughly cook thoroughly immediately food once defrosted. food immediately or cooked food the once cooled. hints and
what to What to Please the following Service It that the which without the of service PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The and that the If the Allow the to cool of hours. The should normally. The and top the The or of the and allow the to cool. of hours that the as The that the instructions the operation of the closely followed. The correctly. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service that the wired to the supply and switched the that the of the clock. that the the cooling while, when the If the cooling the correctly. service force that selected the function other the off
What to continued PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The cooking evenly. that the correctly and that the recommended and shelf used. The light to The light replacing. If the cooking the light when the cook The that the that the shelves and with the back The too high or too that the recommended and used. to the or slightly to the what to
and cleaning and cleaning cleaning allow the to cool switching off the electricity supply. Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should as they the finishes. Harsh and should Cleaning the of the cleaning cleaners, or painted or finishes as the and cloth and To with cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. the wiped off immediately. Removing and the shelves and from the the the from the cavity and the of the the the top and from the cavity. To the the the cavity, back and the the shelves.
Cleaning the shelves, and the washed the dishwasher. The shelves and cleaned first cleaning Cleaning the and The and back of the and coated with Stay-clean coating. They should cleaned manually. The and cleaned cleaners with that the instructions and that cleaners with the or painted finishes as this cleaners Stay-clean and cleaning To the cleaning the shelves and the to CATA which the cleaning Press the Function the The CATA and the heat the reached. The operating to hour and the cook the cleaning finished sound. Press to the sound. The function off and the light It to the hour or to performance from the Stay-clean finish. and polishing of the Stay-clean This the Stay-clean
and cleaning or when roasting meat, brushing with the roasting increase splashing and of the cavity. It to to meat when roasting. The and the from the as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow required. Cleaning the should the assembly from the cleaning. To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick cleaning and Chemical or Cleaning the and The cleaning. Clean the and or used. the or painted finishes. that and thoroughly to the To To the the to to the top of the the of the with both the clears the location the rear. location location With hand, the to from the location the
(With other hand, the outer to removing the the If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please service force who pleased to further. To the the right the with Gently ease and the the location the lowering and the the location the rear. and cleaning the properly located and the text facing and the top of the to the without the
and cleaning light The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover and then off. If necessary, screwdriver to off the cover, to the cavity. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply and the of light (top The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover turning to the Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply and the of
Technical AC Width: Depth: and This with: Council Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC CE Directive 93/68/EEC Directive 2002/40/EC technical
This impaired with these instructions. This earthed. the screws from the earth from the the that the of electricity supply the as that indicated the rating This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating plate found the back or top of (where the of this Things to This to of the recommended as shown. If the fitted. to the to reduce the to to allow the to securely screwed the The around the within the with BS EN60-335. the of the required, should to Electricity to with their The switch should the within of the to to switch off the of To the wear when the its housing. the the
House Earth and the connected to the supply and Choice of The should operated least and earth PVC insulated Please choose from the reading the connecting the to switch with least and protected with or If to and to and should connected to It to Earth to house to the IEE of that the the the to fitted. If the then the should that the screw fixing the recommended of least The should ideally localised to that screw the securely The and to the or If necessary, to the which the the of the the of the and
Recommended section through showing
to to the which the which should the ready to its NOTE: It that the the to both the and the the user these operating instructions. Switch off the and To cover of From the of the input cover to to First screw with screwdriver. cover using screwdriver then off with screwdriver and screw from
Connecting to the Warning: This earthed. of and earthed to as shown proceeding as follows:- wires to the to the insulation wires wirestrippers. the wires using wires from the of the insulation. Where Earth wires they sheathed to to the wires the and they each turn. the securely of the insulation the and that the wires as to fouling. and switch Checking Correct confirmed when switching the as the flashing. House Earth and continuity the connected to the and Connecting to or cooker Either follow the instructions connecting to the or to the instructions. the through the and to the from the which become
the IMPORTANT: that the switched off the further establish the internal of the to recommended than the front of the to reduce the to The should to closed whilst To the the cabinetry follow the people to the Warning: to this the Each should of the the that the of the back straight, the to the height straightening the the of the the while the front. The the to fouling the the and spacers fixing the housed screw the screws with the the of the to the It to each screw alternatively to the Fixing screws Switch the then to the operating instructions.
please of the with and the authority this. At the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk
please the the heading "Something the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
This each of the countries below the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com The the and to the and as country of M-300, www.electrolux.fr this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland Road, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S-105
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk