built-in EOG EG
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-
the information............................................................................... of the the the first the the chart-Gas the chart-Fan chart-Grilling...................................................................................... Cleaning and Something Service and the Technical Adaptation to of Instructions building to the instructions instructions instructions and Information
information These the of the and those with them. them and/or using the these instructions with the Should the to third or or this when house, that the user to these instructions and the accompanying information. This with existing and regulations. This heavy. when both and the the to the This connected to combustion products It and connected with to the The of cooking the of heat and the which installed. that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective ENGLISH increasing the of mechanical where People This to operated allow to or with the This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowl- them from using the without or instruction to that they the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the
back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the The and the of the and them with to that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the
cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the and cleaning this with the instructions. This cleaned with or with cleaning cleaners or scrapers. These scratch the the which the shattering of the The should build-up of or other fire, the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. This conforms with the following ECC Directives Directive); (EMC Directive); Appliances); and modifications. MANUFACTURER: ELECTROLUX ITALIA (PN) The responsibility should these information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this informa- tion about recycling of this please city office, household or the where purchased the
of the function (Light, light light cavity plate plate
function (Light, The off. Light The light without cooking function. and of the (from of about 50C to of about 200C). cooking It with the function). The without the light The light when the Light-Grill light The light when the cooking function selected. The light the reached. It then and off to the
of cooking The the of with acoustic The Turn the clockwise to the then back to the The the operation, The cooling The cooling switches off of cooking.The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. off
using the the first both and the the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This It caused the ventilated. Switch the function to cooking Switch the to Allow the to this operation with the and cooking function Then the cool Then cloth with and and this to the cavity. using the first the as To the the the
the The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the food heated, created, the with the the and To reduce preheat the the cooking process. cook with the closed. clear when the allow it to the the The four The shelf counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. to the type of food to cooked, its consistency, and that of first cooking with the operating the the of to the to charts.
the cook with the closed. To the the Press the to and the to This seconds. release the the It to the through the the of the ignition, the about seconds, then release and to the If the light seconds: Release the and to the the and least trying to light the If the the to the least trying to light the The and the the The of the the to The thermocou- reason the should extinguish, the the flow.
of of supply) the the the of the cavity as shown the At the the and the reached. It to the through the the of the the the seconds. Release the and then the To the the to the If the or light, the to the and least trying to light the
chart include pre-heating pre-heating (about TEMP. SHELF COOKING FOOD (C) POSITIONS TIME MEAT POULTRY with or without or or or or or or or hours BAKED to VEGETABLES the PASTRY or or Choux or or or PUDDINGS Custard or hours or hours Meringues or hours CAKES or hours or hours or hours BREAD or or and or or through the cooking
the cook with the closed. The the heated the and the to the To the Light the as the ignition, the Light- to NOTE: The of
chart-Fan include pre-heating heating (about FOOD MEAT POULTRY with or without or or or or or or or hours BAKED to VEGETABLES the PASTRY or or Choux or or or PUDDINGS Custard or hours or hours Meringues or hours CAKES or hours or or hours or hours BREAD or or or or and or or through the cooking Choose these when cooking than TEMP. SHELF (C) POSITIONS COOKING TIME
with the closed. to the Turn the function (Light-Grill clockwise to The the the (from of about 50C to of about 200C). the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the top cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the as The light when the "Light-Grill It the reached. It then and off to that the NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top with the its 'high' The food should turned as required. OI
chart include pre-heating pre-heating (about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The The to to
The and the of the pointed and them with to To the as follows: the the from the as shown the the first the the food to cooked and the the the screws. the of the the of the clearly the of the of the the front of the the Unscrew the Turn the Light-Grill to the and the of It to the the first from the about of with the include pre-heating heating (about Shelf Food type Poultry Roasts C
Cleaning and or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the supply. The should build-up of or other fire, the This cleaned with or with cleaning Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should or to the cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches Chemical or removers. Clean the and Cavity The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. the of the of and technicians as as shows abnormalities.
Cleaning the cleaning the to from the Proceed as follows: the completely; the the to the A); and the located the B); the its and right- then turn the half-closed C); the off its C); it steady Clean the with and softh cloth only. Once the cleaning the following the or that the cleaned and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the C
of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. The light the from the supply. If the replacing, with the following specifications: W/25 W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the isolated from the supply. and the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply.
Something If the correctly, please the following Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the PROBLEM The or light. Food cooking too or too slowly. The light The cooking evenly. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The cooling SOLUTION that the switched the or that the supply interrupted the cooling to the or that there with that the recommended and the light and "Cleaning the that the properly. or that using the recommended and the cooking completed, the the than or to the of this cially to the chapter the the cavity. Switch the off and authorised service through the and the Switch the off and authorised
If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service Technical Heating G30/G31) G20) heating light Cooling rating Appliance G30/G31 G20 (2H) Appliance II2H3+ Appliance Class of the Height top Height customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
The following instructions about and that the of installation, and service to the existing regulations. the of the to with THE MANUFACTURING COM- PANY DECLINES ANY RESPONSABILITY FOR POS- SIBLE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM AN INSTALLATION WHICH DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE RULES IN FORCE. This connected to combustion products It and with the to the The of the of heat and the which that the or mechanical (mechanical Warning This and constantly lated to force. to the properly, that to combustion flow the (The follow the force). The flow the directly through of walls. These (or should such to occluded both from and and technician, with force. The coonection force. of caused or earth
The of hoses Connecting the to the supply The supply located the of the right the To the Partially the the (about and the from The to of the following procedures: A) with (with to only) screw the feed to the the the and the B) with the the the and the supplied). Tighten the of to the and to to the supply Completely the the and as indicated the the of the from A) from B) from supply supply supply
using the the supply and the while the the recess. The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
Adaptation to of IMPORTANT The to of should only and It to that this with with LPG the fitted. The to of To the follow this the of the cavity (A) to the (B). the fixing screws (C) which the the off the (D) and to the that the off the mouthpiece, and to to the candle (E) and the thermocouple (F). With and the (D), and with the Table the following Reassemble the following the backwards. the type located the with the to the type which with the The
GAS INJECTOR NOMINAL NOMINALGAS REDUCED BY-PASS NOMINAL TYPE MARK GAS FLOW GAS NEEDLE GAS (G20) (G30/G31) of This and only. the from the supply. the the by-pass screw (A) thin screwdriver. from to completely the screw from to the by-pass screw about of turn. the the supply. the supply the back their Light the the chapter), the and the heat least. that the when turning the POWER POWER PRESSURE
from to Should the when the whole from to obtained the crown. The should these Instructions building Location of The located or bathroom, shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to these This or If the to built- recommended that the the
Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. BUILDING IN The surround or which the built with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C the of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the highly recommended to the with without
the to the the the to the the four "A" with the which exactly the the and then the four screws "B" with the the the and the to security reasons and to the off the necessary. with the
The instructions below specifically and should or to installation, and operations with and with legislation and strongly that operations the of carryed Qualified with existing and regulations. to the that: the protection and the to the of the rating earth with and force; the or the switch the easily reached the built This with supply to the specified the rating to the The to If to the
to the and the switch, with of the and with force. The ground the switch and should than the other The such as to that reach 50C higher than the supply the following types, the respective section of H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F. The of exclusively the service force or with with the regulations. The easily which to with single-phase of V. The these
Service and If the the chapter "Something the correctly, Service specifying the type of malfunctioning, the the and the the This plate the front of the cavity. the and carrying this Service and thorized shops.
This each of the countries the back of this user the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the bour and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
R.A