EOG
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the to The to cook food. You other It and from the The instructions that with the and where fitted. If the already that instructions followed. If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something RATING PLATE This the front of the and the top cavity Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (Where the rating plate from the as this the EOG
Instructions EOG the information The cooling the Lighting the The The and The and cooking chart The and cleaning What and why? Servicing Technical Location of Testing Conditions
the This and serviced as stated the regulations edition. It that the supply. should the This with height Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further EOG
information To the from please these instructions You should to cooking and as these from You necessary to these with the of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the housing and finish. To to the housing or the or partially when the or If housing the the become when the perishable foods the the The cooling the cooling The cooling to as as light the or You to hear the when The cooling to turned off the or It switch and off the cooled If to off the supply to the should the cooling the or from the cavity and the below the to too to the or while EOG information
information The and light when the If, reason of the the relight Please You the with the or You the when the closed. You the and together. You the or the of Connecting to the electricity supply This earthed and protected The with the directly to three earthed If to the with which ASTA to BS the the cover back If the cover from The or coding. If the off of as shock the house. If the there with the supply. the trying another of that correctly the the If the there the which right. with rating higher than other the and EOG
Lighting the To light: the the and to the highest This shown cover the or with as this to fires To light: the the and to the there first. the to the the showing the EOG Lighting the
Lighting the To off the and it to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the EOG
The that the without food to burn off from the this emitted, therefore to You the when the when the used. Young should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. The high should cooking such as toast. to cook thicker such as the high You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. The should the shelf without the plate The of the You the to of food. If the whilst the and hear The relight when the EOG The
The food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight the shelf. This when the top of food such as Preheating You usually to preheat the You to preheat of when cooking or browning food. food the food such as toast, and the of the If food this rotating food which heat, such as and the of the products and to their thickness and them cooked. shelf You should the without the when the shelf only If to completely, as as the front and To the shelf the front the the the front and the when toasting and the height of the to Shelf counted from the top when toasting and the height of the to Shelf counted from the top EOG
Dishes, and should directly the as becomes and the attempting to the should when or the and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire, the EOG The
The The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force EOG
To the of the food when the should the the shelf to to food. the heat Plate the the shelf below the to plates the when the turned and the The heat from the the EOG The
The The the when the the should with cloth. This that the without food to off from the this emitted, therefore to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the You the of the to If cooking than of items, cakes or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher shelf to Preheating You to preheat the and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the to preheat the EOG
shelves The shelves of The top shelf should only. the shelves only If to completely, as as it the front and To the the front the shelf the the front and the shelf The counted from the top and recommended the cooking charts and cooking to least shelves to allow the heat to properly. You the with the the top to the other or below the where there the with the higher when cooking The recommended the cooking charts the EOG The
The and the that which If or which than this, to around the of the shelf. You to items around Roasting roasting or to It necessary to cover meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to cooktimes. If roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and Whenever to that food which of covered. If straight EOG cooking dishes, and the This the as as the and possibly the the of and the of the the heat properly. of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the too back as food the
If cooking than of items, or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher shelf to These instructions cooking the pre-heated using shelves the with the plate the higher least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the the the of the shelf. cooking chart and and and and and and and and cooking Shelf Roasting meat: Food Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Recommended shelf with chart
cooking chart The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow and and and as including stuffing Thoroughly thaw cooking them. each Christmas cake Yorkshire cooking Shelf below and Poultry: Food hours. hours. hours. hour. Recommended with
cooking Shelf Food Profiteroles Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) To the cook or plates and to cook. hours. and Yeast You then them them to Recommended with cooking chart
cooking cooking The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat foods such as and cooking because the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally brown. Food cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. least hours. cook of using meat thermometer, that the the least o C. the roasting or Thaw meat and cook of meat from off and first. EOG
Soups, and cook cook cook the the of the or food with tight or to hours. beans then to meat food with tight or To from to hours. the the such as the and cover the with hours. foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of retained there seasoning the of the cooking slightly there and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. EOG cooking
cooking Reheating Cool food and then the reheat food the cook Reheat food the or microwave. reheat food once. EOG
The DECREASE CONTROL MINUTE MINDER INCREASE CONTROL COOKPOT SYMBOL The the of as and it to and switch off the Please that this hour clock, shown as the following to the and the of through them with the 1.SET THE TIME OF DAY the electricity supply first switched ON, the Press buttons and together. Release buttons, appear the as Within seconds the as Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached, The increase and buttons first, and then They should separately. EOG The
The THE MINUTE MINDER IMPORTANT The to cooking At the of the cook the switch off the The the of of cooking to hours and To and the Release and and The count the to reached If and to the The to count once The of the To the of the cook Press At the of the the click, switching the OFF sound to The and the cookpot The of the To the sound The flashing and the of To the to If the once cooking food and OFF EOG
TO CANCEL THE MINUTE MINDER If and to the Press and release Press and and the count to Release seconds the of the If the this switch OFF seconds. To buttons and together. THINGS TO NOTE The of the There seconds the switches The function the and switch the OFF the of This function useful to cooking and the switch OFF automatically. If the to food cooking the to the the EOG The
and cleaning and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If own dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean using cloth that and cloth. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the You the when cleaning the The The and should cleaned with such as 'Cif or or such as EOG
The Clean the the shelves, the and the while they slightly This easily splashes and You The heat the the of the plate the shelf. You the plate from the shelf. You the to cleaning If cleaners they the Council (VEDC) of Follow the instructions the cleaning and the with to becoming allow the cleaning to with the Follow these to cleaning EOG or they too high the If they to the roasting with This roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the outer and You the from the to. To the the the head screws the top of the these screws screwdriver. You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the holding the the from the top of the the of the both the top of the towards slightly to the the of the Clean the outer and and such as the holding both and the the of the the of the the top of the the and the screw location the top of the that correctly positioned. You this through the the top of the and that the screw location the with and the head screws the location with the other hand. Tighten the screws using screwdriver. the EOG
What and why? strongly that the following Service The or light. that the switched the that the interrupted the cooling to cool the that the switched the and allow the cooling to cool the that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that using the and shelf and to the or to the The cooking evenly. that the properly and that the recommended and shelf If or which than the recommend, to round If cooking item to round EOG What and why?
What and why? cleaning of the that following the instructions and cleaning. The that the instructions followed. The or that the It that the to to EOG
Service and the of service or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to Service Force covering Customers Ireland should telephone through the information the heading 'What and why? customers should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service to the of the and of this information this P.N.C. EOG Servicing
Servicing to or the as this that service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone telephone directory EOG
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Where and L.P. of this that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front top rear of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height N/A of Appliance Clearance top of Appliance to of CONNECTIONS Hose top right of B.S.P.. Right of B.S.P. Rear of 240V to and moulded GENERAL Top right SOVRBB01G IGNITION H.T. 240V APCO D9805/1 GRILL with expanded Heat OVEN Sheet mounted of Heat 'H' G.S.D. 'H' G.S.D100/30 Thermostat 'H' 1100/141/B2 'H'1100/142 /B2 Thermostat
IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions. the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and BS.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE The located or located bathroom, shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to The following internal NOTE: Where with the clearance of top and If the to to or that the heat with the fitted. These located the front and the fixing screws Section). This or If the to recommended that the the L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other FIG.1 recommended
INSTALLATION Installation. FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET It recommended that hose (B.F.S.) and straight (B.F.S.) the installation. hose of the used. IMPORTANT: comply with BS editions. L.P.G. of type L.P.G. and of operation to and or NOTE: threaded P.T.F.E. and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the The to the the rear right the or should accordingly. the as that the the to NOTE: It that the the to both the and the allow to with of the the section the section If the supply and fixing to located the located the as indicated hose to the supply The hose should enough to allow the to from the N.B. people to the the front of the and the supply Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this hose to the Warning: to this the the the the hose and trapped. the as back as and the using the four screws the indicated NOTE: If the heat they should located the front and the four screws. Carry NOTE: supply SECTION FIG.2 HEAT DEFLECTOR FIXING POINTS
INSTALLATION FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the as that the the to allow children to with of the NOTE: It that the the to both the and the the section the section and the the supply the right of the the screws the the and assembly from the back of the the from the and assembly. The the installation. The should connected to the supply "B.S.P. straight the supply with the the of the the upwards. the front of the and the supply Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this N.B. people to the Warning: to this the the the the supply the the of the and the the the as back as the supply through the and through and the to the four screws the indicated NOTE: If the heat they should located the front and the four screws. Tighten the the supply Carry NOTE: supply Section FIG.4 GAS INLET SUPPLY BLOCK
CONNECTION TO ELECTRICITY SUPPLY WARNING: This earthed, earth this to the supply This to 220V-240V supply which incorporates If other type of should incorporate the or or the board. The with of with moulded If this to allow the to the supply the supply least sectional B.E.A.B. sealed with DO NOT EXTEND THE CABLE USING PLASTIC OR CERAMIC CONNECTION TERMINAL BLOCKS AND/OR INSULATION TAPE. If the supply recommended that the of the to the the Should the to threaded through the from the If the off of as shock the house. To to the of the the wires as follows: BROWN to the BLUE to the GREEN and YELLOW to the earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The which GREEN and YELLOW connected to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured GREEN or GREEN and YELLOW. The which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the 'N' or coloured The which BROWN connected to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. FIT AMP FUSE TO THE PLUG FUSE HOLDER FIG.5 FIG.6
PRESSURE TESTING The located the right of the Access to the through the top right of the the head anticlockwise from the the to the the supply turning the thermostat to Then the electricity supply. Allow the to light and flow to The should L.P. Turn off the electricity supply and the thermostat; the and the Turn supply and soundness. NOTE: The supply connected to the FIG.7 RE-ASSEMBLE THE APPLIANCE the section below). the section A. REMOVAL OF FASCIA PANEL the and the four screws each which the of the FIG.8 the of the the to from the top fixing NOTE: To the top mounts becoming to the top fixing INLET ELBOW PRESSURE TEST POINT
B. REMOVAL OF OVEN DOOR the to there To the clear the the slightly whilst Reassemble CHECKING THE GRILL the the With the the that there from This should the alight. There switch which off the supply to the when the closed. that closing the the should off to the the closed. NOTE The to SET THE TIME OF DAY To the clock Turn electricity supply and that the thermostat the off Press buttons and together. Release buttons, appear the Within seconds the Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached, MINUTE MINDER OPERATION To and the Release and and The count the to reached If and to the The to count once The of the To the of the cook Press At the of the the click, switching the OFF sound to The and the cookpot The of the To the sound The flashing and the of To the to If using the once depressed. food and OFF FIG.9 HINGE STIRRUP FIG.10
CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the thermostat to and that there from the This should the alight. the lights the should There should first to the which the (F.S.D.) by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the thermostat to the and that the reduced. Turn off the thermostat and that the GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the of the
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating plate The only, and with the instructions The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property This to and other rights and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The account regulations country please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service Force of and to and UK Slough
EOG600
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION Heat Deflector Fixing Shelf Shelf with Plate If This from Service Force EOG
IMPORTANT NOTICE with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the printed, superseded or appearance Household Appliances EOG ELECTROLUX HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE, SL1 1DZ TELEPHONE