INSTRUCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction using the built-in EOG GB
Information You MUST these or the If Customer This and serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to Installations I.S.813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. This heavy. when both and the the to the The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where Child This to operated allow to near or with the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the of the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of it off the catches, to The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the the Information of the Appliance the First the the the Cleaning the Something Not the Light Service and Conditions to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions instructions and information this instruction reference and to owner. Instructions the Building Conversion from to LPG This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) Directive); Directives); Directive) and
of the Appliance off On (heat from the of On (heat from the top) The the of with acoustic The Turn the clockwise to the then turn back to the The the operation, Light The light when the and light Roasting
Cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This the First both and the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This Light the the and the to Allow the to the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the the it The four shelf and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly positioned. Attention! directly the and cover with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the shelves. and food heated the as The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and with the To and from
the the should as as to heat and To the Press the to and the to This seconds. release the the It to the through the the of the ignition, the about seconds, then release it and to the If the light seconds: Release the and to the the and least trying to light the If the the to the and least trying to light the The features (Thermocouple); the should extinguish reason, the the flow. and cookware which withstand of 250C. trays, dishes, should the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The effects of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning. Chart TEMP. FOOD (C) MEAT POULTRY with or without bone or or or or or or or hours YORKSHIRE PUDDING or or BAKED to VEGETABLES the PASTRY or or Choux or or or PUDDINGS Custard or hours or hours Meringues or hours CAKES or hours or hours or or hours YEAST MIXTURES or or and or Tea or or Shortbread or through the cooking SHELF COOKING POSITIONS TIME
the with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the To the Press the to and the to This seconds. release the the the through the ignition, the about seconds releasing If the light seconds: Release the and to the the and least trying to light the If the the to the and least trying to light the The (Thermocouple); the should extinguish reason, the the flow. and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top with the its 'high' The food should turned as required. chart the thickness of the meat and its Food each each each Chops: each each each each each each each as each each each Browning OI whole trout/herring
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Harsh should cleaning the and using cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. or to the only and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the Cavity The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, cleaner. and Shelf Supports To the shelves and the and with and with cloth. The easy cleaning. the fixing which the carrying this operation, the with the other hand. Then, the and off the Please, the when the shelf
the Light the If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: 15W, 230V to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. Something Not If the correctly, please the following Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the SYMPTOM The or the light Food cooking too or too The cooking The light Steam and the food and the cavity. If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service SOLUTION that the switched the that the supply interrupted the cooling to cool the that there with that the recommended and shelf that the properly. that the recommended and the light and the Light") to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and Slough
Instructions the Technical EOG APPLIANCE GAS SUPPLY G20 APPLIANCE CATEGORY II2H3+ height This with the and Regulations and the I.E.E. Regulations. the following of B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S. Editions and the ETCI Installations. This to combustion products It and connected with the to the Building Location of The located or bathroom, shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to these the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S Edition Section Permitted Locations of Appliance. This or If the to recommended that the the (LPG) light Cooling rating The containing the should with BS. Edition. or and as to and with of required. If the which directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the B.S. Editions should to the the of Ireland please to the I.S. Editions Table
Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. The surround or which the built with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C the of of to the to the overheating. of the and the the to the the the the the to the with four screws, which the the with without
The to connected to 230V electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the specifications below. type outlet insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H05 RR-F It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow-green earth The earth should than the and wires. and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these Earth (yellow-green) least
Connecting the to the supply The of hoses The located the of the right the To the Partially the the (about and the from The to of the following A) with (with to only) screw the feed to the the the and the B) with the the the and the using supplied). Tighten the of to the and to to the supply Completely the the and it as indicated the the of the the the and the while the the recess. The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where A) from B) from supply from supply supply
Conversion from to LPG IMPORTANT The from to LPG should and It to that this with converted with LPG the injectors fitted. The to of To the injector, follow this the plate of the (A) to the the fixing screws (C) which the Gently the off the (D) and it to the hand that the off the mouthpiece, and to to the (E) and the thermocouple (F) With and the (D), and with the Table this Reassemble the following the backwards. The GAS INJECTOR NOMINAL NOMINAL GAS REDUCED BY-PASS NOMINAL TYPE MARK GAS FLOW IN GAS NEEDLE GAS POWER POWER PRESSURE (G20) LPG (G30/G31)
of To the injector, follow this the fixing screws (A) which the the off its and to to the (B) and the thermocouple (D) With and the (C), and with the Table this Reassemble the following the backwards. The of Once both the the and the replaced, the which to the type and the located the The with the GAS INJECTOR NOMINAL NOMINAL GAS REDUCED BY-PASS NOMINAL TYPE MARK GAS FLOW IN GAS NEEDLE GAS POWER POWER PRESSURE (G20) LPG (G30/G31) C
of This and only. the from the supply. the the and the which right below the the from the then the fixing screws (A) and finally the off. the fixing screws (B) which the then off the With thin screwdriver, completely the screw (C). the following the backwards. the supply. the supply the back their Light the the chapter), the and the heat least. that the when turning the from to 11.Should the when the whole from to obtained the crown.
CUSTOMER CARE High Street SL1 1DZ The Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. MDM Forl