924-B-120405-07 Instructions EON
customer, Please these operating instructions to the section infor- mation the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify function. to the section What to
of the Appliance Features. the first the Initial the with the Switching the fry/cook the Switching the On and Functions. the and the Clock Functions Mechanical and Table Roasting Roasting Table Meat Preserving Drying with Cleaning and of the Appliance. Accessories. Shelf Lighting What to Technical Regulations, Directives. Service
The connected the of or to the ance: or switch off. It to the with or high reasons! Repairs to the only specialists Repairs or serious functioning. If please AEG Service Force or Child when the ance whilst This to roasting and food the when to nearby. allow leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily nited. this the carefully. or the when the To Appliance with and or the otherwise the the of heat. Juice from that from that cakes, the the when directly the The force, the of the front the the They when the switched food the The
The and recycled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this formation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of the Appliance
Switches Switches Shelf Functions Top heat and heating Light Clock function buttons lighting Meat lighting Rear heating Heat
Combination dishes, cake items roasting and cakes and roasting, or as grease. Meat exactly of meat cooked.
the first the The only operates when the clock The clock flashes when the first connected, or Press the buttons the within seconds, the or buttons. The ready to
Initial Cleaning the the first should thoroughly. cleaners! The To fronts cleaning Turn the function switch to lighting and the and them with and Then the with and and the front of the with cloth.
the to the operating instructions built-in It information operation, cleaning and Heat Heat from Intermediate lowest highest switching Switch the cooking off cooking finished to of the heat. This electricity. front right front right Switches
with the heating up/browning, high heat as to or the back to the heat further To back to the Switching the fry/cook The the fry/cook switched turning to the right, and turned the Turn the fry/cook to the right. turning to and the The then clearly Finally, back to the back to the OFF To the fry/cook wards, the switched back
the Switching the On and Functions Turn the functions switch to the function. Turn the selection switch to the The while the The light while the heating To switch off the the switch and the selection switch to the Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Light
Functions The the following lighting With this function the or, cleaning. The heating roasting and to three C than when The heating and the switched and or The heating and heat and the switched All-Round roasting of or The function and The heater and the foods that the of the such as or toasting The heating foods such as or toasting Top heat and the used. Top Heat foods topped with and foods cooked The top heating Heat that The heating or roasting The heating
the and the and The the and right These as positioning and located the when the the the the The protects the heating splashes of when the the the the the the of the from the top the of the the and upwards.
Clock Functions Time/Core Function Function Countdown Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the functioning of the To the to To when the to switch off The to switch the from tomatic to operation. Meat the meat which the should switched off. AUTO The "AUTO" lights when and flashes when the completed. The operation, or ready The appears when the Countdown tion Clock function selected, the within seconds, the or buttons. the -function used, the to from back to operation. buttons
Countdown Press the countdown the or buttons, the the countdown to the seconds the countdown function the the the countdown acoustic sound Press to switch off the
Press the the or buttons, the cooking hours). The switch back to the seconds The AUTO that the switched to the the of sound and the switch off. Switch off the acoustic and the the Turn the function and selection switches to OFF.
Press the the or buttons, the that the should switch off. The AUTO light and the shown the The switch the the AUTO and sound and the switch off. Switch off the the Turn the function and selection switches to OFF.
and functions and the to switch and off Select the functions and the function, the of that the to cook. the function, the which the to ready. hours. The AUTO light and the shown the hours. The switch the as calculated. hours. switch off the stated hours. Switch off the the Turn the function and selection switches to OFF.
the The only function or the the or buttons, the seconds the clock the The ready to used.
Meat that the switches off the which attained. The meat together with the per/lower and Please of The Roasting Chart The Meat Chart. the meat used. If the meat to placed, to nothing other than this the of the meat the meat such that the located the of the meat. Completely the meat the located the of the On the right, appear as the On the the displayed, the function and the using the or buttons,
as the the sound and the switch off. To switch off the the the within the below the the switches to the meat Warning: The meat There of when the and the of the meat the meat from the and the meat from the with the meat Switch off the and Switch off the required. the the or of
Mechanical the the activated. the the catch forwards the the Press the catch and depressed. the the the without the catch. Deactivating the Press the catch back the Switching off the the mechanical
and the function or the as other- the and the of and coated Light tins, and Shelf It to items and to three trays: and trays: and
Information count the from the upwards. with the to the front! cake the of the shelf. or with them the shelf. There increase foods the This to the the and the the Once the cooled the tortion Notes the the information cooking and shelf tion of dishes. The and cooking ance these the and cake used. the first the and only higher necessary, increased brown- or the cooking too If information of own information or than once the increased Items that might should only the height of the item to to of the of this please the the of cooking switch off the the of the cooking to of the heat. otherwise stated, the information the with
The stated only. Recommended cooking and type of or Shelf Shelf cake C C or cakes cake Apple thin Shortcrust the French cake (DIN) Yeast Plaited roll/ring, cake sugar-topped cake with Apple (DIN) (round
of or Shelf Shelf cake C C Meringues Items with Choux Shortcrust and and white Dishes Pre-heat the of Shelf or C Follow the instructions as the the instructions other products. the below with the tions as stated the Follow the instructions as stated the
The stated only of or C Shelf Shortcrust the cake Yeast dough Shortcrust and and and with top- and Pre-heat the foods of or cake C Shelf the instructions other products. Follow the instructions as stated the the below ance with the instructions as stated the Follow the instructions as stated the
Roasting roasting the function. roasting heat-resistant roasting to the instructions!). If the that they heat-resistant to tions!). You roasting directly the or the with the below of roasting of meat with marinated meat). this the meat its You of meat that to or without meat of poultry, If roasting the dirty! Notes the roasting Information the cooking and of meat. The infor- mation roasting and the from of To meat or burning or the to the roasting Turn the as of the cooking and with meat This roasting Switch the off the of the roasting to of the heat.
Roasting the or the shelf Roasting Food to roasted C Shelf roasting thickness thick- Meat thickness of thickness thickness thickness of Roasting items the or coated with Trout Trout coated with bread- Poultry Chicken thickness Pre-heat the
Meat or Shoulder of C Chop C Meat C C of C of C of C of C of C of C Whole C of C of C Food to Meat Core C C C
the function or wide-area with Warning: the when pre-heat the the functions the shelf and together Food Function Universal C wide-area marinated wide-area wide-area wide-area thighs wide-area thighs wide-area to items than items wide-area Coiled to items Coiled to items wide-area Whole wide-area Toast (without wide-area Shelf foods should mostly the from the Notes the The only and the type and of meat or of meat and Turn the food through Shelf
Function: C roasting Universal Turn Shelf
Preserving the heat function Preserving only that the with twist-off tops or with and Shelf the from the Preserving The and Preserves C Soft with Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans Notes the There to each with of The should to the and closed. the the that they with another. of the to the as to appear the first this about switch off the or reduce the to C cook- C with switched off
Drying with shelves with greaseproof or You switch the off through the and to cool, preferably overnight. Then the food. Beans Mushrooms Apricots Pears hours C
Cleaning and Warning: reasons cleaning the with or high-pres- of the Appliance the front of the with cloth cleaners or items. cleaners fronts. Warning: The switched off and cleaning. Clean the each This the to and them burnt Switch the lighting when cleaning. Every the it with and then items. with clean- follow the instructions when each and to them to clean. Clean the and or the dishwasher. the to which of dishwasher
Shelf The the and right of the cleaning the walls. the the front of the from the and then the back the The rounded of the forwards! To first the the back and then the front and
Lighting Warning: of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light bulb/cleaning the cover the cover turning and then If necessary: with V, C heat-resistant light- the cover. light/Cleaning cover the shelf the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, C heat- light the cover. the shelf
The heating to to the Folding the heating Warning: the heating when the switched off and there of burnt! the shelf the heating the front and and the the of the The heating force to the heating The heating might Cleaning the Repositioning the heating the heating back the the heating forwards the and the the The heating tioned correctly and securely both the the of the
The of cleaning. the the completely. Completely back the both hinges. the with both and about the of the from the the the outer to scratches. the From the of the which the positioned, of the of the with both the of the as as the the right and the of the the the and then the both back their the
The with three mounted the other. The cleaning. Warning: Carry the following when the its hinges, the to the when the and injury. force, the of the front the the top the and with the facing of the the and the the of the the the the and Removing the the of the and the of the free the the the and Clean the
the the from the section of the which the located the and the the as as the the from the section of the which the located the the the the front of the section the and the section The the
What to The cooking The cooking Switch the cooking switched The heat. The switched Switch the The light The the If the the meas- please or Customer Service. repairs to the should specialised repairs to the the of caused the cover the Customer Service technicians or with fronts: of the the front of the the (or or roasting the to The the the tripped. The the The the The the the tripped. If the tripped repeatedly, please
Technical Capacity ty) Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of and household EN EN EN EN relating to basic protection (EMC). This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive cluding Directive 92/31/EWG).
C Cleaning cleaning light shelf Clock the Countdown Clock Functions Combination of the Meat functions light Preserving Preserving Table Repairs Shelf and the What to
Service the What to section of that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC: the warranty the using the section What to the service to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to These phone as
924-B-120405-07 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the