user Built-In EOK86030
thinking of when this
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
instructions of the Appliance the first the and Cleaning and What to Instructions Guarantee/Customer Service Service The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of rective 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This nected installation the of or to the the or switch off. Should the and the the operated they repaired. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer or Childrens from the that the when heat food or bot- with the or top off. heat- or that the heat distributed. the food to the child, please to the operating the or with the microwave) the becomes Therefore from the of the The with child whilst This to roasting and food the when connecting to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch beneath the Warning: of burns! The or of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information According to the knowledge, of food, products starch, health to Therefore cooking the lowest and foods too instructions
instructions Microwave switch the when there food With food the cook- section and Tips: and To the or the of the from through please the thoroughly with cloth each the food heated or cooked of plastic, or other If appears, the ance closed. Switch off the ance and from the supply. the correctly. heating coffee or the to With the reached without the typical If the the or violently. of burns!
food with or such as tomatoes, with cooking that the food burst. that of 70C reached when cooking/heating food. this please to the and the mercury or thermometers to the of the food. heated with microwaves off heat to the cookware. or something overcook the using and that too high. The food burn or alight The of the the heat- and the when the operating. Please when them and or this reason. of burns! least from the of the and the caused and the If otherwise, caught the and the the the and the clean. of cleanliness the to the These when the switched instructions
instructions How to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to or of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the switching off the cooling the the or the and the coating Changes the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
the cooking their (with the first) and as these items to heating amounts of cooking and with high nition! of heating tightly closed bottles, screw top and cushions and other of fire! cookware of or earthenware that or bot- the cookware to crack when heated. instructions
of the of the Appliance If function selected and noth- the the switches off the light To switch the light off, switch the the and switch it off the Stop Light
Shelf of the Function buttons heating Microwave lighting Rear heating
of the cookware, roasts and foods. and microwave
the first and the The operates when the the to the supply or when there the flashes. To of that ready the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the about seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only the deactivated, of the clock functions Countdown or the first
the first Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and clean them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. to know the The operated testing or The heat Switching Switch off the the Stop Press and and buttons the acoustic sounds and lights the Switching off Switch off the using the Stop Press and and buttons the sounds and the
the The The field Memory: Functions Temperature/Time/Microwave Microwave function Thermometer the Clock functions of
the The Microwave instructions the selected function with the If the selected function within seconds, the switches off. the selected function the to heat or the to count If the the function closing the with the If the within seconds, the switch- off. Functions The light switched as as function or the The light off when the and the switched off. Stop with the ton, with the ton. Switch the off the Stop Clock Functions Memory function
Selecting function Press the Functions repeatedly the function appears. appears the Press the to the function that the Press the or to or the The C Thermometer The thermometer the heated The three of the thermom- flashing the other that Switching the off To switch the off, the Stop repeatedly only the and heat displayed. Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. using the
using the function select- using the function the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the cook completed and the operating using the tion. and the tion Convection with heating If necessary, the Press the button. The lights the another shows that operating. the reached, the of the heat acoustic sounds. The The heating to the function and You the food the
Functions The the following Heating function Application Convection with heating Convection and toasting Drying/Defrost defrosting and or Microwave microwave the heat created directly the food. heating ready and defrosting meat or and cooking and Function the of heating the function(s), the function Microwave switched The cooked the shortest and the Microwave of the when the switched off the button. from seconds to Each of the seconds to the operating displayed. roasting and to the roasting of meat or This function and top. using the Rear heating Rear heating
using the Microwave If necessary, switch off the the Stop repeatedly the Microwave the microwave The options from to Repeatedly the Microwave the the or the cook The flashes. The cooking as from to from to from to from to from The of operation that At to to seconds, to to
the pressed, the to count The lights While the counts the using the Microwave While the counts the Clock Functions and tons the cooking creased or reduced. the acoustic sounds The switches off. The flashes and the appears. To off the acoustic Press using the
using the Function You selection of the chapter and Tips: Function. If necessary, switch off the the Stop Press the Functions repeatedly the function appears. the or the repeatedly the Microwave the microwave the or the The flashes. The as from to from to from to from to from The of operation that
the pressed, the to count and microwave The lights While the counts the the Microwave While the counts the and buttons the increased or reduced. the acoustic sounds The ance switches off. The flashes and the clock appears. To off the acoustic Press the
the Microwave If necessary, switch off the using the Stop Press the repeatedly the of operation appears. The switches microwave of the seconds to the displayed. of with microwave While the counts using the Clock Functions and tons the cooking creased or reduced. repeatedly the Microwave the the Stop once, operation interrupted. operation the button. Pressing the switches the off. the acoustic sounds The ance switches off. The flashes and the clock appears. To turn off the acoustic Press
Information The which The Microwave Watt Heating the of cooking and Defrosting and heating Heating one-plate to cook Heating food Heating foods Defrosting Defrosting Defrosting and cakes yeast dough Warming and using the
using the the Shelf and the Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the the the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
Additional Microwave this function, the chapter and Tips: Selecting the If necessary, switch off the the button. Press the the (P to P12) appears the the the displayed. The flashes. the or the to the of the food, (P to P12 the the of the operates. input the the to the pressed, the to count The and light the acoustic sounds The microwave switches off. The flashes. the
using the With the function started. sounds and the HH lights the function the sounds The microwave switches off. The flashes and the the clock appears. To off the acoustic Press
Memory Function The Memory Function to which function, and, necessary, the clock functions and/or or microwave and Press and the Memory Function seconds, acoustic sounds. The the or switch the off using the Stop button. To another the ory Function seconds. The this Starting the Memory Function If necessary, switch off the the the Memory Function ton the Press the the
using the Clock Functions time/End Countdown To countdown. count- sounds. This function the ation of the microwave and Microwave cook the to To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Clock Functions Clock instructions clock function lected, the flashes about seconds. this the or the or ton. the the to flash seconds. this the lights The Countdown to count The and to count the selected function Clock Functions buttons
Countdown Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the Countdown flashes. the the countdown about seconds the shows the The Countdown lights the acoustic sounds lights and the Countdown flashes. To off the acoustic Press using the
the Microwave cook microwave function and the repeatedly the Microwave the or the cooking The flashes. the pressed, the to count The lights repeatedly the Clock Functions the While the counts using the and the cook increased or reduced. the acoustic sounds The switches off. and the flashes. To off the acoustic Press
function and the or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the cooking the pressed, the to count The lights repeatedly the Clock Functions the the acoustic sounds The switches off. and the flashes. To off the acoustic Press the
the function and the or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the switch-off The and light The switches off repeatedly the Clock Functions the the acoustic sounds The switches off. displayed and the and flash. To off the acoustic Press
and and the to switched and off matically Select function and the function, the cooking the the function, the which the to ready. The and light The switches the the cooking acoustic sounds and the switches off. the
the Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the Switching off the If necessary, switch off the the Stop heat displayed. Press the Clock Functions and the buttons the the as the switched the matically switches the switched off, the clock To the permanently played switch the Switching the If necessary, switch off the ance using the Stop Press the Clock Functions and the buttons the the appears
Child as the child tivated, to ate the Activating the child If necessary, switch off the ance the function lected. Press and the SAFE appears the The child Deactivating the child If necessary, switch off the Press and the SAFE the The child and the ready Switching off If necessary, switch off the Stop Press and and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched off. Switching Press and and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched the
using the If switched off or the the switches off tomatically. The flashes the The switches off of: 120C hours 200C hours 250C hours OFF appears the the Switch the off completely. It then switched
and Function: Convection with heating with heating light With Convection with heating to the trays: and and
and instructions With Convection with heating the to each other the shelf. This increase foods the This to the ference the and the the Once the cooled the appear to the The the and selection of typical and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and required, browning or the too higher If the the that If cakes or than and first. If this please the rates of as or to cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
of cake or cake shortcrust Apple off Cheesecake Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas with topping(dry) with yeast dough/sponge with shortcrust Yeast cakes with (with of (thin Convection with heating C and
and of Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat than of Short whirls with with white, Pre-heat Convection with heating from the bot- Convection with heating C C
The cake enough the The cake too too higher too high and too within the Table and Gratins Gratinated Pre-heat cake the too high slightly too higher Too the to too shorter distributed the the too slightly higher with heating C and and
and Ready Meals Table Food to function: cooked Chips Convection Turn chips or cooking Convection with heating Convection with heating Convection with heating C as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions as tions
Roasting function: Convection with heating roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The meat of meat, that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the follow- only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If the of the cooking roasts and with their This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. and
and Roasting Food to roasted Chops, of Meat of (pre-cooked) or of thick- of of of items cooked or chops, crumbed (steamed) Whole Poultry each) each) Convection with heating C of thick-
Food to roasted of of to of of Preheat Convection with heating C and
and function: with with the closed. both the and the together. The of meat or Food to of Toast Toast with the without
Convection function: Convection Gratinated with C shelf and Turn
and Defrosting function: Drying/Defrost (30C Unwrap the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting defrosting, the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrost- Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: Drying/Defrost covered with or You switch the off through the the and to cool preferably Then the food to hours Food to C Apricots Apple Pears and
and function: Convection with heating only of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the bot- tom the There enough this to Preserves The and only. Preserve inC Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, when switched off The should to the and the the such that they each other. of the that the as the the first to (with about switch off the or reduce the to 100C. to cook 100C
Microwave Information about operation switching off the the food Microwave the food. If cook food covered with the crowave. cook food to Chilled or foods cooking Dishes containing should from to that firm such as or liflower, should cooked Turn about through the cooking If dishes. Defrosting meat, the food with or frosting or that the defrosting off. Turn the food the If that to Defrosting of completely the to This or or defrosting completely. Defrosting completely and which to further while the pliance, and that to cooked, cooked directly higher without defrosted. Ready Ready or with covers only or heated the microwave these as the microwave. You follow the instructions the and and
and cookware and Microwave Cookware/Material and (with heatproof and and of proof/frostproof stoneware heat-resistant to 200C Cardboard, Roasting with Roasting of tins, or cookware, or Crunch plate Ready with or Without or Please the the Defrosting Heating
Other things to think about... and They Therefore the and defrosting, heating or cooking rough the amount the heating with the the heat the food this reason heated the The heated should therefore or turned, the of amounts of food. The the the food the ance or that the heat distributed You dishes. and
and Microwave Table Defrost Meat Meat Turn through cooking Turn through defrosted minced meat Goulash Poultry breast thighs Turn through products through top, through Cakes/Pastries/Bread Yeast Turn through (Watts) Microwave (Mins.) Turn through cooking cover with Turn through
cake Turn through Chocolate coating Heating food through bot- Ready covers, ready meals through the Water through Soup Microwave and Turn plate through Defrost covered, through through the bottle,
and Microwave Dish covered, cook- cooking fresh cooking cooking fresh cooking covered, through with cover the The and the type and of the Microwave cook covered, through
Combi-Function Convection with heating or Convection Microwave Microwave Gratin Poultry, whole Poultry Meat thighs with of with bone Roasting function Gratin shelf seasoned Turn Turn shelf Turn shelf shelf C Microw. First then and Turn then 180C, Turn covered,
and of with of Pre-heat to The cooking and only and the type and the of the food. the You the amount of food The food too cooking or The food or cooked the the cooking the food overheated the ready the Roasting function shelf Gratin Gratin C Microw. food. Increase or the of the cooking to the following the amount the the amount the cooking or higher microwave Please that Next and through. with once, cook covered once
with IEC (Microwave The and function of microwave tested using dishes. meat chick- Defrosting Defrosting (B.2.1) tion Turn Mins. Turn once the once through cook- Turn the defrosted and
and The which selected the other using the ton. section Additional Microwave tion P1 Meat P2 Defrost P3 P4 Poultry as tion HH
tion P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 P11 P12 With the Defrost and the food Fresh tion and as tion HH
and POTATO GRATIN people) or grated or clove of garlic, thick and then season with and of the greased, grated them. the of the this and the of the the top. Crush the of and beat with the the and the the and the of the gratin. P11 POTATO GRATIN CHICKEN and curry the and with the with the and the to the and Then the breast-side or with perforated through the roasting turn the the first acoustic the meat If necessary, lengthen the roasting the (about P12 CHICKEN
Cleaning and Warning: cleaning, the ance switched off and cooled Warning: reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning Attention: scouring cleaning or of the the front of the with cloth and and fronts, mercially cleaning Clean the each this to off and allowed to the the light switches ically. the with of and to with cleaners. please follow the instructions exactly. each and cleaning, to while. cleaning and
cleaning and The and right-hand from the that the of the cleaned. To of them and then and them of the mounts. the To them the mounts and them.
lighting Warning: of shock! the light Switch off. the of the or switch off. To the light and the cover, cloth the of the the light Cleaning the the the off the cover turning anti-clockwise and If necessary: with light V, 300C heat-resistant of the light with cloth, to burn- grease the cover. the cleaning and
what to What to The heating The The lighting operating the and the heat- operating If to the following the please or the Customer Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. The switched The clock the the clock The The The activated. The house the tripped The properly closed The and The touched The light light switched Switch off the Press and and tons the acoustic sounds and If the operated, the from the service or of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to Switch the Cut-out Deactivate If the please the Clean and Press the
Instructions The and connected Please comply with this. If covered the warranty. information the The of the tion that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the RCDs and The to the supply of that and the protection the The built-in the ity of DIN instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
instructions
The ronmentally and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the the community The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which oth- caused of this information about of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: that the of To this, the from the and the from the
service Guarantee/Customer DECLARATION OF GUARANTEE TERMS. with the of services this or the The service of the ance however, reduced as This of based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this affected this of This the warranty to the The ance within the of and with the following with to free of charge that within months from the the to the first These terms apply the of professional or Performing the that the to the the occurred. or repaired. of charge become as to the brought to immediately. the to the of purchase showing the purchase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which occurred of responsibility. the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or meas- people who or or that from the of or covered the Appliances that easy to or to the repairs or built-in If the built-in, or such that and them the where they than hour, the that therefrom Connected caused these and operations the responsibility of the If, the the repeatedly or the with the the with another of the this the right to to the of used. that the that month to the
the where imposed, this of the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the chase the These purchased and exported the user first that they the technical tions, type of the country cerned and that they withstand the and purchased the first that they the or covered the and services the expired. service
service services Products ELECTROLUX SERVICE ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS Bitbourg. L-1273 This each of the countries the back of this the specified the ance or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following ifications: The from the first purchased the which of chase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to Consumer services Consumer services
M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 service
service www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
and Gratins C Child Cleaning light Pre-cleaning Clock Clock Functions Clock Function of the Memory Function Microwave Microwave information Preserves Preserving Ready Meals Repairs Roasting and the
service Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the instructions (section What to If to the yourself, please the Cus- tomer or of service to to the following information: Product (PNC) (S rating of displayed the that the from hand, that write them PNC:
www.electrolux.com 03-A-171106-01