EON
(EMC HERSTELLER: ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ITALY FORL
Brat- Strom V)
hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling Rathaus,
Thermostat-Kontrollampe (Thermostat)
Thermostat-Knebels Thermostat-Kontrollampe
bleche Gratins, Tomaten Brot Thermostat
AUS Thermostat
hat Backblech Backblech
C-200 C) C-250C) C- C). Backblech Backofenemaille
ART DER SPEISE KUCHEN Backblech Backblech Backblech Backblech Backblech BROT UND PIZZA FLANS FLEISCH WILD FISCH C C NOTIZEN
ART DER SPEISE Toastbrote C
festhalten W; 300C; E14. Strom
Service-Centers PROBLEM LSUNG EIN Service-Center
Backofen-Thermostat C C (W) EHC
Instal-lation H07RN-F, H05RN-F, H05RR-F, H05VV-F, H05V2V2-F (T90), H05BB-F. C
230V L1 L2 L3 PE 230V L1 PE 400V 2N~ L1 L2 PE 400V 3N~ L1 L2 L3 PE
Backofenmasse
(A) (B)
hat hat Union D-90429 EUR
Privathaushalt
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
It that the instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the These the of You them or the or and of MUST with instructions the this This cooking only, and other back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. It to the or the Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the that the the off when and reasons, this should build-up of or fire. of the with clean-liners should cleaned with other than or to clean the cleaners or English to clean the they scratch the which shattering of the or cleaning the off the switch the cooker and allow to cool. that the shelves the This to cooking to function or three-phase with polyphase without V) induce the of the and of the cooking People This or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the Children should and should allowed to the or the when or the cooled cooking and the and the surrounding warmed to high and from
the while other to the that the of the and the Technical This should serviced authorized Network Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service to the instructions Instructions instructions operation and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive); Directive); Directives) and MANUFACTURER: ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ITALY FORL (Italy) The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the first of the and the Cleaning and What something Technical Instructions the Building-in Service and the first using the both and the including the and protective Once the the thermostat to switch the function to cooking allow the to this emitted. This and caused of this operation the and forced cooking function about Once this the cool then the cavity with cloth To the catch the its the first the
of the right hotplate/cooking Rear right hotplate/cooking function light Thermostat light Thermostat Rear hotplate/cooking hotplate/cooking plate
Function and Thermostat They to the type of heating the cooking the heating and to the OFF light cooking forced cooking light The light when the function and/or the cooking thermostat light This light off when the to the and the thermostat to
cooking Turn the function to the cooking function and the thermostat to the The allows the heat To increase the shelf To increase top browning, the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning, while or polished trays the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. to the of the and cleaning dishes, or directly the as becomes and occur.When this heat from both the top and This allows to cook and which such as and Gratins, and which top cook the The heat to the of the Turn the function and the thermostat the the and tion to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. forced cooking Turn the function to tion and the thermostat to the required. The food cooked of preheated force blown round the of the the rear of the Heat reaches of the and and this that cook of foods the shelves cooking of and the the and from from food to another. The of cooking shelf heights that cook the
and to three of and to eaten immediately or Naturally the cooking shelf. this should the lowest of that easily. the recommended cooking and or Hotplate The the hotplates found the The of the hotplates of OFF The increasing heating cooking If to the the to and then You hear click. the together. Then, the of the cooking turning the anticlockwise. with or these of food fire, when heated.
thermostat to overheating to incorrect of the or to the with thermostat which off the supply necessary. when the to Therefore, the thermostat because the correctly, the the to cool If, instead, the thermostat of should the Service The Cooling The with cooling to the front the and the cool.The switches when the activated. through the the The switches off when, the function to OFF
and using the cook with the closed. The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. heating (about then necessary to each of the Shelf The four shelf The shelf counted from the of the as shown the Shelf and with to allow operation when or the shelves. the right and hand completely as shown the
the or the the then them the the to the the shelf completely the This the and
hints (normally C and C). the heated about The should least of the cooking Normal should cooked or of cooking and then garnished as cooked completely. Clearly, the cooking the type of should to that dough and cake of the right consistency cooking The dough or should therefore to from the or If three shelves with and to the shelves cooking meat and Meat cooked the should least to from becoming too meat to cooked cooked the high-temperature cooking C-250 C). White and instead low-temperature cooking C-175 C). The the accompanying or should the the when cooking they should the hour. of whether meat or to it with the meat this that to turn. the of and the of which should cooking The meat cooked or directly the shelf this the to the Should cook food, the meat directly the and the the to the Once the meat cooked, to least that the To the formation of too the roasting, it to the and to steamto cooking the amount too the the which should turned to the Warning! to the of the and cover it with while as the and the food heat-resisting and the shelves. Warning! when and the from the to the of the cavity. to the type of food to cooked, its consistency, and that of first cooking with the operating the the of to the to charts.
include pre-heating pre-heating (about Traditional cooking and forced cooking TYPE OF DISH CAKES Whipped and Shortbread and cake cake cake Apple and cake and cake cake and cake Christmas cake cake cake cakes and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Pheasant Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and If to cook than the to them the Traditional C forced cooking C NOTES
include pre-heating pre-heating (about TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The as only. It necessary to increase or the to and C
Cleaning and cleaning switch the off and cool or to the carrying and cleaning operations, that from the supply. Cleaning the cooled the with and products, such as these the with and them with cloth or leather. the of or products readily the Another of cleaning the with the top cover to cloths or products. The of the this operation. Clean the thoroughly this to cooking easily, these from burning the the used.
The The consists of of The and the internal to cleaning the cleaning The abruptly to the internal of when the assembled. To as follows. the the and the the the the and COMPLETELY the from its seat
the protected cloth to the from release the locking to the internal of the and them from their and off the Clean the with and cloth. products such as scouring or they the heat-reflecting of the internal of cleaning, reassemble the the and then the following the the correctly. To this correctly, as follows: the internal with the reassembled that the facing outwards. The of the of roughness the when the
The internal of back the right as shown the of reassembled the the to they locked. the when as the shatter. If scratches or cracks noted the of the the authorised Assistance the or It to the and or with with cloth cleaning. or products as they the to the around the operation. the of this If to cleaned, or If that the service and the repaired.
Shelves and Shelf Supports To clean the shelves, and with and with cloth. The easy cleaning. Proceed as follows: the front screw while the with the other hand the and off the once the cleaning the following the Please, the when the the light the from the electricity supply. If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: W; to of 300C; type: E14. These from Service Force To the the disconnected from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise the and with the the cover. to the supply.
What something If the correctly, please the following contacting Service SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. SOLUTION Check the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Turn the thermostat or Turn the function function. Turn the function function or light to Service and following the instruction this to the of this to the chapter the than the cooking completed.
Technical of the Height of the cavity Height Capacity thermostat from 50C to 250C Heating heating heating Convection Cooling rating This connected to the below EHC supply heating with
Instructions the The instructions below specifically and should or to installation, and operations with and with legislation and regulations. strongly that operations the of carryed Qualified with existing and to the that: the protection and the to the of the rating earth with and force; the or the switch the easily reached the built This without supply therefore, to to supply with the shown the rating The to If to the to the and the switch, with of the and with force. The ground the switch, and should than the phase and wires. The supply such as to that
reach 50C higher than the supply the following types, the respective section of H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F. Connecting the board The incorporates easily board whose already operation tri-phase with the the board rearranged as shown the The ground connected to the to the board, with with the This connected to indicated the "Technical The the located the top of the The with connecting leads the plates/heat and ground these leads of the to the these to the The plug-to-socket such as to The these 230V L1 L2 L3 PE 230V L1 PE 400V 2N~ L1 L2 PE 400V 3N~ L1 L2 L3 PE
Building-in To of the built-in assembly, the and the the built-in the fitted-in, there and closed the to the of touching carrying) of the such protection, including covering instance, the the or the of counter) such as to of the without the of tool. This with its back and with to or of higher height. The other instead, to or the height. Building-in counter The the shown carrying the building-in of the to the chapter); then completely the the counter; the and the to the the to the the the recess. the and the to the the four the the and then the four screws
Service and If the the chapter "What something the correctly, Service specifying the type of malfunctioning, the the and the the This plate the front of the cavity. the and carrying this Service and authorized shops. This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
R.A