user EKC6046 EOU63102 EKC6047
thinking of when this
to the of chosen first from which with of pleasure the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
information Product the charts and What to and cleaning Technical Customer The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
information These the interests of that them or the of If about of the of these please The to the instructions supplied. The or The should serviced authorised Service and should used. The It that the the to both the and the This heavy and when to or this the both and the the used. It to the specifications or the information Child allow to with of the to or the This and other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the Children should to that they with the CAUTION: Young should This to operated of or This to cook and other when heating and as they they become too
information or other that or the the when as become to and the when the when the or partially to and food the the becomes should to touching the heating the that to of the cavity. of the with back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. clear when the the the the when the sealed or the They they heated. that the OFF when the or the towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with with Cleaning and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire the cookware containing or the switched allow the to cool switching off the to carrying cleaning/maintenance this with the instructions this or high cleaners to clean the
Product Top Top Top Top Top Function Function Selector
using the using the plate This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (where The protected rated or The rating of the the rating the rating plate from the as this the to the of the with cloth using the that the and to off from their become than Children should this emitted, therefore to The cooling the The cooling immediately when the switched and when the It the switched off the cooled. the the cooling and off, this allow the cooling to cool the switching off the to carrying cleaning or neon(s) The when the (where or switched The It and off to that the If the as the instructions the incorrectly to and following the instructions the and food heated to The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and caused the To and from
coverings the rear of the should securely to the trays, should directly the covering the the back of the than as they the of heat and performance. and The following items of and with the If of of the items below please service force using the straight and top straight shelves
The Countdown Decrease Selector Increase The of the manually. To the of The hour clock. the electricity supply first switched the and the flash. To the the increase and necessary, the the the hour clock reached. The seconds and then The increase and buttons first, and then They should To the countdown The 'Countdown' the of of This cooking to It of the To the Selector the 'Countdown' and the reads To the the increase the the to timed. If the to the This completed within seconds of first the Selector the operation of the 'Countdown', the shown the The 'Countdown' sound to the of the The sound
To the countdown If and to the 'Countdown', the Selector the 'Countdown' flashes then the shows the The 'Countdown' to seconds and then to the of To the the timed. the the first to while The to that operating correctly and to to cook the To the to switch and off the electricity switched and that the of displayed. food To the of cooking Press the Selector the illuminated. Press the increase the of cooking displayed. If the the achieved. The cooking hours. Release the buttons. The this completed within seconds of first the Selector To the Press the Selector the flashes. Press the increase the displayed. If the the achieved. Release the buttons. The of seconds. The and the to the The should off. the the and off showing that the operation
To the to switch off the electricity supply switched and that the of displayed. food the To the of cooking the Selector the Press the increase the of cooking displayed. Press the necessary. Release the buttons. The and the of displayed seconds. the The should To the the cooking the Selector once and the displayed. To To the Selector the flashes. Press the the reads Release the buttons. The and seconds to the of Turn off the To the to At the of cooking the and sound to To the sound, of the three buttons. The to the of Turn off the Things to the of of the electricity supply, the and which allows to switch the off. please to the chapter of this cooking It to food the as as food within its and that food fresh and of cooking food to the and cool the food to immediately. food the covered cooking to food immediately
The top top with and to the following of and Defrosting Top Function Top Top cooking Top cooking Top Top To the top The should with the straight the and the the back of the To shelf the the shelf reached. the front The top This of cooking the opportunity to cook without the operation. It dishes, which such as and Gratin's, and which top browning cook the cook The cooking of food. therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the to cooking the and allows to with the closed. With the of and the foods would normally cook This top function foods than It foods which to cakes covered with icings or frostings, cheesecakes, of the functions found the below. that the clear the shelf clear. To shelf, the and wire, the shelf these wires.
Top CAUTION: when the should The which that the of the used, or the section when cooking of food. top and the top to the function The as follows: Things to To light The It and off to that the The cooling the from splashes as the cleans cover the or with as this to fires. To the To the the the with the and the slightly upwards the the of the the the and release the the correctly located when the To the the the with the and the slightly upwards and the right to from the the Protect when the To correctly the the shelf, that the the of the the front of the shelf.
Top cooking The top the of the It heated the top and of the It cooking of food. It to cook and or The top as It to and food the the top top cooking and the top function to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the and directly the as becomes and cookware and with rough the as to the Top cooking The top the of the It heated the top and of the as as the It cooking of food. It to cook fruitcakes, and or The top as It to and food the lowest the top top cooking the and the top function to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the operation
Top the top offers of cooking food items normally associated with therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the top with the closed and with the the and the top to the function The as follows: Things to To light The It and off to that the The cooling the from splashes as the cleans cover the or with as this to fires. Top This function foods than It foods, which to cakes covered with icings or frostings, cheesecakes, top the Things to The and light
The with and to the following of heat finishing, Defrosting of the functions found the below Function the allows to with the closed the This of cooking the opportunity to cook without the operation. It which such as and Gratin's, and which top cook the cook cooking cooking The cooking of food. This foods such as where and required. The operates with the therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the to cooking the and allows to with the closed. With the of and the foods would normally cook This function preheating of the selecting cooking function. It cooking and foods without the preheating. This function foods than It foods which to cakes covered with icings or frostings,
operation To the shelves The shelves should with the straight the and the the back of the Straight To shelf the the reached. the front that the clear the clear. To shelf, the Each and wire, the these wires. CAUTION: when the Young children should The which that the of the used, or the section only when cooking of food. the and turn the function to the of the The as follows: and the to the To the the to Things to To light The It and off to that the maintained. The cooling the from splashes as the cleans cover the or with as this to fires. cooking You to preheat To this as below and the to off food the cooking and the function to the and the to the
Things to The light The It turn and off to that the The cooling the dishes, and directly the as becomes and cookware and cooking with rough the as to the cooking The cooking of food. The of Preheating The reaches its to preheat the Without preheating however, to the cooking high achieved the preheated first. when cooking or cooked ready preheat the first. cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. reduce about 20C 25C own Batch The cooks both when batch cooking and the function to the and the to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the
operation This foods such as where and required. and turn the function to the and the to the Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the The the offers of cooking food items normally associated with to cooking the and allows to with the closed. With the of and the foods would normally cook The of the to cook the and with or Dishes such as shepherd's and heated through and the top the function. therefore food to cook when with One of the that cooked the with the closed and with the and the function to the and the to the (A of 140C and 220C Things to To light The It and off to that the maintained. The cooling the The
preheating of the selecting cooking function. It cooking and foods without the preheating. foods should the or slightly than those stated the This the and the cooked. and turn the function to the and the to the If to preheat the only, when the off, the to the function. Things to The light The It and off to that the The cooling the dishes, and directly the as becomes and This function foods than It foods, which to cakes covered with icings or frostings, cheesecakes, and the function to the Things to The and light light It to the light light Turn the to the operation
charts chart FOOD GRILL TIME Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Toasted The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food. cooking therefore food to cook with One of the that cooked the
chart FOOD Rashers Chops Chops Whole Trout/Mackerel Each Shelf counted from the of the The as and should to the and the to thicknesses of food. charts Top GRILL TIME o C shelf
charts Top cooking chart The as only. It to increase or the to and OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Christmas Meringues Shortbread CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
Top cooking chart OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Choux Profiteroles Mince Meat Tarts, Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the that they evenly when than used. CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN charts APPROX COOK TIME
charts cooking chart The as only. It to increase or the to and OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Christmas Meringues Shortbread CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN APPROX COOK TIME
cooking chart OVEN FOOD COOKING COOKING POS TEMP C TEMP C Choux Profiteroles Mince Meat Tarts, Shepherds Follow instructions Yorkshire Yorkshire Shelf counted from the of the that they spaced when than used. CONVENTIONAL FAN OVEN charts APPROX COOK TIME
charts Roasting chart MEAT TEMPERATURE COOKING TIME 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C 160-180C and 160-180C and 160-180C and INTERNAL TEMPERATURES 50-60C; 60-70C; 70-80C The roasting and the chart should to allow and the and of the meat. and cooking recommended or the cooking to then
and and when using the foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting the the top with the the high Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the as The food should turned cooking as required. the section food centrally the directly beneath the and when the top the shelves the switching the ON. Shelf counted from the upwards. There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cooking cakes, the or centrally the shelf. that food centrally the and there around the tray/dish to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. of the cooking and cooking the the cooking chart. hints and
hints and the the shortest when food pre-heated and when using cooking the shelves the switching the Shelf counted from the upwards. cooking than the centrally shelves rather than shelf, this allow the heat to freely the cooking batch type of food, cakes, those of cooked the It recommended that when the should spaced to the cooked. increase cooking necessary. directly the as it with the and to the and when using cooking cooking If than of cooking the The allows the heat To increase the To increase top the There should least the top of the food and the This cooking and allows yeast Yorkshire cakes, the or the shelf. that food centrally the shelf and there around the or to allow the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and the of browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. directly the as
and when foods the as and lightly with or to them food should the the 'high' the to allow of around the food. such as and below the when or shelf. cook the they to the and the higher the selected. to and cooking necessary. The food should turned cooking as required. that ready or cooked shepherds throughout of 140C foods. to cooking to If than to the food the shelves and when cooking the that food centrally the the cook and should cooked directly the shelf. To the base, of the The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. and when the and cooked foods cooked using without the preheating. of cooked foods to and where required. hints and
hints and The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. centrally the to browning. the to the of the and cleaning and when the food where and through the defrosting process. The of defrosting influenced On defrosting than It to thaw meat and the However, this using the function. or thin or minced meat, thin hours. ready hours. the as as the thawing process. of meat to the function. of and thoroughly cook thoroughly immediately food once defrosted. food immediately or cooked food the once cooled.
What to Please the following Service It that the which without the of service PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The and that the If the Allow the to of hours. The should normally. The and top the The or of the and allow the to cool. of hours that the as The that the instructions the of the closely followed. The correctly. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service that the wired to the and switched the that the of the clock. that the the cooling when the If the cooling the correctly. service force that selected the function other the off what to
what to What to PROBLEM POSSIBLE SOLUTION The evenly. that the correctly and that the recommended and shelf used. The light to The light replacing. If the cooking the light when the cook The that the that the shelves and with the back The too high or too that the recommended and shelf used. to the or slightly to the
and cleaning cleaning allow the to cool switching off the electricity supply. Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should as they the finishes. Harsh and should Cleaning the of the cleaning cleaners, or painted or finishes as the and cloth and To with cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. the off immediately. and cleaning to of the from the as this and Removing and the shelves and from the the the from the cavity and the of the Unhook the the top and from the cavity. To the the the cavity, back and the the shelves.
and cleaning Cleaning the shelves, and the washed the dishwasher. The shelves and cleaned using first cleaning Cleaning the and The and back of the and coated with Stay-clean coating. They should cleaned manually. The and cleaned cleaners with that the instructions and that cleaners with the or painted finishes as this cleaners Stay-clean To the cleaning the shelves and the to which the cleaning It to the hour or to performance from the Stay-clean finish. and polishing of the Stay-clean This the Stay-clean or when roasting meat, brushing with the roasting increase splashing and of the cavity. It to to meat when roasting. The and the from the cooking as as causing cooking splashing the the covering the allow required.
Cleaning the should the assembly from the cleaning. To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches cleaning and Chemical or removers. removers. Cleaning the outer and The cleaning. Clean the and or used. the or painted finishes. that and thoroughly to the and cleaning To the the slightly to to the head screws the top of the the screws screwdriver. the securely with the screws and washers completely with the other hand. The screws and washers the the top of the the of the the the and with hand, and slightly the with the other to the from the location the of the Gently release the to Clean the outer and or used. the or painted finishes. try to the which the The there to the cool, that and thoroughly to the outer
and cleaning If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please service force who pleased to further. To the the with both the the of the the of the the with hand, right to the Bring the the the screw location the the the top of the the with and the crosshead screws with washers the location with the other hand. the screws turn to the the screws positively with screwdriver closing the to the without the light The type of 300C Screw. the from the electricity supply the the cool the the and the shelves and the cover and then off. If necessary, screwdriver to off the cover, to the cavity. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the and the shelves. the electricity supply.
Technical AC Width: Depth: and This with: Council Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC CE Directive 93/68/EEC Directive 2002/40/EC
This impaired with these instructions. This earthed. the screws from the earth from the connecting the that the of electricity the as that indicated the rating This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating plate found the back or top of (where the of this Things to This to of the recommended as shown. If there existing housing The around the within the with BS EN60-335. The board. the of the required, should to to with their
The switch should the within of the to to switch off the of To the wear when the its housing. the the House Earth and continuity the to the supply and Choice of The should operated using least and earth PVC insulated Please choose from the reading the the to switch with least and protected with or If to and to and should connected to It to Earth to house to the IEE of the the the the to fitted. The plinth board the which the to should If the then the should that the recommended of least The should ideally localised to that screw the securely The and to the or If necessary, to the which the The and to the or If necessary, to the below which the screw the of the the indicated.
the mounting using the indicated to the that the mounting They the the of the Once the through the the and the screw. to to the which the which should the ready to its NOTE: It that the the to both the and the the these operating instructions. Switch off the and To cover of From the of the input cover to to First screw with screwdriver. cover screwdriver then off with screwdriver
cover and screw from Connecting to the Warning: This earthed. of and earthed to as shown proceeding as follows:- wires to the to the insulation wires wirestrippers. the wires from the of the insulation. Where Earth wires they sheathed to to the wires the and they each turn. the securely of the insulation the and that the wires as to fouling. and switch Checking Correct confirmed when switching the and the House Earth and the to the supply and Connecting to or Either follow the instructions connecting to the or to the instructions. the through the and to the from the which become the IMPORTANT: that the switched off the further
the front of the to reduce the to The should to closed whilst To the the cabinetry follow the below: people to the Warning: to this the should of the the that the of the back straight the to the height straightening the the of the the mounting while the front. The the to fouling the lead. the and the housed, screw the screws with the the of the worksurface the indicated, to the It to each screw alternatively to the the heat with the of the worksurface, with the cork spacers and screw the screws with the to this to the the plinth board. Switch the and to the operating instructions.
please of the with and the authority this. At the of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the switching off the Switching off the Press and the switches off. Switching the Press to switch the The switched off of the or 'Countdown',
Customer that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk
please the the heading "Something the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
This each of the countries below the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com The the and to the and as country of M-300, www.electrolux.fr this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland Road, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S6, CH-5506 SK, Service, S-105
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk