Wall and Informations Cleaning You to Common Warranty Cover
instructions this these instructions reference. This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions This to that serious death or property This to that or property and the the and the allow to with the and other attached to the back of the Installation. properly and grounded technician with the National ANSI Z223.1/NFPA edition, and National ANSI/NFPA and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours to the supply. Instructions or the of the removing covers, or other of the the from to or or the of this serious and to the allow children to or around the or ApplianceFlammable should This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the items of to children the Children the to reach items seriously children aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH INTERIOR OVEN BURNER OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE WALL OVEN UNTIL THEY HAVE COOLED. The heating though the the become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the the these and and Wear or should while the clothing or other or heating the the
Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too or burns from the the heating or other cloth instead of Not Heat Unopened Food ContainersBuild-up of the to burst and IMPORTANT to the If off the If the turned off and the to Food catch fire or Once the the clock and function. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The the or Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat- items the These items or of Racks. location while cool. from the If while and the with both to the or of the or IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such Instructions the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover the or with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to the or off the to the and the Protective to the as recommended this of these of shock, or fire. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR OVEN Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the instructions cleaning. SELF-CLEANING OVEN MODELS Clean the self-cleaning the of the this the self-cleaning of the the and the the The should to or the cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the The health of to the off the self-clean of to another
Grounding Instructions only) IMPORTANT: READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS. This with grounding protection shock and should directly properly grounded DO NOT or the grounding from this this properly grounded. the 120V60 that correctly and properly grounded. If the the responsibility of the to with properly grounded three-prong DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES CUT OR REMOVE THE THIRD ROUND GROUNDING PRONG FROM THE POWER CORD PLUG. SEE THE INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS PACKAGED WITH THIS OVEN FOR COMPLETE INSTALLATION AND GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS. DO NOT OPERATE THE OVEN USING TWO-PRONG ADAPTER OR AN EXTENSION CORD. the the to heat. the enough, than the flows the and ignited. The bright when It and off with the thermostat and whenever the to light the The and the from flowing through the to the the of the to OFF. the back to Conversion only) This with or It shipped from the factory with to the Instructions from to or from to shock or to the the fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this warning serious injury, fire or death. Grounding type or the grounding supply with
The through the and or through the of the the released through the This operation the and DO NOT the Doing fire or to the ALWAYS ARRANGE OVEN RACKS WHEN THE OVEN IS COOL (PRIOR TO OPERATING THE OVEN). when the To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back racks. Other and offset The the offset slightly from the of the This of the to allow easy and of foods from the of the and from contacting the the offset the Circulation the If of If racks, cookware as shown. and allow around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. to the with
cooking heat the cookies, breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting meat or The cooking and to slightly from previously owned and the too top or the when cooking Informations and Chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded. heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too Corrections Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the medium-weight Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than 25F/12C than and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clear- ance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to only shortest recommended
of cooking of meat heat the of the Preheating Preheating when searing the preheating. To preheat, the to BROIL as instructed the the to become red-hot, about Preheating when To the food and cook the Season and to the turning or food. the food closely. the from the thickness and of meat, and preferred. The first usually than second. The and its allow grease to and from the high heat of the DO NOT the without its DO NOT cover the with The grease Should fire the and off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. Clean-Up Tips: To cleaning the of the with DO NOT cover the with To grease from the from the as as cooking completed. the off grease. the HOT, Clean the as as each If necessary, scouring scratch the with the the food to the
Painted and and Decorative Chrome, Decorative and DO Clean DO NOT Clean Cleaning (Cleaning Chart) to Clean and cloth. with cloth. or cleaners, cleaners or cleaner. They scratch and cleaning, and cloth. and built- grease, apply directly the to with cloth and DO NOT cleaners of these they scratch. cleaning the to OFF. Clean and dishcloth. with clean using dishcloth. to from the cloth the Clean with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaners with high of or cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary, with to with clean and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners. Non Self-Clean Clean following instructions. with and cleaning the racks, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the Self-Clean or the the clean cleaning. If follow instructions If the cleaned the self-clean their slightly and the the self-clean completed and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the to thoroughly clean the top, and front of the You the of the DO NOT the DO NOT or allow or the to the DO NOT cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the DO Clean DO NOT the The of Self-Cleaning which should to or this
Cleaning the Clean only) smooth and type of fused to cleaners REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND HEAVY SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANINGS WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MAJOR CLEANINGS LATER. to the following cleaning Allow the to cool cleaning. Wear when cleaning the manually. Cleaning allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. To Allow of to the overnight or hours with the closed. Clean with and cloth. If scouring or cleaner. If necessary, following instructions. DO NOT with other cleaners. Clean from the the the and the the front of the Clean with and cloth. to the following when cleaners: DO NOT the or switches and or fire. DO NOT allow from the to the the to heat improperly. (The located the of the the each cleaning, to the its the the and DO NOT the or or of the or painted The these To Clean the The self-clean cleaning "To and the this Clean cleanser, or following instructions. Ammonia operating the DO NOT the walls, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the Cleaning
Self-Cleaning Self-Cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduces them to with cloth. to the following cleaning Allow the to cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The of the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing the and and These items withstand high cleaning to they the Self-Clean their slightly and the If the and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of (this the the the cavity the Self-Cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the the the and the the front of the These heat sufficiently to Clean with and NOTE: to the Self-Clean the should What to While the operation, the heats to higher than those Sounds of and as the food appear through the If heavy wiped cleaning, they and and than This and and should If the self-cleaning To the Self-Clean to the Self-Clean and Cleaning of with and cleaning the appearance of Please to chart of the Cleaning section this Cleaning the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT the The health of to the off the self-clean of to another DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the DO NOT force the This the locking when the the Self-Cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. DO Clean DO NOT Clean cleaning information the the Cleaning Chart DO Clean
Cleaning Removing and the The heavy. temporary the with the of the facing To the to the the located both and the hinge You to apply the to the the the the and the of the and to the the of the while rotating the top of the the to completely the To clean follow the instructions the Cleaning To the the the the the
Removing and the To the the the back of the and and To the back of the the back of cavity. the front of the locking fits locking to To the racks, and the each of the and the To the the and the front the the of the the front of the and If fits too tightly, the through the cavity and each of the front To the racks, and and the To the the front of the and Self-Clean or Non Self-Clean The to cleaning the when the To the or and the of to the and the the and the only). To the or the of the the the the the then the then to allow the to clear the and only). should or the or or This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the and fire or property Cleaning the the of the to the or
OCCURRENCE and F11). Installation. Cleaning to Common POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION CANCEL to clear the and the from the If the the CANCEL and authorized servicer. installation. of appear to and to securely or connected. or authorized servicer. Service or authorized servicer. house lights to Short cord/plug.
Appliance light excessively Self-cleaning completely cleaning completed. or from to Common properly. instructions the to the House blown or tripped immediately following installation. House or securely. House blown or tripped the and previously operating. authorized servicer. Wall properly connected to supply. supply shut-off turning the the or Follow instructions Light to or the should closed Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Meat properly prepared. from to curling, the Grease the the with the and the to allow grease to the without or covered with DO NOT the without the or cover the with Grease and food cleaning when frequently. factors hints, and If food items too top or allow the to preheat to food the when 25F than recommended. If food increase the 25F. properly. Follow instructions Self-cleaning interrupted. Stop hours the Follow "To Stop or Self-Cleaning the Cleaning section. to front top of of or These the self-cleaning enough to burn Clean these the self-cleaning started. with and or to the the self-cleaning cleaning This high or amounts of grease of the self-clean
LIMITED WARRANTY Wall protected this warranty One from purchase FULL ONE-YEAR WARRANTY LIMITED WARRANTY (Applicable to the State of the U.S.A., warranted Products, Inc. warranted authorize to or to to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized servicer. NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS IF YOU NEED SERVICE This warranty the of the U.S.A., and Product or as or to without Products, Inc. or USA Products, Inc. P.O. GA WARRANTY PERIOD or of this which to or workmanship. of the of the and and the below apply. This warranty to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded of of of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products, Inc., or their authorized servicers; of other than obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained Products, Inc. or THROUGH OUR AUTHORIZED SERVICERS WE WILL: (English or L5R 4C2 THE CONSUMER WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR: Costs of service that NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER.* Costs of the technician's to the and and of the of service.