INSTRUCTION BOOKLET GB ELECTRIC OVEN FSF
Information This to the British This heavy. when both and the using the to the Child This to operated allow children to or with the The when Children should cooled. This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the You MUST these or the If Customer and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to this instruction reference and to owner.
the the Information of the the the and The Defrosting Cleaning the the Light Something Service and Customer Conditions to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions instructions and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: VoltageDirective); Directives); Directive) and Building
of the Grill/roasting Thermostat Thermostat Function light
Function light The light without cooking function. Can The cooking/Defrost Defrost This to thawing of food. that the thermostat the 'OFF' cooking This allows to or and shelf, without The light when the function Thermostat (C) Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and MAX. Thermostat The thermostat when the thermostat turned. The the reached. It then and off to the The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself. the both and the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This The the of the of with the chapter Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to This should repeated with the function FO MAX FO
The the of the operated without the of the supply switched or the of the To the of Press or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of Press repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then as The of function (cook or of cooking Duration function This function allows the to switch off the of food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the Press or the seconds: the Duration" and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the and the to the of selecting function Decrease Increase Duration of FO of
of function With this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the of cooking Press or the seconds: the of and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the of cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and of cooking combined The functions and of cooking to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the of cooking function the of cooking as the chapter) the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the function The sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, To the Press repeatedly to the function. The flashing. Then, or hours, the seconds: the At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Press repeatedly to the function. The flash and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press or three and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the The switched off other
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the The four shelf and with shelves. The shelf counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. when and the and the from the to the of the cavity. and and food heated it the as The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with the of the and This and with the To and from cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, glassware and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the shelves.
The The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating This that batches of the food cooked the the the top shelf slightly than the This There of dishes. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The continually The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the FO and Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the of or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack.
Chart This chart as only. It to increase or the to to the Food Shelf (C) and Christmas Meringues and Pastry: Choux Shortcrust Plate Meat Poultry Shelf that shelves spaced when than used.
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the and further Preheat the or the heat and the as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. How to the The heat to the of the the to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and Food such as and directly the Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as required. The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. chart the thickness of the meat and its of food Gammon (turning as thickness) Toast OI
Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of please that the of the influence the of defrosting. This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. How to Defrosting Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF Defrosting Food Notes (Mins) the inverted Defrost and turn or covered with as as Meat Defrost and or with Meat Trout Defrost Defrost Defrost Defrost easy to whip of slightly Defrost The the chart should as only, as the of defrosting the the the the the defrosting and food with or to defrosting. ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and turned through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this to the following defrosting
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as or used. DO NOT clean the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. or that the cleaned and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to necessary to thorough cleaning, cleaner. If the become the cooled the following to the to cleaning the the the lowest of to the and to about with from the the the function and the thermostat 50C. off the thermostat and allow the to without heat further when the of the cooled the of from the and cleaners to clean of the to the of the necessary. and Shelf Supports To the shelves and the shelf and with and with cloth. The easy cleaning Please, the when the FO
the Light the If the replacing, with the following specifications: 15W, to of 300C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the disconnected from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. FO
Something If the correctly, please the following Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not SOLUTION the and that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. with the thermostat Select function with the function function with the function the light and the Light") The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service
Customer concerning please Customer or telephone the below: Customer EHP High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Conditions EHP, that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the to If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the contry of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height of the cavity Height The to connected to 230-240V electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth only type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the British Heating rating Convection Light Convection It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth and connecting, the that it reach of than 50C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 60C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the FO FO The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the FO FO
FSF
MDM Forl