KB9800E built-in
Customer choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
instructions information Children's to to the of the Accessories the first and the Cleaning the first to know the the The The field The Selecting the function the Thermometer the function Switching the off Functions the shelf and Grease the Additional and Roasting Memory function Clock Countdown 13-D-30062007
and combined Other Switching off the Child The switch-off and instructions Table and Gratins Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting cooking Table Rotitherm Roasting function: Rotitherm Roasting Defrosting Defrosting Drying Preserves LEMON SPONGE CAKE QUARK MANDARIN SLICE WHITE BREAD ROLLS EACH PIZZA QUICHE LORRAINE POTATO GRATIN FISH FILLET SADDLE OF VEAL LASAGNE
ROAST PORK CHICKEN Cleaning and The of the with self-cleaning Grease the the lighting Removing the from its the back its What to instructions information the Guarantee/Customer Service GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND www.electrolux.com Service 13-D-30062007 to without
information instructions information instructions and This connected the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from repairs. If repairs become necessary, please Customer or Children's children while the This with child This should roasting and of food. to to this leads caught the Warning: of burns! The of the become If containing the slightly of and this when the of heat, or when People (including who of their physical, or or their inexperience or to the should this without or instruction from
Information According to the of food, products containing health to There- the lowest and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that builds the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to and of the Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This to the the switching off the cooling the or the and the Information the to the of the as of the operation. They therefore terms of warranty information
of the of the
displays buttons heating of the
using the first lighting Grease Rear heating cookware, cake roasts and food. and using the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the the flashes. To that already the clock functions repeatedly the the flashes.
the or the seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the The ready to The only the deactivated, of the clock Countdown or and of the Cleaning the first the the first should thoroughly. or cleaning or These the fronts, cleaning the The lighting the switched and and clean with of and the with of and and then the front of the with cloth. using the first
the to know the The operated to or operating The heat Switching Switch the off using the On/Off Press and the buttons and the sounds and lights the Switching off Switch the off the On/Off Press and the buttons and the sounds and the the The The field Memory:
Clock functions/Operating Thermometer The On/Off Clock functions heating function selection instructions switch first the On/Off the selected function the to heat or the to count the selected reached, sounds. the
the The light switched as as function or the The light off when the and the switched off. Switch the off the On/Off Selecting the function Switch the using the On/Off Press the or repeatedly the function pears. appears the If the within seconds, the to heat the Press the or to or the The C Thermometer The thermometer the heated The three of the thermometer flashing the other that
the function To the function, the or repeatedly the function displayed. Switching the off Switch the off the On/Off Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the and then switches off. function selected, the pre-heated relatively using the function CAUTION! Please the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. function. If necessary, the Press the The lights the the other shows that operating. the reached, the of the heat sounds. The The heating to the function and You the food the the
the Functions the and Shelf and To increase the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the the the of the selected function Application Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm Roasting roasting of meat or The function and the top of dishes. and toasting Defrost/Drying defrosting and or roasting and to the
the shelf that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from off. Grease Inserting/Removing the the grease when roasting to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and Additional functions and Roasting the this function. Selecting the
the Switch the the On/Off Press the ,then the or repeatedly, the appears the (P1 to P12). The the function appears the tion The cooking appears the clock the lights Press the clock functions then the or to the cook seconds, the switches the sounds The flashes. The switches off. The the The of the cooking Clock Functions cooking early Switch the off the On/Off Memory function The Memory function to which frequently. function, and, necessary, the clock and/or Press and the seconds sounds. The To another the Roasting seconds. The previously the
the Memory function Switch the the On/Off ton the to the Clock Clock Clock displays Time/End Clock functions Selector Countdown To countdown. counted sounds. the
the This function the operation of the To the to when the to switch off To or the section the first instructions clock function selected, the flashes about seconds. this the or the or the the to seconds. this the lights The Countdown to count The and to count the selected function Countdown Press the clock functions repeatedly the Countdown flashes.
the or the Countdown seconds the shows the The Countdown lights the sounds lights and the Countdown flashes. To turn off the Press Select function and the or the Press the clock repeatedly the flashes. the
the the or the cooking The switches The lights repeatedly the clock the shown. the sounds The switches off. and the flashes. To turn off the Press Select function and the or the Press the clock repeatedly the flashes.
the or the switch-off The and light The switches automatically. repeatedly the clock the found the sounds The switches off. displayed and the and flash. To off the Press and and the to switched and off the
the Select function and the function the cooking the hour. the function the which the to ready, The and light The switches the the cook sounds and the switches off, Other Switching off the You switching off the Switching off the If necessary, switch off the the On/Off heat displayed.
Press the clock functions and the the as the operated the switches the switched off, the To the permanently displayed switch the Switching the If necessary, switch off the the On/Off Press the clock functions buttons and the the appears Child as the child activated, to the Switching the child If necessary, switch off the the On/Off function selected. Press and the buttons and the SAFE appears the The child activated. Switching off the child If necessary, switch off the the On/Off Press and the buttons and the SAFE the The child deactivated and the ready the
and Switching off If necessary, switch off the the On/Off Press and the and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched off. Switching Press and the and the sounds seconds). The switched The switch-off If the switched off or the switches off automatically. The flashes the The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours OFF appears the Starting switch-off Switch the off completely. It then operated and function: Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated light
With Ventitherm Operated to the trays: and instructions With Ventitherm Operated with to each other the the This increase the If food, the the cooking process. This to the the food and the the cooled, the to the The the cooking and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of dough or the amount and the type of and
and the the first and then, necessary, or too higher If the of own, the that If cakes or than items and heights first. If this please the rates of as or to previous If this the cooking and to the the following With switch the off about the of to of the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. Table cake or cake shortcrust Apple (covered) Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads of Ventitherm Operated C
Plaited crown Christmas with cakes, with yeast dough/sponge with shortcrust Yeast cakes with (with of (thin Short whirls with with white, with yeast cakes Pre-heat of Ventitherm Operated C and
and of Ventitherm Operated Short whirls with with white, Pre-heat The cake enough the The cake (becomes Increase too reduced higher Too the to too too higher too too high and too than the too high slightly from the C and increase
distributed Grease the grease within the Grease the grease and Gratins Table Gratinated Gratinated Pre-heat Ready Meals Food to cooked Ventitherm Operated Chips Ventitherm Operated too slightly higher Ventitherm Operated function Rotitherm C as tions as tions as tions and the the C as tions as tions
and Food to cooked Ventitherm Operated Turn or cooking Roasting function Ventitherm Operated the grease when roasting. roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please follow the instructions.) roasting roasting or with The meat of meat that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the following only. meat and weighing or roasting the To meat or from burning to the the roasting cookware. Turn the meat as of the cooking the cooking to and the cooking This roasting Switch the off the of roasting to of the heat. Roasting function Food to roasted Ventitherm Operated as tions C C as tions
Chops, of Meat of (pre-cooked) or of thickness of thick- of of of items cooked or chops, crumbed (steamed) Whole Poultry Poultry of of to Food to roasted Ventitherm Operated C and
and of of Pre-heat cooking function: cooking With the function the becomes beautifully and of meat and roasts or The heats to the this reached, sounds. that, the switches to to the grease when roasting. using the function cook without cover Sear the meat high heat. meat roasting or directly the with neath to catch the the Select function necessary, the and cook Food to cooked of Food to roasted Ventitherm Operated C
Food to cooked cooking function: with with the closed. both the and the together. The of meat or Table Food to of Toast Toast with the without and
and Rotitherm Roasting function: Rotitherm Roasting Gratinated gratinated with Defrosting function: Defrost/Drying 30C) Unwrap the food and plate the shelf. cover with or as these substantially lengthen the frosting the the from the Defrosting Turn through. Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, C Defrosting Further frosting Turn
Cream, whipped when slightly Drying function: Defrost/Drying covered with or You switch the off through the the and to preferably overnight. Then the food to Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears function: Ventitherm Operated of the Defrosting Further frosting hours and
and with twist-off or type and the first from the the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the that the as the the first to with switch the off or reduce the to 100C. Preserves Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, Beans The and only. switching off Preserve C to cook C
The which selected the other the LEMON SPONGE CAKE QUARK MANDARIN SLICE WHITE BREAD ROLLS EACH PIZZA QUICHE LORRAINE POTATO GRATIN FISH FILLET SADDLE OF VEAL LASAGNE ROAST PORK CHICKEN LEMON SPONGE CAKE the cornflour Grated of icing and
and greasing coating rind, and and together. Then the and together the and cornflour with the to the creamed and the the greased and bread-crumbed smooth and the and icing Turn the of the the of the that the the cake with and the Then the cake while to the LEMON SPONGE CAKE QUARK MANDARIN SLICE the greasing the dough: and together and and to the and then to the the hour. Then with and greased the
sunflower of the the and together evenly. Then to the shortcrust base. the the when the cooled with the QUARK MANDARIN SLICE WHITE BREAD fresh yeast or yeast and the yeast and to the dough. More required, the of the the dough to Shape of the and them the greased or accessory). the to their them with and to least and
and WHITE BREAD ROLLS EACH type of fresh yeast or of yeast and the yeast the and to the dough. the to the and the greased or accessory). to the with or ROLLS EACH PIZZA or round the type yeast the dough: Crumble yeast and the the and with the to the the dough that to the produced. Then cover the dough and to
the chopped then quartered, or or the or used. Preparation: off the (Can the dough, greased with the the the the Distribute the or evenly. Finally the PIZZA QUICHE LORRAINE the type and the together and the and together to the to cool the hour. the or grated and
and onions, the Lightly the and onions. Whisk the and seasoning together then the Preparation: the and it greased the and onions the and the QUICHE LORRAINE POTATO GRATIN each of and of garlic, or grated thinly, and then season with and of the greased, grated them. the of the this and the of the the top. Crush the of and beat together with the and the the and the of the gratin. POTATO GRATIN
FISH FILLET or trout grated chopped to grease the the with and to while. Then off Then season the both with and Then greased the grated and the chopped and the FISH FILLET SADDLE OF VEAL of the of and it with the seasoning with the and the to the meat evenly. Then the of or with perforated accessory) and the SADDLE OF VEAL and
and LASAGNE Meat onion and celery of and of chopped and grated grated and the from the and and the onion and the celery, finely. Heat the the and the the while constantly. the while constantly to and with the meat Season the meat with the and and with the heat about the the To this the the and cook constantly. the constantly. Season the with and and without about Grease with of of sheets, meat and the The should of with the of the the top of the
LASAGNE ROAST PORK from the the meat and with the seasoning with the and the to the meat Then the with perforated accessory). turn the the first acoustic the meat If necessary, increase the roasting the acoustic ROAST PORK CHICKEN and the and with the with the and the to the and Then the breast-side or with perforated accessory). the the first acoustic the If necessary, to cook the roasting the acoustic and
Cleaning and CHICKEN Cleaning and WARNING! cleaning, the switched off and cooled WARNING! reasons, clean the with or high-pressure cleaning CAUTION! scouring cleaning or CAUTION! rough, polishing cleaners or to the that scratch the as this the to The of the the front of the with cloth and of and fronts, cleaning Please scouring or Clean the every This the to which then burn the the light switches automatically. the every with of and and then with cleaners. using please follow the instructions exactly.
Clean the every This the to which then burn the the light switches automatically. the every with of and then with cleaners. please follow the instructions exactly. with self-cleaning (rough, The self-cleaning from which food burnt off C. Please the following instructions to the of this cleaning CAUTION! cleaning or that scratch or the or other These the cleaning of the If them off with It the self-cleaning that the only CAUTION! cloths of The catches and the rough shelf, each and cleaning, to while. Cleaning and
Cleaning and Grease Clean the grease of and or the dishwasher. If become burnt and of dishwasher The and right-hand from the that the of the cleaned. the First the from the the front of the and then them the back
the The rounded of the to the front! To first the the the back and then the front and lighting WARNING! of shock! the light Switch off. the of the or switch off. To the light and the cover, cloth the of the the light bulb/Cleaning the cover the the Cleaning and
Cleaning and the cover with the of and If necessary: with V, 300C heat-resistant light the cover. the The of off its cleaning.
Removing the from its the as as the both of the the with both and about of the through the of the from the heavy.) the with the outer something and to scratches. the back its With the of the with the of the of the with both the of the the the of the the and the right, as as they the to the of and then completely. the both back their the Cleaning and
What to What to The heating The clock the the clock The The switch-off The child activated. Deactivate the The house the tripped The lighting operating the and the heat- operating If to the following the please Service Force WARNING! Repairs to the service to the from repairs. the of incorrect operation, from Customer Service or the chargeable, the warranty Information with fronts: to the cool front of ance, there of the the or shortly or roasting. The switched Switch The light light switched Switch off the Press and the and buttons the sounds and the switch-off If the please
instructions CAUTION! The and connected Please comply with this instruction. If covered the warranty. To Service Force or service information the The of the that the isolated from the with include (screw to of the and The to the of that and the protection the installation. The built-in the of DIN
The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The and with the international such >PE >PS< of the the this facility. WARNING! should of, that To this, the from the and the from the Guarantee/Customer Service GREAT BRITAIN IRELAND that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and ance with the instructions.
The serviced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "What to the Service Force to the following and Clear of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please purchase or service Guarantee/Customer Service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service The of Ireland please the below: (Irl) Road, of Ireland This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the
The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Great Bed- fordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-08200 www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG phen Gon- S4, RO CH-5506 SK, www.electrolux.fi Service, S:t S-105
Service the of technical please first whether the with the of the operating instructions (section "What to If to the yourself, please the Customer Service or of service to to quickly, the following information: Product (PNC) (S-No.) numbers, rating of displayed the that the reference from hand, that write them PNC: Service
Additional and Gratins and Roasting C Child Cleaning Grease Initial cleaning clock Clock Defrosting Drying grease the shelf: Lighting cooking Memory function Functions Ready Meals Repairs Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Selecting Switching off the
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk 13-D-30062007