COMPETENCE KB9820E Steam information
Customer, Please this information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial cleaning to know the the The the Shelf and the Inserting/Removing the Grease Steam Functions Additional and Roasting Memory function Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the Child The function and with Steam Steam Ventitherm Operated and Steam combined. Ventitherm Operated and Steam combined
Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Roasting Roasting Rotitherm Roasting Defrosting. Defrosting Drying Functions and Cleaning and of the with self-cleaning Grease Steam lighting What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Repairs to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Child when the This should roasting and of food. connecting to to this leads caught the Warning: of burns! The becomes Warning: the The age to and with the If containing the slightly of and this when the of heat, or when
Information about According to the research, of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking and foods too to to the the with and trays, the as the heat that the from the which to cakes, the when directly the when This to the and Rough around the of the front the to the These when the switched foods the This the coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Water Function
Shelf Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and and Steam heating lighting heating
the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the flashes automatically. To that already the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the about seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The the child of the clock Countdown or and function
Initial cleaning Clean the using the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. to the The operated testing or operating The heating Switching the Switch off the the On/Off Press and and Roasting and buttons the acoustic sound and lights the Switching off the Switch off the the On/Off Press and and Roasting and the acoustic sounds and the
the The and Roasting instructions switch the first the On/Off ton. the selected function the to heat or the to count the selected reached, sounds. The light switched as as function or the The light off when the and the switched off. Switch off using the On/Off Steam Functions Memory: Clock Functions ON/OFF function selection and Roasting Thermometer Selector Clock functions/Operating
Selecting the function Switch the with the On/Off Press the or the function appears. appears the If the within seconds, the to heat the Press the or to or the The of C. Thermometer The thermometer the as it heats. The three of the thermometer that the function To the function, the or repeatedly the function played.
Switching off the Switch off the the On/Off Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. function selected, with the of the function the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. the function Ventitherm Operated If necessary, the Press the The lights The flashing another that the reached, the of the heat light sounds. The The heating to the tion and You the food the
Functions The the following Heating function Steam or other side-dishes. roasting and re-heating or Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm defrosting and Defrost/Drying and cooking roasting and to the roasting of meat or This tion and top. food items and toasting Steam and Rear heating Rear heating heating
the Shelf and the Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the the the of the selected the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
the Grease the grease when roasting to the heating from splashes. the grease the grease the and the mounts the the of the the grease the grease the and Steam Functions The Steam with the clock or chapter Clock Functions as the sound heard when the the sound switched off. of the of the of the cooking and the heating of of than Steam when the Steam Water directly the the the The supply Switch the using the On/
the or the function Steam and using the or buttons, the 50C 96C). the Clock Functions ton, the function or and the or buttons, the cooking switch-off about the first when the cooking of around 96C reached. the of cooking the On/Off switch off the and the the cooled from the and, necessary, with the to the completely. The from to automatically. the (about directly the tor, the the Switch the the On/Off the or the function and the or buttons, the the Clock Functions ton, the function or and using the or buttons, the cooking switch-off Then as Steam
Additional and Roasting the this function. Selecting the Switch the the On/ Press the roasting then the or peatedly, the appears the (P to The the function appears the function The cooking appears the clock the lights Press the Clock Functions button, then the or to the about seconds, the switches the sounds The flashes. The switches off. The the The of the cooking Clock Functions the cooking early Switch the off the On/Off
Memory function The Memory function to which used. function, and the clock functions and/or Press and the seconds, acoustic sounds. The To another the ton seconds. The previously the Starting the Memory function Switch the using the On/Off the the
Clock Functions Countdown To countdown. sounds the This function the of the To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First instructions clock function selected, the flashes seconds. this the or using the or the the to seconds. this the lights The Countdown to count The and to count the selected function Clock functions Clock time/End Selector Clock
Countdown Press the Clock Functions button repeatedly the Countdown flashes. the Countdown the or about seconds the shows the The Countdown lights the sounds lights and the Countdown flashes. To off the Press button.
Select function and or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the cooking The switches The lights repeatedly the Clock Functions button, the the sounds The switches off. displayed and the flashes. To off the Press
Select and using or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the the switch-off The and light The switch repeatedly the Clock Functions the the sounds The switches off. displayed and the and flash. To off the Press
and combined and the to switched and off function and the function, the that the to cook, hour the function, the which the to ready, The and light The switches the the sounds and the switches off,
Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the Switching off the If switch off the the On/Off heat should displayed. Press the Clock Functions and the the the as the switched the tomatically. the switched off, the To the permanently switch the clock Switching the If switch off the the On/Off Press the Clock Functions and the the the Child as the child the switched Activating the child If necessary, switch the ance the On/Off function select- Press and the and the the SAFE appears the The child
Deactivating the child If necessary, switch the using the On/Off Press and the and the the SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready Switching off If necessary, switch off the ance the On/Off Press and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched off. Switching Press and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched The function The switches off switched off of or the The to flashes the and sounds. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours the OFF appears. the following the Switch the off completely. Switch and the operated as
and with the Steam or Warning: cooking with Steam the the process. as the cooking of heat and Food of The found the following counted from the to the top. instructions cooking than or when cooking of food, top necessary. With the Steam function, the grease otherwise, cooking If the thoroughly the hoses and chapter and Notes the Steam and The following the cooking and selection of typical dishes. and cooking only, as these the and of the food to cooked, the and the type of If the the food that otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
Steam The Steam of of food, fresh or It poaching, or blanching meat, corn, and the dishes, irrespective of or cooking information, Steam of food (with Cornmeal with whole whole whole Defrosting Defrosting and cooking Blanching Steam Water C
of food Blanching beans of Warming meat Trout, The only, they and Steam Water C
Ventitherm Operated and Steam Ventitherm Operated and Steam the other meat, and cooked the that they ready to the roasting the food to roasted the function titherm Operated and and the with the the Steam function and cook eveything together ready. the Steam function, the cooled to of around 80C. field.) To cool the quickly, the Ventitherm Operated and Steam combined of food sprouts, The only, they and The meat switching to Steam should 60-63C. Ventitherm Meat C Steam amount Meat and
The of the roasting of of meat and defrosting and re-heating food cooked previously. than of food Reheating and Meat uncooked, of gratin, of Ready-to-bake Ready-to-bake fro- amount C
of food Ready-to-bake Ready-to-bake whole The only, they and amount. function: Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated bright Ventitherm Operated to the cake trays: and amount C
instructions With Ventitherm Operated cakes the to each other the shelf. This increase the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the to the The the and selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and or the too higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold.
cake or cakes Apple Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas -first of -then with with yeast dough/sponge with Yeast with (with of (thin of Ventitherm Operated C
(CH) Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough cakes Pre-heat the of Ventitherm Operated C
than Short whirls with with white, with yeast dough 1)Pre-heat the of Ventitherm Shelf from C
The cake enough The cake too too higher. too high and too cook the cake too high slightly too higher Too the too shorter Grease the grease too slightly higher Grease the grease to and the the
and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Ready Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Shelf C C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions
Roasting function: Ventitherm Operated the grease when roasting! roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) meats, roasting these roasting or with The meat of that or crackling, roasted roasting or without the Roasting Table The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If required, turn the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Chop, Meat pre-cooked of meat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C Hours
or of thickness of of of items the or coated with (steamed) Whole Poultry each) Poultry each) of of of of Pre-heat the of meat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C of thickness
cooking function: cooking With the cooking function, meat beautifully and cooking of meat and cooking or The to the selected or this reached, sounds. Then the switches to to the the grease when roasting. With the function cooking cook uncovered without Sear the meat high heat. roasting or directly the with neath to catch the the Select function cooking the and cook Food to cooked of
function: with with the closed. the and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Rotitherm Roasting function: Rotitherm Roasting Gratinated with C Turn
Defrosting function: Defrost/Drying (30C the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially lengthen the defrosting the the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: Defrost/Drying with covered with greaseproof or You the off the the and preferably the to overnight. this the food to hours Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears
function: Ventitherm Operated only of the with twist-off or type and the first from the bot- the shelf There enough this to The should to the and the the shelf such that they touching each other. of the shelf, that there the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms peas, Beans when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Functions and The functions and which selected the other using the CLEANING (Cleaning VEGETABLE 500-1000G (plate of POTATO GRATIN WHITE BREAD ROLL PER (Party FILLET OF FISH (with TROUT PIZZA QUICHE LORRAINE P10 CHICKEN P11 RACK OF VEAL P12 WARMING CLEANING (Cleaning and directly the the the cleaning acoustic sounded the of cleaning Stop the and switch off the the On/Off ton. the with cloth. from the To completely the the around hour. Duration Amount of P1 CLEANING Steam
VEGETABLE 500-1000G of of cookware that heat-resistant to least 100C used. and and and and and and cook without It to without and other seasonings with this of Amount of P2 VEGETABLE 500-1000G and Steam
POTATO GRATIN people) Grease with grated thick and them Season with and garlic. and and the Finally the grated the top. Amount of P3 POTATO GRATIN 190C
WHITE BREAD type fresh yeast or yeast and the yeast the and to the dough. More required, the of the the dough to of the dough and them the greased or accessory). the to their them with and with least Amount of P4 WHITE BREAD 200C
ROLL PER (Party type fresh yeast or of yeast and the yeast the and to the dough. the dough to the dough and them the greased or accessory). to about the with or Amount of P5 ROLL PER 220C
FILLET OF FISH or trout grated chopped to grease the the with and to while. Then off using Season the both with and Then greased the grated and the chopped and the Amount of P6 FILLET OF FISH 200C TROUT trout, each the trout and with season and them with Serve with toasted Steamed trout the trout the with and them. Amount of P7 TROUT Steam
PIZZA round the dough: yeast the dough: the yeast the and to with the oth- the dough and to the chopped onions, chopped of garlic, finely chopped or the onions, garlic, seasoning and the and reduce the thick produced. to cool. the or anchovies, To the together the dough them rounds and them of thick. the of dough with leaving about free the the and the or top
with pre-heating 230C Amount of P8 PIZZA Ventitherm 230C QUICHE LORRAINE the and together and the and together to the to cool the hour. the or grated onions, Lightly the and onions. the and seasonings together then the To the together: the and greased the and onions and the them. Amount of P9 QUICHE LORRAINE Ventitherm 190C
CHICKEN groundnut the and with the with the and the to the and Then the breast-side or with perforated accessory). about the the first acoustic (about the cooking If required, to cook the of the roasting the acoustic (about Amount of P10 CHICKEN 220C
RACK OF VEAL Preparation: meat of the hour of groundnut the of and with the seasoning with the groundnut and the to the meat evenly. Sear the of the cooker high heat and the pre-warmed or Pre-heat 120C cooking 80C Core 65C Amount of P11 RACK OF VEAL 180C
WARMING (Meals of cookware that heat-resistant to least 110C used. the foods individually or together the or cookware. the without cover. plates Amount of P12 WARMING and 110C
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Cleaning The CLEANING function the chapter Functions and Cleaning Warning: the cooled cleaning. Clean the each this to and from becoming the the light switches matically. every the with of and and with clear and allow to If necessary, first or switch the function Steam with cleaner. If please follow the instructions exactly. to the instructions the
with self-cleaning (rough, The self-cleaning from which food burnt off 200C. Please the following instructions to the of this self-cleaning Attention: cleaning or that scratch or the or other These the self-cleaning of the If them off with It the self-cleaning that the only Attention: cloths. catches and the rough shelf each and to them to clean. Grease Clean the grease and or the dishwasher. If become burnt and of dishwasher
cleaning of the of the the and right from the the the screw. the the off the
the the the rear and the screw the screw and Steam the each with with and Chemical the follow the instructions exactly. Water and Steam and (about the the to the and with the through the clean, from the with the and the to the completely.
lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. the light Cleaning the the the Unscrew the screwdriver. off the and and them. If necessary: with V, 300C heat-resistant light and and screws. the
The of cleaning. Removing the the completely. 2.Completely back the both hinges. the with both and about the of the from the the heavy!) the with the outer to scratches. the From the of the which the positioned, of the of the with both the of the as as the the right and the of the the the and then the both back their the
What to The heat- The lighting operating lights the and the heat operating If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to The switched The clock the the clock The The child The house the tripped The light light The function switched Switch Check the Cut-out Deactivate child If the please Switch off Press and and buttons the acoustic sounds and
Instructions Attention: The and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and The to the of such that the and the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information AEG- products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 13-A-220306-02