MICROMAT KB9810E Built-In information
Dear Customer, Please this user information and it to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. the first and the Initial cleaning to know the the The Microwave. Function Microwave Information the the Shelf and the Additional functions Microwave Memory function Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the Child The function and Table and Gratins. Ready Meals Table Roasting Roasting
Rotitherm Defrosting. Defrosting Drying Microwave Information about operation cookware and Microwave Table Function Table the microwave with IEC Cleaning and of the lighting What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Should the and the the operated they repaired. to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Childrens from the that the when heat food or bottles with the or top off. heating, or that the heat distributed. the food to the child, please to the operating the or with the wave) the becomes Therefore from the of the whilst This to roasting and food the home. when connecting to allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the
Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the when the Information about According to the research, of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking and foods too Microwave switch the when there food Without food the overloaded. microwave-safe cookware chapter and and To the or the of the from through please the with cloth each the food heated or cooked of plastic, or other If appears, the closed. Switch off the and from the supply. the correctly. heating coffee or the to With the reached without the typical If the slightly the or violently. of burns!
food with or such as with cooking that the food that of C reached when heating food. this please to the and the mercury or thermometers to the of the food. heated with microwaves off heat to the cookware. or something the and that too high. The food burn or alight The of the the heating and the become when the operating. Please when them and or of burns! least from the of the and the and the If otherwise, anything caught the and the the the and the clean. of cleanliness the to ations. the These when the switched coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
the their (with the first) and as otherwise these heating amounts of cooking and with high combustion! of heating tightly closed tainers, bottles, screw top and cookware of or earthenware that or bottoms. the cookware to crack when heat-
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Function buttons
Shelf Shelf dishes, cake items roasting and and microwave heating Source of microwaves lighting Rear heating
the first and the The operates when the the connected to the supply or when there the flashes automatically. To that already the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the about seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The only the child of the clock functions Countdown or and function
Initial cleaning Clean the using the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. to know the The operated or operating The heating Switching the Switch off the the Stop Press and and Roasting and buttons the acoustic sound and lights the Switching off the Switch off the using the Press and and Roasting and buttons the acoustic sounds and the
the The and Roasting Functions and Roasting instructions the selected function with the If the selected function within seconds, the switches off. the selected function started, the to heat or the to count If the operation, the function closing the with the If the within seconds, the switches off. The light switched as as function or the The light off when the and the switched off. Stop with the with the Switch off the the Stop peatedly. Microwave function Functions Memory: Selector buttons Microwave Temperature/Time/Microwave Thermometer Clock Functions button/
Selecting function Press the or the function appears. appears the Press the to the function the Press the or to or the The of C. Thermometer The thermometer the heated The three of the thermometer that Switching the off To switch the off, the Stop repeatedly the and heat, displayed. Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically.
function selected, with the of the function the pre-heated relatively the food to cooked the completed and the operating the function. function Ventitherm Operated and If necessary, Press the The lights The flashing another that operating. the reached, the of the heat light sounds. The The heating to the tion and You the food the
Functions The the following Microwave microwave the heat created directly the food. heating ready and or and cooking and function the of heating the function(s), the function Microwave switched The cooked the and the Microwave of the microwave when the switched off using the of from seconds to Each of the seconds to the operating displayed. Heating function Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm roasting of meat or This tion and top. Defrost/Drying and and roasting and to the food items and toasting Rear heating Rear heating
Microwave If necessary, switch off the the Stop repeatedly the Microwave the The options offered from Watt to Repeatedly the Microwave the the or the cook The flashes. The as follows: From to from to from to from to from The of operation that At Watt to to to to
the pressed, the to count The While the counts the the Microwave While the counts the buttons and the cook increased or reduced. the sounds The microwave switches off. The flash- and appears. To off the Press Function You selection of the chapter and Tips: Function. If necessary, switch off the the Stop Press the or the function appears. the or the
repeatedly the Microwave the microwave the or the cook The flashes. The cooking as follows: From to from to from to from to from The of that the pressed, the to count and microwave The While the counts the using the Microwave While the counts the and buttons the cook increased or reduced. the sounds The switches off. The flash- and the clock appears. To off the Press
Microwave If necessary, switch off the using the Stop Press the repeated- the of tion appears. The switches microwave Each of the seconds to the played. of microwave While the counts the buttons and the increased or reduced. repeatedly the Microwave button, the microwave the Stop once, interrupted. the Pressing the Stop switches the off. the sounds The switches off. The flash- and the clock appears. To off the Press
Information the The shows which The Microwave Heating the of cooking and Defrosting Heating one-plate to cook Heating food Warming Defrosting Defrosting Defrosting and cakes yeast Warming and
the Shelf and the Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the interior. This the from the the the of the selected the shelf: the that the the the of the selected The high around the to cookware from
Additional Microwave this function, the chapter and Tips: Selecting the If required, switch off using the Stop Press and Roasting then or repeatedly the (P to P12) pears the the the displayed. The flashes. the or the of the to the of the food, (P to P12 the the of which the crowave operates input the the to
the pressed, the to count The and the sounds The switch- off. The flashes. With the function started. sounds and the HH the function the sounds The microwave switches off. The flashes and the the clock appears. To off the Press
Memory function The Memory function to which frequently. function, and the clock and/or or microwave and Press and the and Roasting seconds, acoustic sounds. The the or switch the off the To another the and Roasting seconds. The previously the Starting the Memory function If required, switch off the the Stop the and Roasting the Press the
Clock Functions Countdown To Countdown. counted sounds. This function the of the microwave and the Microwave cook To the microwave should To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Clock functions Clock time/End Selector Clock
instructions clock function selected, the flashes seconds. this the or the or the the to seconds. this the lights The Countdown to count The and to count the selected function
Countdown Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the Countdown flashes. the Countdown the or about seconds the shows the The Countdown the sounds and the Countdown flashes. To off the Press
Microwave cook microwave function and repeatedly the Microwave the the or the cooking The flashes. the pressed, the to count The repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. While the counts using the and the cook increased or duced. the sounds The microwave switches off. and the flashes. To off the Press
Select function and using or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the cooking the pressed, the to count The repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. the sounds The switches off. and the flashes. To off the Press
Select function and or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the switch-off The and The switches repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. the sounds The switches off. displayed and the and flash. To off the Press
and combined and the to switched and off Select function and the function, the that the to cook, hour the function, the which the to ready, The and The switches matically the the cooking sounds and the switches off,
Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the Switching off the If required, switch off the using the Stop heat should displayed. Press the Clock Functions and the the the as the switched the tomatically. the switched off, the To the switch the clock Switching the If required, switch off the using the Stop Press the Clock Functions and the the the Child as the child the switched Activating the child If necessary, switch the ance using the Stop function selected. Press and the and the the SAFE appears the The child
Deactivating the child If necessary, switch the the Stop button. Press and the and the the SAFE from the The deactivated and the ready Switching off If necessary, switch off the ance the Stop Press and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched off. Switching Press and the sounds seconds). The switched The function The switches off switched off of or the The to flashes the and sounds. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours the OFF appears. the following the Switch the off completely. Switch and the operated as
and function: Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated bright Ventitherm Operated to the trays: and instructions With Ventitherm Operated the to each other the shelf. This significantly increase foods the cook- This to the the and the the Once the cooled the
to the The the and shelf selection of typical dishes. and only, as these the consistency of or dough, the and the type of the when the first and or the too higher If the the that If or than and heights first. If this please the rates of as With switch the off about the of the to the heat. otherwise stated, the the that cooking with the cold. cake or cakes cake Apple of Ventitherm Operated C
Apple off Cakes/pastries/breads Plaited crown Christmas bread) -first of -then with cakes with yeast dough/sponge with Yeast with (with of (thin (CH) Short whirls with with white, with yeast of Ventitherm Operated C
Pre-heat the than Short whirls with with white, with yeast 1)Pre-heat the of of Ventitherm Operated C Ventitherm Shelf from C
The cake enough the The too too Increase too high and too cooked within the shelf too high slightly too Increase higher Too the dough/ too Dough/mixture tributed too slightly higher to and increase the dough/mixture the
Table and Gratins topped with Pre-heat the Ready Meals Food to Shelf function cooked Chips Turn or cooking Ventitherm Operated Rotitherm Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Ventitherm Operated Shelf C C as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions as structions
Roasting function: Ventitherm Operated roasting heat-resistant to roasting. (Please the instructions.) roasting these roasting or with The meat of that or crackling, roasted roasting or without using the Roasting Table The information the following only. cooking meat and or the To meat or from burning the If required, the of the cooking roasts and with their roasting. This roasting You switch the off about the of the roasting to the heat. Roasting Chop, Meat pre-cooked of meat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C
or of thickness of of of Roasting items the or coated with (steamed) Whole Poultry each) Poultry each) of of of of Pre-heat the of meat Ventitherm Operated Shelf C Hours of thickness
function: with with the closed. the shelf and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
Rotitherm function: Rotitherm Gratinated with C Turn
Defrosting function: Defrost/Drying (30C the food and plate the shelf. cover with plate or as these substantially the defrosting defrosting, the shelf the from the Defrosting Meat, Turn through Meat, Turn through Trout, whipped when Cream, slightly Defrosting Further defrosting the plate Turn through
Drying function: Defrost/Drying with covered with or You turn the off the the and preferably the to cool overnight. this the food to hours Food to C Beans Mushrooms Apricots Apple Pears
function: Ventitherm Operated only of the with twist-off or type and the first shelf from the bot- the There enough this to The should to the and the the such that they touching each other. of the shelf, that there the as the the first to switch off the or the to 100C
Preserves The and only. Soft Pears, Mushrooms Cucumbers peas, when switched off Preserve inC to cook 100C
Microwave Information about operation switching off the the food Microwave the food. If cook food covered with microwave cook food uncovered, to retained. Chilled or foods cooking Dishes containing should from to that firm such as or Turn about through the cooking to dishes. Defrosting poultry, the food with or defrosting or that the defrosting off. Turn the food of the defrosting If that to Defrosting of completely the to This or or defrosting completely. Defrosting completely and which to further while the and that to cooked, cooked directly using high without defrosted. Ready Meals Ready or with covers only defrosted or heated the microwave these pressively as defrosting the microwave. You follow the instructions the cover and
cookware and and (with heatproof Non-ovenproof and and of proof/frostproof stoneware Heat-resistant to 200C Cardboard, Roasting with microwave-safe Roasting of or coated Browning dishes, or Ready with or plating/decorations with or Please the the Not Cookware/Material Microwave Defrost Heating
To and They amounts. Therefore the necessary and frosting, heating and cooking rough the amount the heating with the microwave the heat the food this reason heated the The heated should therefore or turned, the of amounts of food. the the food the ance or that the heat distributed You cooking Microwave Table Defrosting Meat Meat Turn through cooking frosted minced Goulash Poultry Turn through cooking cover with breasts thighs Turn through cooking Turn through cooking Microwave Notes
products turn through cooking Yeast item item cake item Turn plate through cooking item Turn through items Chocolate coating Turn through cooking top, half- through cooking item Microwave Notes Turn through cooking Defrost covered, through through
Heating food bottle) Ready covers, turn through cooking ready Water through cooking Soup through cooking Microwave Notes the bottle, the
covered, turn cooking cooking fresh cooking cooking fresh cooking covered, through cooking covered. The only and the type and of the (Watts) Microwave Notes cook through cooking
Function Table Ventitherm Operated Microwave or Rotitherm Microwave Poultry, whole Poultry Meat thighs Roasting Gratin shelf Gratin shelf shelf shelf shelf C Microw. function First then Turn Turn Turn Turn then 180C, Turn uncovered,
of with of with bone of Pre-heat to The cooking and and the type and the of the food. Roasting shelf Gratin Gratin shelf C Microw. function with with cook covered
the microwave You the amount of food The food too cooking or The food defrosted, or cooked the the cooking the food overheated the ready the food. Increase or the of the cooking to the following the amount the the amount the cooking or higher microwave Please that Next and through.
with IEC (Microwave The and function of tested using dishes. meat chick- Defrosting (B.2.1) tion Dish Turn Turn once the once through cooking Turn the frosted
The which selected the other the and Roasting chapter Microwave P1 P2 Meat P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 tion Poultry Defrost as tion HH
P11 P12 With the Defrost and the food tion tion as tion HH
POTATO GRATIN or grated or clove, thick and then season with and of the of greased, grated them. the of the this and the of the the top. Crush the of and beat together with the and the the and the of the gratin. POTATO GRATIN
CHICKEN the and with the with the and the to the and Then the breast-side or with perforated accessory). through the roasting turn the the first the meat If to cook the of the roasting the (about P12 CHICKEN
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to off and allowed to the the light switches matically. every the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. please follow the structions exactly. each and to them to clean. cleaning of the of the the and right from the
the To of them and then and them of the mounts. the To them the mounts and them.
lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. light/ Cleaning cover the the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: light with V, 300C heat-resistant, light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the
What to The heating The microwave The lighting operating lights the and the heat operating If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty The switched The clock the the clock The The tivated. The house the tripped The properly closed The and The touched The light light switched Switch off Press and and the acoustic sounds and Switch the Cut-out Deactivate If the please the Clean and Press the
with fronts: of the cooler the front of the cooker, the (or or roasting the to
Instructions Attention: The only and connected Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and The to the supply of such that the and the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information AEG- products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 13-A-250106-01