MICROMAT KM9800E Built-In information
Dear Customer, Please this information and to to Please the information to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Information that affects Information that to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Features. using the first and the Initial cleaning to the the The Microwave. Function Microwave Information the the Shelf Additional functions Microwave Memory function Clock Functions Other Functions Switching off the Child The function
and Microwave Information about cookware and Microwave Combi-Function Table the microwave with IEC Cleaning and of the lighting What to Instructions information the Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive This connected only. the of or to the the or switch off. Should the and the the operated they repaired. Repairs to the service from If repairs become necessary, please Service Force Childrens from the that the when heat food or bottles with the or top off. heating, or that the heat distributed. the food to the child, please to the operating the or with the wave) the becomes Therefore from the of the whilst This to roasting and food the when to nearby. allow connecting leads to with or to catch neath the
Warning: of burns! The of the becomes containing the that easily ignited. this the or the vicinity when the Information about According to the research, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking and foods too Microwave switch the when there food Without food the overloaded. microwave-safe cookware chapter and and To the or the of the from through please the with cloth each the food heated or cooked of plastic, or other If appears, the closed. Switch off the and from the supply. the correctly. heating coffee or the to With the reached without the typical If the slightly the or violently. of burns!
food with or such as with cooking that the food that of C reached when heating food. this please to the and the mercury or thermometers to the of the food. heated with microwaves off heat to the cookware. or something overcook the using and that too high. The food burn or alight The of the the heating and the become when the operating. Please when them and or of burns! least from the of the and the and the If otherwise, anything caught the and the the the and the clean. of cleanliness the to ations. the These when the switched coating the of the coating as of the and They therefore the of the warranty
the cooking their (with the first) and as otherwise these heating amounts of cooking and with high combustion! of heating tightly closed tainers, tins, bottles, screw top and cookware of or earthenware that or bottoms. the cookware to crack when heat-
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Warning: of please them that they of To this, the from the supply and the from the
of the Appliance Function
Shelf Shelf dishes, items roasting and Crunch scratchproof and knifeproof) heating Source of microwaves lighting
using the first and the The operates when the the to the supply or when there the flashes automatically. To that already the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the about seconds, the flashing and the clock displays the of The ready to The the of the clock functions Countdown or and function
Initial cleaning Clean the the first or cleaning These the the cleaning the The light and clean them with and scouring the the and the front of the with cloth. to know the The operated testing or operating The heating Switching the Switch off the using the Stop Press and and Roasting and buttons the acoustic sound and lights the Switching off the Switch off the the Stop Press and and Roasting and buttons the acoustic sounds and the
the The and Roasting function and Roasting instructions the selected function with the If the selected function within seconds, the switches off. the selected function started, the to heat or the to count If the operation, the function closing the with the If the within seconds, the switches off. The light switched as as function or the The light off when the and the switched off. Stop operation with the Stop with the Switch off the the Stop peatedly. Microwave function Functions Memory: Clock Functions Microwave Temperature/Time/Microwave Thermometer functions Stop Selector buttons
Switching the Press The function appears. appears the Press button to the function the Press the or to or the The of 5C. Thermometer The thermometer the already heated the selected reached, sounds.
Switching the off To switch off the the Stop repeatedly the and the heat, displayed. Cooling The switches to the cool. the switched off, the to to cool the then switches off automatically. Functions The the following foods the of the such as or or toasting Microwave the heat created directly the food. heating ready and defrosting or and cooking and function the of heating the function(s), the function Microwave switched The cooked the and the Microwave of the microwave when the switched off using the of from seconds to Each of the seconds to the operating displayed.
Microwave If necessary, switch off the the Stop repeatedly the Microwave the The options offered from to Repeatedly pressing the Microwave the the or the cook The flashes. The cooking as follows: From to from to from to from to from The of that At to to to to
the pressed, the to count The While the counts the using the Microwave While the counts the buttons and the cook increased or reduced. the sounds The microwave switches off. The flash- and appears. To off the Press
Function If required, switch off the the Stop Press The function pears. the or the repeatedly the Microwave the the or the cook The flashes. The cooking as follows: From to from to from to from to from The operating that the the to count and microwave The lights While the counts the using the Microwave While the counts the cook increased using the or using the
the sounds The switches off. The flash- and the appears. To off the Press Microwave If necessary, switch off the the Stop Press the repeated- the of tion appears. The switches microwave Each of the seconds to the played. of microwave While the counts the buttons and the increased or reduced. repeatedly the Microwave the microwave pressing the Stop once, operation interrupted. operation using the Pressing the Stop switches the off. the sounds The switches off. The flash- and the clock appears. To off the Press
Information the The shows which The Microwave Heating Searing the of cooking and Defrosting Heating one-plate to cook Heating food Warming Defrosting meat, Defrosting Defrosting and cakes yeast dough Warming and
the Shelf Shelf and the the right and that this the back of the This the from the shelf: the that the the shelf the of the selected The high around the shelf to cookware from Additional functions Microwave this function, the the chapter and Tips. If necessary, switch off the the Stop repeatedly the and Roasting ton, the (P to P10). the the weight displayed. The flashes.
the or the weight matched to the of the food, from of to of (P to P10 the the crowave operating matically First of input the the to the the to count The and light the sounds The microwave switch- off. The flashes. With function the sounds and HH lights the the of the function, sounds The microwave switches off. The flashes and the the appears. To off the Press
Memory function The Memory function to which frequently. function, and the clock and/or or microwave and Press and the and Roasting seconds, acoustic sounds. The the or switch the off the button. To another the and Roasting seconds. The the Starting the Memory function If switch off the the Stop the and Roasting the Press the
Clock Functions Countdown To Countdown. counted sounds. This function the operation of the microwave and the Microwave cook To the microwave to To the to To when the to switch off To or the section the First Clock Clock time/End Selector Clock functions
instructions clock function selected, the flashes seconds. this the or the or the the to seconds. this the lights The Countdown to count The and to count the selected function
Countdown Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the Countdown flashes. the Countdown the or about seconds the shows the The Countdown the sounds and the Countdown flashes. To off the Press
Microwave cook microwave function and repeatedly the Microwave the the or the cooking The flashes. the pressed, the to count The repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. While the counts the and buttons the cook increased or duced. the sounds The microwave switches off. and the flashes. To off the Press button.
Select function and or Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the cooking the pressed, the to count The repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. the sounds The switches off. displayed and the flashes. To off the Press
Select function and or button, Press the Clock Functions repeatedly the flashes. the or the switch-off The and The switches repeatedly the Clock Functions the displayed. the sounds The switches off. displayed and the and flash. To off the Press
and combined and the to switched and off Select function and the function, the that the to cook, hour the function, the which the to ready, The and The switches matically the the cooking sounds and the switches off,
Other Functions Switching off the You switching off the Switching off the If required, switch off the using the Stop heat should displayed. Press the Clock Functions and the the the as the switched the tomatically. the switched off, the To the permanently switch the clock Switching the If required, switch off the the Press the Clock Functions and the the the Child as the child the switched Activating the If necessary, switch the ance the Stop function selected. Press and the and the the SAFE appears the The child
Deactivating the If necessary, switch the the Stop Press and the and the the SAFE from the The child deactivated and the ready Switching off If necessary, switch off the ance using the Stop Press and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched off. Switching Press and buttons the sounds seconds). The switched The function The switches off switched off of or the The to flashes the and sounds. The switches off of: C hours C hours C hours the OFF appears. the following the Switch the off completely. Switch and the operated as
and Microwave Information about switching off the the food Microwave the food. If cook food covered with cook food uncovered, to retained. Chilled or foods cooking Dishes containing should from to that firm such as or Turn about through the cooking to dishes. Defrosting meat, poultry, the food with or defrosting or that the defrosting off. Turn the food of the defrosting If that to Defrosting of completely the to This or or defrosting completely. Defrosting completely and which to further while the and that to cooked, cooked directly high microwave without defrosted.
Ready Meals Ready or with covers defrosted or heated the these pressively as defrosting the microwave. You follow the instructions the and cookware and and (with heatproof and and of proof/frostproof shelf stoneware Heat-resistant to 200C Cardboard, Roasting with microwave-safe Roasting of tins, or coated dishes, or Crunch Ready with or plating/decorations with or Please the the Not Cookware/Material Microwave Defrost Heating
To and They amounts. Therefore the and frosting, heating and cooking rough the amount the heating with the microwave the heat the food this reason heated the The heated should therefore or turned, the of amounts of food. the the food the ance or that the heat distributed evenly. You cooking Microwave Table Defrosting Meat Meat Turn through cooking frosted minced meat Goulash Poultry Turn through cooking cover with breasts thighs Turn through cooking Turn through cooking Microwave Notes
products through cooking Yeast dough item item cake item Turn through cooking item Turn through cooking Bread items Chocolate coating Turn through cooking top, half- through cooking item Microwave Notes Turn plate through cooking Defrost covered, through through
Heating food bottle) Ready covers, turn through cooking ready Water through cooking Soup through cooking Microwave Notes the bottle, the
covered, cooking cooking fresh cooking cooking fresh cooking covered, through cooking covered. The and the type and of the Microwave Notes cook through cooking
Microwave of Apple (CH) Roasting Crunch heat with W, C Microwave function Turn Turn through Turn through
toasted with and The cooking and and the type and the of the food. Roasting Crunch plate heat C Microwave function Turn through Turn through, Turn through, Turn through
the microwave You the amount of food The food too shorter cooking or microwave The food defrosted, or cooked the the cooking the food overheated the ready the with IEC (Microwave The and function of tested with dishes. meat Defrosting meat Defrosting (B.2.1) food. Increase or shorten the of the cooking to the following the amount the the amount the cooking or higher microwave Please that Next and soup, through. Turn once through cooking once through cooking Turn through cooking that
function: with with the closed. the and together. The only. of meat or of Toast Toast with the without the Food to
The which selected the other the and Roasting chapter Microwave tion P1 P2 Meat P3 P4 Poultry Defrost as tion HH
tion P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P10 With the functions Defrost and the food Fresh Fresh as tion HH
Cleaning and Warning cleaning, the switched off and cooled Warning reasons, the with or high-pressure cleaning cleaners, or items. of the the front of the with cloth and of and With fronts the cleaners that Clean the each this to off and allowed to the the light switches matically. the with of and allow to Clean with cleaner. please follow the structions exactly. (shelf each and to them to clean.
cleaning of the of the the and right from the the To of them and then and them of the mounts. the To them the mounts and them.
lighting Warning: There of shock! to the light Switch off the from the electricity supply. cloth the to the light and cover. light/ Cleaning the shelf the cover turning anti-clockwise and then If necessary: light with V, 300C heat-resistant, light cloth to of light to burning the cover. the
What to The heating The microwave The lighting operating lights the and the heat operating If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated incorrectly, the from the service or of charge, the warranty with fronts: of the cooler the front of the the (or or roasting the to The switched The clock the the clock The The child tivated. The house the tripped The properly closed The and The touched The light light switched Switch off Press and and the acoustic sounds and Switch the Cut-out Deactivate child If the please the Clean and Press the
Instructions Attention: The and Please comply with this. If the warranty. information the The to that the isolated from the with ration. include (screw to of the RCDs and The to the supply of such that the and the The built-in the of DIN and built-in cooking with reasons, they combined with from the
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information AEG- products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and mowers) each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 13-A-210406-02