Instruction MSF
Information You MUST these or the If Customer This to the British This heavy. when both and the the Once from the that and the proceeding with the installation. to the Child This to operated allow to or with the allow to or the This or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the The when Children should cooled. This only. It or The when and heat should to touching heating the back from the when the or immediately to allow of to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or or to the cleaners or to the they scratch the which shattering of the
the Information of the the the and the Cleaning the Something Working Service and Conditions to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions instructions operation and information this instruction reference and to owner. the Technical Building Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches, to children The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of the the First both and the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This The the of the of with the chapter Switch the function to cooking function the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the cooking and cooking approximately cooking the first the Function Thermostat Thermostat Light Light Plate
Function The off. light The light without cooking function. cooking The heat from both the top and heating the Top heating The heat from the top (outer section). heating The heat from the of the only. The The Recommended Thermal This function offers of cooking food items, normally associated with The and the alternatively, around the food. the thermal cooking function, of 200C. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without transference. This to thawing of food. the thermostat the OFF
Thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to 50C and 230C (MAX). Thermostat Light The thermostat light when the thermostat turned. The light the reached. It then and off to the The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the supply to the If this Service Force should to the yourself. The Cooling The cooling to cool the of the and the of the The switches of blown through the the the switched off, the to cool the and properly, which switches off automatically.
The the of the operated without the of the supply switched or the of flash the To the of or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of repeatedly to the of function. The flashing. Then as The of function (cook or of cooking function This function allows the to switch off the of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking the of the of or operation) the restored, the the flash, and the clock/timer to
Press repeatedly to the function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the or the seconds: the and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: when this operation, the operated therefore, to the function and the thermostat to the of the cooking To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the and the to the of function Thanks to this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking function and the cooking Press repeatedly to the function. The Then, as follows: To the or the seconds: the and the to the of
cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: when this operation, the operated therefore, to the function and the thermostat to when cooking To the Press repeatedly to the function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and The and to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the function the of cooking as the chapter) the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the
Countdown function The countdown sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, To the Countdown: Press repeatedly to the Countdown function. The flashing. Then, or hours, the seconds: the Countdown At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Countdown: Press repeatedly to the Countdown function. The and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press buttons and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the The switched off other functions
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the using the The four and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown the Attention! cookware/objects the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which would the and the heat-resisting and the which the and The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. food heated, the as of the and To reduce the heated food the cavity. pre-heating (about then to each of the cookware which withstand of 230C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, glassware and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
and the cooking Heat from the top and from the therefore it to the If cooking heat from the top or from the the top or the cooking The food cooked of preheated force blown round the of the the of the Heat reaches of the and and this that cook of foods the shelves. cooking of and the the and from from food to another. The of cooking heights that cook the and to three of and to eaten immediately or Naturally the shelf. this should the lowest of that easily. the recommended cooking and or If to cook than the that the cooking of the to of dishes. NOTE: Shelf counted from of the meat or them and them the The the thinckness of the food. the the lowest with to and Thermal using this cooking function, of 200C. The and the alternately, around the food. The to and food reduced. With the of and thermal the foods would normally cook Defrosting The operates without heat and the the the thermostat the OFF hints (normally 150C and 200C). the heated about The should least of the cooking Normal dough should cooked or of cooking and then garnished as cooked completely.
Clearly, the cooking the type of should to that dough and cake of the right consistency lengthens cooking The dough or should therefore to from the or If three shelves with and to shelf the shelves. cooking meat and Meat cooked the should least to from becoming too meat to cooked cooked the high-temperature cooking (200C-230C). White meat, and instead low-temperature cooking (150C-175C). The the accompanying or should the the when cooking they should the of whether meat or to with the meat this that to turn. the of and the of which should cooking The meat cooked or directly the this the shelf to the Should cook food, the meat directly the and the the to the Once the meat cooked, to least that the To the formation of too the roasting, to the andto steamto cooking the amount too the the which should turned to the to the type of food to cooked, its consistency, and that of first cooking with the operating the the of to the to charts.
the include pre-heating. pre-heating (about then and cooking TYPE OF DISH CAKES Whipped and Shortbread dough and cake cake cake Apple cake and cake and cake cake and cake Christmas cake cake cake cakes and and Meringues and and Pastry: and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and If to cook than the to them the C C NOTES
The as only. It to increase or the to and the include pre-heating. pre-heating (about then with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast Thermal of 200C. TYPE OF DISH Quantity Shelf C shells Quantity C
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. or to the The should build-up of or other fire, the cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach and should NOT used. and internal cleaning, cloth to which To or the the of the following: household and bleaches, non-stick or or removers, bath/sink removers. Should the become heavily that cleaning such as Brite used. DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, to the of the shattering. Service Force
Cleaning the cleaning the to from the Proceed as follows: the completely; the the to the A) and the located the B) the its and right-hand then turn the half- closed C) the off its C) steady Clean the with and softh cloth only. Once the cleaning the following the or to the and cleaning with cloth. or products as they the Clean the following the DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. C
The Light the If the replacing, with the following specifications: W/25 W; to of 300C; type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover counterclockwise. the and with the the cover and the supply. Something If the correctly, please the following Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the dishes, or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The SOLUTION that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. that the of with the Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and necessary The Light"). The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. that shelves and with the back
Technical The to the instructions supplied. This Heating Top cooking Thermal Cooling Light of the cavity capacity: of Height MSF This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directives) Directive); Directive) and modifications.
The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply comply to the below. type butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth the and earth should than the other and connecting, the that reach of than 60C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least 50C the supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess. the the to the with four screws, which the the
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering The of Service Force the following CUSTOMER CARE concerning and further information products, Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Conditions and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which Moffat.
This each of the countries below the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
R. to without MDM Forl