INSTR INSTR INSTR INSTR INSTRUCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET Please this instruction using the ESOMBR ESOMWH ESOMSS built-in GB
Information This to the British This heavy. when both and the the to the Child This to operated allow children to or with the The when Children should cooled. This children or other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the This cooking only. It or Appliances become with and their heat should to touching heating the back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. of the with allow heatproof cooking roasting to with or other which or the sealed or the They they heated. towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with and with when heating and as they they become too to and food the You MUST these or using the If Customer that the OFF when cookware containing or or the switched ON. other the with the of the and Cleaning this with the instructions. The should build-up of or other fire, the or high cleaners to the allow the to cool and switch off the supply carrying cleaning or Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the catches to The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the the Information of the the First the and The Chart Defrosting Cleaning the the Light Something Working Service and Conditions to the instructions The following found the to throughout the Instructions instructions operation and information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: VoltageDirective); Directives); Directive) and modifications. this instruction reference and to owner. Technical Building
of the Function Thermostat Light Roasting Thermostat Light Light Plate
Function The off light The light without cooking function Can The Recommended Thermal This function offers ternative of cooking food items, normally associated with The and the together, around the food. cooking This allows to or and shelf, without Defrost This to of food. Thermostat (C) Turn the thermostat clockwise to C and C (MAX). Thermostat Light The thermostat light when the thermostat turned. The light the reached. It then and off to the Light The light when the function The Thermostat This with thermostat. of malfunctioning of the thermostat, and over-heating, the the to the If this Service Force should to the yourself.
The cooling The cooling operates through the and the as shown the The cooling the switched off to the cool. This the First both and the the first the should heated without food. this emitted. This The only the of the of with the chapter Switch the function to cooking the thermostat to MAX. Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the function approximately
The only the of the operated without the of the supply switched or the of the To the of Press or the seconds: the of and the the The ready To the of Press repeatedly to the of function. The Then as The of only function (cook or of cooking Duration function This function allows the to switch off the of cooking food the cooking repeatedly to function and the cooking Press the Duration function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the Press or the seconds: the Duration" and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, while the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the Press repeatedly to the Duration function. The and the the cooking Press the shows seconds the and the to the of selecting function Decreasing Increasing Duration of of
of function With this function, the to switch off when of cooking food the cooking repeatedly to function and the Press the of function. The flashing. Then, as follows: To the of cooking Press or the seconds: the of and the to the of cooking the switched off and acoustic heard, and the flashing. Turn the function and the thermostat to To switch off the acoustic NOTE: turning the acoustic off the to and the function and the thermostat to the to heat To the of cooking Press repeatedly to the of function. The and the the of cooking Press the shows the of The and the and of cooking combined The and of cooking to the to switch and off With the function the cooking as the chapter) the Then, the the With the of cooking function the of cooking as the chapter) the of cooking The and the the of The switch and off to the function The sound the of THE OVEN WILL REMAIN ON, To the Press repeatedly to the function. The flashing. Then, or hours, the seconds: the At the of the the flashing and acoustic heard. To switch off the acoustic To the Press repeatedly to the function. The and the the Press the shows seconds the and the to the of to switch off the Press or three and them about seconds. The switch off. To switch the button. The switched off other
the cook with the closed. clear when the allow to the the The four and with shelves. The counted from the of the as shown the It that these shelves correctly as shown the cookware directly the base. Attention! the and cover of the with while as this heat build-up which the and the heat-resisting and the shelf which the and and Steam The with which of and the recycling of This to cook steamy and the and crusty the cooking and reduced to cooking which released when the This absolutely back from the when the cooking or the of to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and with the To and from cookware which withstand of C. trays, dishes, should directly the covering the the back of the or the base. than as they the of heat and performance. The effects of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with and and heavy increase and browning.
The The the heated the around the the back The to the The of cooking with this function through: Preheating the reaches usually to preheat the although that to allow cooking which higher achieved the preheated first, cooking than Follow the recommended the cooking chart. to reduce about 20-25C which Heating The heating shelf This that batches of the food cooked the the the top slightly than the This There of dishes. to the Turn the function to Turn the thermostat to the Things to The light when the function The The thermostat light the reached. It then and off to the The cooling cooking the cooling continually. It the switched off to the cool. This NOTE The action of the cooling the and what It switch where the and Shelf the shelves spaced. cooking than the centrally the shelves rather than shelf. the to allow slightly cooking the of the food, of cakes or cakes, then they cooked the and from the together. of or of food, and cooked, they ready together. The to heat foods through without thawing first, and other items. of 190-200C and allow the of food the The of too high browning. with the the cooking charts, to the necessary. to reduce about 20-25C roasting the the meat and meat the meat below and to The splashes of from the interior. The meat should heated hotplate as this the to crack.
Chart- TYPE OF DISH NOTES CAKES and Shortbread and cake cake Apple cake and cake and cake cake and cake Christmas cake cake cake and and Meringues and and Pastry: Choux and BREAD AND PIZZA White and and FLANS and and and MEAT On On On English On On On Shoulder of With of Whole Whole Whole Whole Whole Meat FISH Trout/Sea bream and fish/Salmon and This chart as only. It to increase or the to to the NOTE: Shelf counted from of the to pre-heat the about cooking (C)
with the closed. The from the to and the that the when from the to the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food to the cooking and further Preheat the or toasting. the heat and the shelf as necessary, the cooling and the thermostat light the as the function. to the The heat to the of the the cooking to Turn the function Turn the thermostat the the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart TYPE OF DISH (breast) Toast The chart as and should to the thickness of the meat and its Quantity and foods should the the to allow of and to the food of the and Food such as and directly the preferred. Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting that the top used. The food should turned as The the thermostat. the and off to overheating. OI C
to the Thermal Thermal offers of cooking food items normally associated with The and the alternately, around the food. The to and the food reduced. Thermal to cooking the With the of and thermally the foods normally cook therefore food to cook with thermal with One of the that cooked the Turn the function Turn the thermostat the of 200C the and to allow thicknesses of food and follow the instructions chart Thermal the thermal cooking function, of 200C. TYPE OF DISH Quantity shells Defrosting The operates without heat and the the This increases the of defrosting. please that the of the the of defrosting. This function food which heat, iced cakes, and other yeast products. food with or to defrosting. ALWAYS COOK THOROUGHLY IMMEDIATELY AFTER THAWING. food should when and through the defrosting process. of meat and to defrosting this to Defrosting Turn the function to the thermostat the OFF C and foods the as and lightly with or to them and
Cleaning the cleaning allow the cooling to cool the switching off the electricity supply. This cleaned with or with cleaning The should build-up of or other fire, the Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. should cleaning the and using cloth to which To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Clean the outer and Should the become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite used. to DO NOT the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service Force who pleased to further. The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, using cleaner. To clean the shelves, and with and with cloth.
the Light the from the supply. If the replacing, with the following specifications: W, to of C, type: E14. These from Service Force To the the from the supply. Turn the cover anticlockwise. the and with the the cover. to the supply. Something If the correctly, please the following Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM The The light The light It too to the or they cooked too fast. Steam and the food and the cavity. The The SOLUTION that the of the chapter the of that both cooking function and selected. the wired properly, and the switch or the switch from the supply to the ON. Select with the thermostat Select function with the function Select function with the function the light and the Light") The to the of this to the chapter the the than the cooking completed. the instructions the that shelves and with the back
Conditions Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the follo-wing and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded
opean opean opean opean This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries below the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
The to the instructions supplied. Technical of Height of the cavity Height The to connected to electricity supply. The easily which as follows: or Earth THIS OVEN MUST BE EARTHED The to the to the supply to the below. type outlet butyl insulated PVC/PVC and earth type H07 RN-F, H05 RN-F, H05 RR-F, H05 VV-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90), H05 BB-F This to the British Heating rating Top Thermal Light Cooling Convection It that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the yellow and earth and connecting, the that reach of than C the the connected, that the and the the and that the supply properly earthed. The responsibility should these
Building Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Building The surround or which the built comply with these specifications: the as shown the the withstand increase of least C of supply of to the to the overheating. of the and the The To The the the recess, the the to the with four screws, which the the
Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ MDM Forl