AUS ERFAHRUNG GUT Built-In Instructions
Information You MUST these or using the If Customer This to the instructions and to the British CORGI using the that the and supply with the type stated the rating located the supply to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the This cooking only. It or It to that the plate and slightly when the first This and when food or as the overheated splashes easily the without them or with them. the as
to the Repairs or This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. This built-in higher or that of the to with the this with the with the the OFF when other the with the of the cooking Unstable or should the as or the when with and or the Perishable food, items and affected heat and should or below the Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and only should used. Information please of the with to and the of off the this instruction reference and to owner. These instructions only countries whose shown the cover of this instruction and the
the Information of the and and Cleaning Something Not Working? Service and Customer Conditions the Instructions the to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions: Instructions instructions and information This to the following EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC, edition.
of the Right Hotplate INSTALLATION The to the instructions supplied. The to the British Please, that, once the easily the the of breakdown. WHEN THE HOB IS FIRST INSTALLED Once the to protective which the factory. Hotplate Hotplate Right Hotplate Hotplate Hotplate Right Hotplate Right Hotplate
Hotplates To switch hotplate, the anticlockwise to the heat The OFF The hotplates. The hotplates indicated and heat than the painted the they and completely of This the performance of the It to that the and slightly when the first This and while. This each cooking switched cooking regulation, to the following Frying To and the to the and then back to to higher or as required. Heat the then food to and turn back to higher or as required.
the of the plates the following OFF To food To and To and or to or broths, or High stews, meat and
and should characteristics: They should heavy They should the heat exactly, or slightly NEVER They should to with the This when using high frying or as the plate that it the You switch off the plate while and the completed the heat. cooked covered cook which enough to the the without them or with them. to or reach or the to the to as by. when food or as the overheated splashes easily If the become to turn, please Service Force
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The cleaned whilst as easily than to cool. The Top the top cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; removers. Should the top become heavily the following products recommended: cleaner. other Brite or The Hotplates the should and or To the plates as hotplate purchased from stores, HomeCare Products (follow the instruction Alternatively, the plates with of to It to that the plate and slightly when used. to clean and hotplates to and the the become coloured with to this This to the around the hotplates
Something Not Working? If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force SYMPTOM The heat The satisfactory If these correctly, AEG Service Force Please that it necessary to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. SOLUTION that the and the supply switched that the RCCB tripped fitted) the the turned. the plate and the the the the cooking the the type of
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following information: and telephone Clear and of the The and the rating the back of this instruction of purchase CUSTOMER CARE concerning AEG and further information AEG products, Customer or telephone the below or to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Instructions the technical OVERALL DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: Height: CUT OUT DIMENSIONS Width: Depth: SUPPLY CONNECTIONS 230-240V supply. HEATING ELEMENTS RATING Hotplate Hotplate Normal Right Hotplate Normal Right Hotplate This with the IEE Regulations Edition). the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. Location This as "Class Y" to Regulations. below The located or bathroom or shower the the that there of the of the and the of the of the and or walls. The the with the of the If below of allowed from the of the The directly the
CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE HOB CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE FO IMPORTANT This to the The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this The of the the FO FO
Building or If the to or to heat board below the of the the of the It recommended to the to the as shown and FLEX OUTLET FO FO Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the ON/OFF SWITCH FO ON/OFF SWITCH FLEX OUTLET
the to the the the with the to the of the It that this to the the below. the around the of the the the and of the fixing and screws, as shown the the The of the which the of to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to connected to 230-240V AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the of the attached the back cover of this The without supply cord. supply fitted, with the the the cover plate from the of the to the the screws and the top section of the enough to allow the to through. the to the which with the the to the which with the or yellow/green the (earth wire), the to the which with the earth or with the NOTE: The earth should about than the and wires. the of the screws and the cover. FO FO
the of it that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth that the supply with with higher than C. Specifications only type PVC/PVC and earth only type H05 RR-F
AEG D-90327 From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl