Wave-Touch
Information of information..................................................... SAFETY Started (optional accessory) timers........... lights................................... locations.................................................. preheat...................................................... cook cook with Convection Convection cook Perfect Defrost Preferences clock (CLO)................................. or hour (CLO)....................... or C (F-C)........................ (ES)................. (AUD)................................... (UPO) Factory (RST)................................... chart......................................... Self-Clean Cleaning.................................................. Cleaning Cleaning and lights.................................... to Common Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA Please this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase location: or warmer NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com
instructions and items throughout this with WARNING or CAUTION based the type as below: This to that serious death or property This to that or property of the following instructions using this If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. or or other and the of this or other Installation and service servicer or the What to to switch; phone building. Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire items of to children the or the backguard of Children the to reach items seriously these instructions reference. to with To reduce the of the properly with the To the properly, that and the or with warmer the top of the and to to the instructions installation. this as heater to heat or the Doing cover or the or cover with such as Doing flow through the and heat, causing fire or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other the or Warmer
instructions and the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe properly and grounded with the National ANSI Z223- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1 and CAN/GGA B149.2, and the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1, and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. servicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician. This reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the or other overhead which blowing to with other than when the and tested and laboratory with each other. or ApplianceFlammable should warmer or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the the from to or IMPORTANT to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE BURNERS, AREAS NEAR THESE BURNERS, OVEN BURNERS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN. Both and though become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and near these and Wear or should while the clothing or other or grease fires Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too potholders or potholders burns from potholders heating or other cloth instead of potholder. heat food of to burst and
instructions instructions using the of the The of of the to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. which each of food the turning and the off the turn to the LITE when top that Then the the of the Should Turned and Not To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should positioned that turned and high heat and greasy that or that Protective to or as this of these of shock, or fire. cooking of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top instructions using when or to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The located below the backguard. the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without The and allows to and from the high heat of the cover the with Exposed and grease Cold the the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the
instructions cleaning instructions Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and injury. cleaning Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the The should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another Notice The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and to of to such Grounding Instructions this properly grounded. the outlet that correctly and properly grounded. If the the responsibility of the to with properly grounded fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this warning serious fire or death. This with grounding protection shock and should directly properly grounded or the grounding from this the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with this and grounding instructions. IMPORTANT This with (L.P.) ONLY to this to
Luxury-Lighting lights- cooking Convection Convection cook cooking Perfect Defrost cooking options preheat features options Convection Clean (lower) Conv Conv (225F /108C) Perfect 550F 288C 170F 76C 450F 232C 170F 76C (100F 38C) (85F /30C) 300F 148C 550F 288C 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C 300F 148C 190F/88C 150F/66C (275F 135C) 100F 38C 225F 108C 550F C 300F C
Perfect-Pair The following options Clock Clock on/off UPO offset or Factory Clock Clock Clean
Wave-Touch Wave-touch activated Wave-touch timers. Dishwasher to upswept front Rear Perfect-simmer right right front self-cleaning interior. Self-clean latch. light switch. Theatre Luxury-Lighting lights. Convection cover. rack(s). offset shown). coordinated or tinted Perfect-Pair (included). Convection roasting shown-some
Started (optional accessory) the of the to cook such as or other items that grease when the smooth of the to cook items such as or The the the right that turned off the the first and then completely. Apply thin of to the season of the to the seasoned hour 350F, then OFF and The appear to to from the seasoning process. If the and completely. each DO NOT CLEAN GRIDDLE IN DISHWASHER each clean with and only. immediately and apply light coating of to To and uncovered. the of the the or right of locking properly top of Preheat the to preheat heat the cooking process. DO NOT preheat the HI Preheating HI the and heat Smooth
clock You prompted to the of the of or when first to first the the of the and START to If of the of and START If CANCEL clock with the Select the user to the of other such as light Wave-Touch when the clock this You to the to The or To the within the If the touched within the to the To cooking the or this as as timers, light and the lock. Started The with the as the reaches than the to count seconds. the the active and the flash. The following apply to the timers: hours below to the Press Press TIMER Press TIMER To the the TIMER NOTE The timer(s) the cooking
Started Choosing Software the and that both to the with It to that or first which to or The which currently selected setting/changes to the or text If the text displays the to or the the once to the selection. Then the You and You or without to selection. Preheat Once cooking the or the the while preheating. Once the reaches the the Luxury-Lighting includes theater lighting that lights both the and to brightness. The the lights. This includes lights the and light located the rear of the The lights ON whenever the The lights the To of the light the lights the and Cleaning section. The the and the Once locked, the light switch from to off or off to the below to the and the Press Press CONTROL LOCK and seconds. To CONTROL LOCK and seconds. the the finished Once the locked the LOC then the cavity only. to the while the flashing.
of with of racks; offset and racks. offset potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. The offset of the The offset height to the the or to the offset the when the lowest The food when dishes. The that allow to food from the without the of the cakes with or when racks, cookware to when offset cookware or the and allow of around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The to around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. racks.
potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. Removing and the offset To the straight reaches the front of slightly and shown). To the the the walls. the front of the slightly and the completely back shown). Removing and the To using hand, reach through top of and the release located the front of the as shown While holding the release the of the reach the both the and of the the front of the slightly and to the from the to both and together when or the the and to together. To both and of and the resting the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force to the snapped completely back NOTE DO NOT to the the properly the cavity. the with the located the cavity item release
cookware The and type of cookware influence the cooking should that with the rotating the of the cookware. should heat tight balanced. of that conducts heat easy to clean. location The located below the backguard. the released through this This and the DO NOT BLOCK THIS VENT. location The cookware and heat from the to the The heat of food to cookware heat easily. heat with cooking easy to and heat however heat once cooking reached. Heating characteristics
the and counterclockwise of the OFF Release and to that the To the and counter- clockwise to that fits locations BTU cooking BTU- of to or when of food. BTU of combined with Perfect BTU chocolates, right front and counterclockwise of the OFF Release the and to the Although the only the selected that both the and both to the counterclockwise to to the If the to the counterclockwise somewhere the to
of displayed the chart below that while Chart clean CLO the clock Defrost of F10* SF CF food *This of that These servicer
About preheat the preheat option to the to The preheat option with the following cooking features: Conv The following apply to the preheat 350F/176C preheat 170F 76C preheat 550F 288C preheat below to preheat with to immediately using Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS Press RAPID PREHEAT Press START the preheat quickly. The PRE-HEATING this While PREHEATING the Convection sound and PRE- HEATING food The to the canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the cooking ONLY or
About the to cook food items that cooking with the following preheat with The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 77C 550F 288C Press below to to immediately using the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. If than the below shows 425F/ 218C Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE 425F food items or the offset or food items the allow of the food items when cakes racks, cookware NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
cook cook when when and of to cook. Following the cook the with the following features: Conv Conv cook Defrost NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the immediately with preheating to the of 350F (176C) and then to off Press Preheat the Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Press COOK OPTIONS Press COOK TIME Press Once START the cook and shut-off.
cook with cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and and with the following features: Convection Convection cook Clean Clean only) Defrost NOTE the END TIME option the of You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME below to the with preheating 375F (176C) and to shut-off Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE F Press COOK OPTIONS Press COOK TIME Press END TIME Press Once START pressed, the the which the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the selected or the cooking canceled.
About the to cook that to heat browning This cooking only the The following apply to the 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C Should fire the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and the without the cover the with the grease To food from the and to grease the roasting when the recommended and the type of meat allow the to preheat the food the below to the immediately with the Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to the food and directly the Press UPPER OVEN Press BROIL Press NOTE You CANCEL while the or the process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to using the or Each of or the (or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
The that allows grease from the meat to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of listed. Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick 550F Chicken-bone 450F Chicken-boneless 450F 500F as directed 550F as directed thick 6th* 550F thick 550F the off-set when
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection to the heat and continuously. The heat allows cooking with cooking slightly increase cook foods, the The should ONLY when instructions written with If instructions and to follow the Convection Convert option instructions. The option the that the Conv with the following options: Conv or cook with preheat of performance. foods cook to and or required. NOTE Once the to to This allow combustion. The following apply to the 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C). Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING this the reaches PRE- HEATING turn off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. with or and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or when
The option allows to using the The the and to Conv with CONV BAKE of option: performance. foods cook to and or required. food items using the recommended with or and and and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C) and the option. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS Press CONV CONVERT Press Once START the shows PRE-HEATING the reaches the PRE-HEATING off and the ready. The option the from the to with cook the when the cook The finished. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the from and Meats cooked with this the while the there to reduce the when Convection with the following options: or cook with preheat The following apply to Factory 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C of performance. foods cook to and or required. Preheating and food items the recommended the type of food food items the allow of the food items to follow and or to the chart information below to to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV ROAST Press Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
Roasting Roasting instructions roasting, the and the roasting with The catch grease and the grease The roasting fits top of the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase the or to the the the the roasting securely seated top of the the without the cover the with food the roasting food the Meat to to to whole** to whole** to Poultry whole** to to to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to F, F, roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the Convection Roasting Chart Roasting
About the function Checking the of food the effective of insuring that food properly cooked. cooking meat such as or the to the without from cooking to once the reached the The following apply to the function: 170F/76C 130F 54C 210F 98C the the that the the of the thickest of the meat. allow the to bone, or the bone-in or the the of the lowest or such as meat or the the of the food. To the of the food with the cooking the the whole or the the thickest of the thigh, below the IMPORTANT only the with other to the or the the the The properly correctly connected. the when and from the food and the to the when or from the food or the Defrost food completely the to or the the when To the of burns, the
the the below to the to180 F/82 C when using the with F/162 C. Press the the food and the food the the COMPLETELY the the and the Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV ROAST Press COOK OPTIONS Press PROBE Press *You choose to the internal of the the to the once the reached the NOTE the cooking PROBE once to the internal meat the Press PROBE to or the
About the to foods with the following the following options: with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing bacteria to which food or sickness. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press KEEP WARM Press To or cook this started: from the necessary. the UPPER or LOWER to the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About cook cook the below to cook The cook to cook foods The cooking that of or Crock-Pot. This roasting cooking the of becoming burnt; this cook the or cook with the following with The following apply to the cook HI: 275F/ 134C cooking to hours 225F 108C cooking to Completely thaw foods or to of cooking when cooking food or the hour of the often or the when foods. The heat that the the food to cook. the foods to them or or type cover to allow to or browning the bone the of the Preheating the necessary. Press Press UPPER OVEN* Press SLOW COOK Press to choose the option Press *Choose the to cook the NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About Perfect About Perfect Heated around the from and Poultry cooked with this the while the Perfect cook with the The to the internal of the while Once the reached the the cooking and to the or would to the to and follow the instructions NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. the cooking PROBE once to the internal meat reported the Press PROBE to the It recommended to the once started. Doing the Meat Poultry roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the whole* to whole* to whole* to to the below to the of 325F and the the of 180F (82C). Press the the thickest of the meat and the the the the the Press UPPER OVEN Press PERFECT TURKEY and Perfect the Press Perfect Chart
About the to thaw of items such as cakes, and The Defrost the While the the to around the food slowly, the defrosting of the food without heat. Defrost with the following with the below to Press food and UPPER OVEN Press DEFROST Press NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking This thawing seafood or other foods that to cooked Follow USDA thawing foods. foods that defrosted and without cooking should with this About The with heat from the The heat throughout the the to and/or foods such as and thin of the only. The while The following apply to the 120F 48C 100F 38C 225F 108C the below to the of 120F. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press DEHYDRATE Press To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About and 140F. 100F. Drying the and of the food, the of the the amount and the the Treat with to Tightly cooling to allow the to around the food; or to allow the to around the food (this type of with this food or information. About The yeast-leavened products. the or only. with the following The following apply to the 100F/38C 85F/30C 100F 38C Lightly cover the dough of the below. the light to the the below to 85F 30C). Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BREAD PROOF Press and to to to 85F Press NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About You to of heat and cooking three each These light the when they or recalling. Each allow to cooking and cook the or instructions the selecting the or The below shows to cooking instruction the Press Press UPPER OVEN the cooking instructions the and options to and Press START Press and the MY FAVORITE seconds Press CANCEL/off* You hear and light the selected to that *If to the cooking instructions the Recalling Press Press UPPER OVEN Choose MY FAVORITE Press Deleting/overwriting Once choose to overwrite existing Follow the instructions to choose the to overwrite and seconds. It to another. Choose of the to and the cooking instructions using the overwriting instructions.
Perfect allow to to of Each with and cook when to cooking function. The following functions with Bake/conv from 150F/66C to 190F/ 88C. If this to the the to 350F to brown, 500F Press Press UPPER OVEN Press MULTI STAGE Press BAKE F Press Press Press BROIL F Press Press
Perfect allow to to of with cooking and cook when to cooking function. The following with Bake/conv Conv from 150F/66C to 190F/ 88C. If this to the the to 350F to 500F Press Press UPPER OVEN Press MULTI STAGE Press BAKE F Press Press Press BROIL F Press Press Press KEEP WARM F Press Press of to immediately.
This when the Sabbath/Holidays. This off tones or normally the BAKE and heating the cooking features while the You first the BAKE and the upper/lower the COOK TIME option and the to the the displays. The COOK TIME option, to the the of COOK TIME The the factory Hour and the the cooking features If of the cooking when the the or to the If the lights to them to the Sabbath Once the light turned ON and the active, the light the Sabbath turned off and the lights off. The the lights when the or closed. It recommended that with the with of the START This the ON the to the or higher than the If the incorrectly, the to 170F or 550F. to the The the the only) Should or the the OFF. restored the back to the BAKE SF appear the indicating the food from the while the further and of with the please the
The below shows the to the (and Press Press UPPER or LOWER OVEN Press BAKE to or to To and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release. Once properly the the or Canceling The below shows to the Press Press and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release: cooking and the once NOTES The once the the the You the and once only). Choose and BAKE the to 550F) and START that the or further once the the
Perfect The cooking and The cooking foods such as and foods. the to cooked foods These the cook KEEP CHILDREN AWAY FROM THE LOWER OVEN WHEN HOT. FAILURE TO DO SO CAN RESULT IN BURNS. food the or with to food from off. DO NOT LINE THE OVEN DRAWER WITH FOIL OR COVER THE OVEN RACK WITH FOIL. This to The height of foods and that the The to foods that to the recommended height. the enough to food and created from the cooking process. to cover food. the or surrounding and to clean. or instead. only and cookware the that recommended the when food from the The cookware/plates Should fire the and the OFF. If the fire fire extinguisher. or the fire. The when cooking or that the with the turned the This the and the food. with the with and type items should cooked the the the of the this heat Repeated of the the cooking increase and cooking The cooking the slightly from the
About the the to cook food items with cooking with the following options: with The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 76C 450F 232C below to to immediately the Press Press LOWER OVEN Press BAKE Press Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the precess. About the the to cooked foods with food. heat food. with the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C If this to the FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. NOTE The when the self-cleaning or the active. If the ON and self-clean or attempted, the the with To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
the below to the to 190F 88C: Press Press LOWER OVEN Press KEEP WARM to increase the to 190F. Press NOTE the to increase from the the to the You CANCEL when the or the cooking cleaning clean-up, the should cleaned as as the cools Clean each to build-up of and food cooking foods that cover the food with heatproof or and to clean the and cleaning to DO NOT cleaners the cavity. selection the recommended chart below If food listed, the of 170F. If the or from the food. foods 170F. of foods to meat with and 170F. Food Item Heating 190F 190F 170F Soups (Cream) 170F 170F 170F Meats 170F 150F 150F Plates with Food 150F 150F Breads/Pastries 150F Recommended Food
About with Wave-Touch The options The and every each Please the following instructions the user Press and to USER PREF to through the Press or to options each preference. Press or to increase or You the to input Press START to option or USER PREF to to the preference. Press CANCEL START to the NOTE options while cooking or when the clock (CLO) the below to the clock to Press Press USER PREF. or to to Press to or CANCEL/off to Preferences clock (CLO) The clock allows to turn the clock or off. the below to the clock to OFF. Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or CLO off option Press to or CANCEL/off to
Preferences or hour F or C (F-C) The clock allows to choose and hour The factory clock hour. the below to the to hour. Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or option. Press to the to and or The factory the below to the to Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to to the C option. Press to or CANCEL/off to or
(ES) The factory built-in hour that off the the heating than hours and The to this the below to turn off hour Turning off Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the to to the or off option Press to or CANCEL/off to Preferences (AUD) The allows choose of the You turn the off and to operating with the sounds and The preheat and cook features to when to food and The factory the below when the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to choose or to choose the off option Press to or CANCEL/off to or
Preferences offset (UPO) factory and tested to the first follow and If too or too cool from the to The increased to +35F (+19C) or to -35F (-19C) from the below to the the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the lower. to to Press to or CANCEL/off to To the higher the (UPO) The increased +35F (+19C) or -35F (-19C) from the below to increase the the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the higher. to to Press to or CANCEL/off to To the the
Factory (RST) You choose to factory This or that the below Press Press and to USER PREF reach the factory the or to to or the option to Press CANCEL/off to Preferences
Preferences chart The following chart through the user Preference option option* clock Clock or hour F or C UPO UPO to factory Preferences
self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high that those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. to the following when the self-clean cleaners or protective coatings or around the the The of the should to or the cleaning the Leaving the DO NOT force the The locking the and These items withstand high cleaning MUST If they while to self-clean the REMOVE RACKS The self-clean without first the racks. the cavity self-clean To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high Clean from the the the and the the front of the with and These heat sufficiently to burn allow food with high or (such as tomatoes, or to the they cleaning. the self-clean the of the become to the the DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another well-ventilated Self-Clean
Self-Clean self-clean The choices self-cleaning the the clean or heavy The below shows the self-clean to immediately using hour) Press and Press UPPER OVEN Press CLEAN Select MED or or heavy Press the the The DOOR Once the the DOOR through the self-clean self-clean, the about to cool and this cooling the DOOR and indicating that the IMPORTANT self-clean the the CONTROL LOCK turned If self-clean to completely cleaned. and the another self-clean self-clean You to to self-clean to hours The END TIME when the cleaning You to the END TIME enough to allow the type of choose hours). to the to cool enough and the to The below shows the hour) self-clean to oclock. Press and Press UPPER OVEN Press CLEAN Select LITE Press COOK OPTIONS Press END TIME Press NOTES You CANCEL the cleaning process. the to the the DOOR off. If to self-clean to hours, the USER PREF to the (ES) to OFF and the clock (CLO) to
Cleaning Painted and Painted Chrome Decorative and cleaning instructions the section. Cleaning and Cleaning and cloth. with cloth. cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and cleaners of these they scratch. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the cleaning the to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean and dishcloth. with using dishcloth. to from the cloth the when around the or around the to the cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean the with or cloth. with clean and with clean cloth. cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that scouring with scouring with of clear and If cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. cleaners the
and Cleaning Cleaning heads, Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. Cleaning and from the they completely cooled and to additions, or this to satisfactorily the authorized Agency. IMPORTANT cleaners the to of and the to the of the and of the DO NOT allow food, cleaning or other to the The to or the Cleaning Clean following instructions. with clean and to thoroughly clean the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or the to the cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the the The of Cleaning which should to or this The to cleaning the sealed, easy when cleaned immediately. If or the recessed or areas, with cloth. with clean, cloth and cleaners the They scratch the Completely cleaners from the or the become heating. The dishwasher and cleaned the dishwasher. the dishwasher.
Cleaning and To burns when cleaning the DO NOT to the whenever the or heads To burns DO NOT of the following cleaning instructions turning OFF of the and allow them to cool. To burns DO NOT to the without the shipped with the heads and the locations. to: Follow instructions operating. from Should to the cleaning the off the head. Clean heavy with cloth. with clean, cloth and immediately thoroughly including the and of the cleaners. They scratch the the dishwasher. the IMPORTANT below. IMPORTANT the the the seated top of heads. and heating when turned ON and the seated correctly. The the to loosely. Clean with type and thoroughly replacing. and Cleaning heads the from the head. The heads to the and cleaned flow to clean the heads and To clean, first DAMP cloth to food from the toothbrush and cloth. located the or to clean. Should it that with With the head or the of to clear the or head head with only)
and Cleaning The with Removing the To burns, to the the completely cooled. IMPORTANT The heavy. when and the the the the Unlock both them and from the they If screwdriver to with the both of completing this to the whole weight of the while the of the with both the the to about inches and closing the The should release from the its evenly, slightly and both clear of the the to the with the of the the with the
The with To the the both below the positioning the with the the to to the to the the the of the to the and the and the the of the from that the the the to the With the the both the they both the and Cleaning
and Cleaning instructions IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should clean the Self-clean lights the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection or burns. The light located the of the cavity and both covered with shield. The shield whenever the the light Turn off the or the light shield as below. with T-4 type Please allow to the when replacing. This the of the to cover the when shield Turn back the (or the back The clock then to
light and light to OFF the and the cool completely. the from the phillips-head screwdriver the screws from the of the front With the front other to the from the the from the other of the With BOTH the and from the both cavity. the light with Watt light both and outward from cavity. the top of both the top of the both of the correctly with the the to the with both screw the phillips-head screwdriver the screws from the and Cleaning
to Common service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this Appliance enough to easily. Appliance service light burns around. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX If or to the of the of the appear clearance. or built too tightly. or to with completely turned to and the to and then turn to clogged. With the OFF, or to Cleaning and the and Cleaning section instructions. Appliance from securely the clogged. With the OFF, or cleaning. Lightly the and allow to the thoroughly and follow instructions Cleaning and the and Cleaning section.
Allow the to the properly the function. this or the instructions this The of The of first to the the clock the Started section. or or light lights section this factors the used. food the to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the Preferences section of this to Common or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX areas, slightly to correctly Service or authorized service service.
to Common properly. Follow instructions excessively this or or of grease from the If or About the section. displays F10, F11, F13, F14, F15, F20, F23, F25, F30, F31 or F90) or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX closed when Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat the Preheat the Meat properly from to curling, grease the with to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food or Press CANCEL to clear the the or If the supply to and then the and clock the of the or If the and service.
Notes
Notes
Appliance Warranty Information covered year warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first from of purchase. and to repaired the home. including, to, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACE- MENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MER- CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSE- QUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or as or to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Terry L5V 3E4