Perfect
Information Table of information..................................................... SAFETY Started About the timers........... lights................................... canning..................................................... locations locations.................................................. preheat...................................................... cook cook with Convection Convection cook recalling Sabbath Warmer Preferences clock (CLO)................................. or hour (CLO)....................... or C (F-C)........................ (ES)................. (AUD)................................... (UPO) Factory (RST)................................... of chart......................................... Self-Clean Cleaning Cleaning and lights.......................................... Removing and warmer to Common Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA Please this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase plate location: or warmer NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com
instructions and items throughout this with WARNING or CAUTION based the type as below: This to that serious death or property This to that or property of the following instructions using this If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. or or other and the of this or other and service servicer or the What to to switch; phone Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire items of to children the or the of Children the to reach items seriously these instructions reference. to with Instructions. To reduce the of the properly with the To the properly, that and the or with warmer the top of the and to to the instructions this as heater to heat or the Doing cover or the or cover with such as Doing flow through the and heat, causing fire or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other injury. the or Warmer
instructions and using the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe properly and grounded technician with the National ANSI Z223- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1 and CAN/GGA B149.2, and the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1, and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of servicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician. This reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the or other overhead which blowing flow to with other than when the and tested and laboratory with each other. or ApplianceFlammable should warmer or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the the from to or IMPORTANT to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. children aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE BURNERS, AREAS NEAR THESE BURNERS, OVEN BURNERS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN. Both and though become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other or grease fires Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too potholders or potholders burns from potholders heating or other cloth instead of potholder. heat food of to burst and
instructions instructions the of the The of of the to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. which each of food the turning and turn the off the to the LITE when top that Then the the of the Should Turned and Not To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should that turned and high heat and greasy that or that Protective to or as this of these of shock, or fire. cooking of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top instructions when or to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The located below the backguard. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without The and allows to and from the high heat of the cover the with and grease Cold the the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the
instructions cleaning instructions Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and aerosolsAlways follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and injury. cleaning Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the clean The should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another Notice The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and to of to such Grounding Instructions this properly grounded. the outlet that correctly and properly grounded. If the the responsibility of the to with properly grounded fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this serious injury, fire or death. This with protection shock and should directly properly grounded or the grounding from this the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with this installation and grounding instructions.
Luxury-Lighting lights- cooking Convection Convection cook Clean preheat Convection features options Conv Conv (225F /108C) 550F 288C 170F 76C (100F 38C) (85F /30C) 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C 300F 148C 190F/88C 150F/66C (275F 135C) 225F 108C 100F 38C
Warmer The following options Preferences: Clock Clock on/off UPO offset or Factory Clock Clock Clean
Perfect timers. Dishwasher to clean upswept front Rear Perfect-simmer right rear right front self-cleaning Self-clean latch. light switch. Theatre Luxury-Lighting lights. Convection cover. (s). and shown). coordinated or tinted Warmer Warmer (included). Convection roasting shown).
Started About the with the of the to cook such as or other items that grease when the smooth of the to cook items such as or The the the right that off the the first and then completely. Apply thin of to the (front and back of hour 350F, then OFF and cool The appear to to from the seasoning process. If the and completely. each DO NOT CLEAN GRIDDLE IN DISHWASHER each with and only. immediately and apply light coating of to To and uncovered. the of the the or right of locking properly top of Preheat the to preheat heat the cooking process. DO NOT preheat the HI Preheating HI the and heat
The with the as the reaches than the to count seconds. the the active and the flash. The following apply to the timers: hours below to the Press Press TIMER Press TIMER To the the TIMER NOTE The timer(s) the cooking process. Started clock You prompted to the of the of or when first to first the the of the and START to If of the of and START If CANCEL clock with the Select the to the of other such as light
Started Software the and warmer that both to the with It to that or first which to or The which currently selected setting/changes to the or warmer text If the text displays the to or the the warmer once to the selection. Then the setting/changes. You and You or without to selection. Preheat Once cooking the or warmer the the while preheating. Once the reaches the the Luxury-Lighting includes theater lighting that lights both the and warmer to brightness. The the lights. This includes lights the and light located the of the warmer The lights ON whenever the The lights the To of the light the lights the and Cleaning section. The the and the Once locked, the light switch from to off or off to the light and below to the and the Press Press CONTROL LOCK and seconds. To Press CONTROL LOCK and seconds. the the finished Once the the LOC then the cavity only. to the while the flashing.
of with of racks; offset and racks. offset potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. The offset and of the The offset height options. to the the or to the offset the when the lowest The food when dishes. The that allow to food from the without the of the with or when racks, to when offset cookware or the and allow of around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The to around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. using racks.
potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. Removing and the offset illustrated) To the straight reaches the front of slightly and To the the the walls. the front of the slightly and the completely back shown). Removing and the To using hand, reach through top of and the release located the front of the as shown While holding the release the of the reach the both the and of the the front of the slightly and to the from the to both and together when or the the and to together. To both and of and the resting the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force to the snapped completely back NOTE DO NOT to the the properly the cavity. the with the located the cavity item release
cookware The and type of cookware influence the cooking should that with the rotating the of the cookware. should tight balanced. of that heat easy to clean. The cookware and heat from the to the The heat of food to cookware heat easily. heat with cooking easy to and heat however heat once cooking reached. Heating characteristics heat location The located below the backguard. the released through this This and the DO NOT BLOCK THIS VENT. Canning to and the following when canning with with the USDA (United States of and to the information they as as follow their canning procedures. only when canning. straight-edge to completely with that from the when canning the of the inch the or It recommended to and with to to quickly. the highest heat seating when first the to Once achieved, reduce heat to lowest to that IMPORTANT NEVER or cooking cooking the location
locations BTU- cooking BTU- of to or when of food. BTU- of to of to or when food Perfect BTU- chocolates, the and counterclockwise of the OFF Release and to that the To the and counter- clockwise to that fits
About preheat the preheat option to the to The preheat option with the following cooking features: Conv Conv The following apply to the preheat 350F/176C preheat 170F 76C preheat 550F 288C preheat below to preheat with to immediately using Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press RAPID PREHEAT Press START START the preheat The PRE-HEATING this While PREHEATING the Convection sound and PRE- HEATING food The to the canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the cooking ONLY or
About the to cook food items that cooking with the following options: preheat with The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 77C 550F 288C Press START below to to immediately the food items or Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. If than the below shows 425F/ 218C Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE 425F the offset or food items the allow of the food items when using racks, cookware NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
cook cook when when and of to cook. Following the cook the with the following features: Conv Conv cook NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the immediately with preheating to the of 350F (176C) and then to off Press Preheat the Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Press COOK TIME Press START Once START the cook and shut-off.
cook with cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and and with the following features: Convection Convection cook Clean Clean only) NOTE the END TIME option the of You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME Press START below to the with preheating 375F (176C) and to shut-off Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE F Press COOK TIME Press END TIME Once START pressed, the the which the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the selected or the cooking canceled.
About the to cook that to heat This cooking the The following apply to the 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C Should fire the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and the without the cover the with the grease To food from contacting the and to grease the roasting when the recommended and the type of meat allow the to preheat the food the below to the immediately with the Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to the food and directly the Press UPPER OVEN Press BROIL Press START NOTE You CANCEL while the or the process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
The that allows grease from the meat to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of listed. Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick 550F Chicken-bone 450F Chicken-boneless 450F 500F as directed 550F as directed thick 6th* 550F thick 550F the off-set when Table
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection to the heat and continuously. The heat allows cooking with cooking slightly increase cook foods, the The should ONLY when instructions written with If instructions and to follow the Convection Convert option instructions. The option the that the Conv with the following options: Conv or cook with preheat of performance. foods cook to and or NOTE Once the to to This allow combustion. The following apply to the 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C). Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING this the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. with or and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or when
The option allows to the The the and to Conv with CONV BAKE of using option: performance. foods cook to and or food items the recommended with or using and and and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or the process. the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C) and the option. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press CONV CONVERT Press START Once START the shows PRE-HEATING the reaches the PRE-HEATING off and the ready. The option the from the to with cook the flash when the cook The finished. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About How Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the meat from and Meats cooked with this the while the there to reduce the when using Convection with the following or cook with preheat The following apply to Factory 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C of performance. foods cook to and or Preheating and poultry. food items using the recommended the type of food food items the allow of the food items to follow and or to the chart information below to to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV ROAST Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
Roasting Roasting instructions roasting, the and the roasting with The catch grease and the grease The roasting fits top of the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase the or to the the the the roasting securely seated top of the the without the cover the with food the roasting food the Meat Poultry F, F, roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the to to to whole** to whole** to whole** to to fresh to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to Convection Roasting Chart Roasting
About the to foods with the following the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing bacteria to which food or sickness. To food from the and to grease the roasting when NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press KEEP WARM Press START To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About cook cook the below to cook The cook to cook foods The cooking that of or Crock-Pot. This roasting cooking the of becoming burnt; this cook the only. cook with the following with The following apply to the cook HI: 275F/ 134C cooking to hours 225F 108C cooking to hours Completely thaw foods using or to of cooking when cooking food or the hour of the often or the when foods. The heat that the the food to cook. Cover the foods to them or or type cover to allow to or brown. the bone the of the Preheating the necessary. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press SLOW COOK Press to choose the option Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to the or of or the or 2C). when SLOW COOK HI or LO. If cooking the cook or to the
About The with heat from the The heat throughout the the to and/or foods such as and thin of meat. the only. The Convection while The following apply to the 120F 48C 100F 38C 225F 108C the below to the of 120F. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press DEHYDRATE Press START To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the and 140F. 100F. Drying the and of the food, the of the the amount and the the Treat with to Tightly cooling to allow the to around the food; or to allow the to around the food (this type of with this food or information.
About The yeast-leavened products. the only. with the following The following apply to the 100F/38C 85F/30C 100F 38C Lightly cover the of the below. the light to the the below to 85F 30C). Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BREAD PROOF Press and to to to 85F Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to using the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About You to of heat and cooking or recalling. The allow to cooking and cook the or warmer instructions The below shows to cooking instruction the Press Press UPPER OVEN the cooking instructions the and options to and Press START Press and the MY FAVORITE seconds Press CANCEL* You hear and light the selected to that *If to the cooking instructions the Recalling Press Press UPPER OVEN Choose MY FAVORITE Press START Deleting/overwriting Once the choose to overwrite existing Follow the instructions to choose the to overwrite and seconds. It necessary to another. Choose the and the cooking instructions the overwriting instructions.
This when the This off tones or normally the BAKE and heating the cooking while the You first the BAKE and the upper/lower the COOK TIME option and the Sabbath to the the displays. The COOK TIME option, to the the of COOK TIME The the factory Hour and the the cooking features If of the cooking features when the the or to the If the lights to them to the Once the light ON and the active, the light the turned off and the lights turned off. The the lights when the or closed. further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org It recommended that with the with of the START This insure the ON the to the or higher than the If the incorrectly, the to 170F or 550F. to the The the the only) Should or the the OFF. the back to the BAKE SF appear the indicating the food from the while the
The below shows the to the (and Press Press Press UPPER or LOWER OVEN Press BAKE to or to To and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release. Once properly the such the or Canceling The below shows to the Press and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release: cooking previously and the once NOTES The only once the the You the and once only). Choose and the to 550F) and START that the or further once the the
Warmer Warmer features The warmer foods such as and foods. the to cooked foods The warmer with the KEEP CHILDREN AWAY FROM THE LOWER OVEN WHEN HOT. FAILURE TO DO SO CAN RESULT IN BURNS. the warmer food the or with to food from off. DO NOT LINE THE OVEN DRAWER WITH FOIL OR COVER THE OVEN RACK WITH FOIL. This to The height of foods and that the The to foods that to the recommended the enough to food and created from the process. to food. the or surrounding and to clean. or instead. and cookware the that recommended the when food from the The cookware/plates Should fire the and the OFF. If the fire fire extinguisher. or the fire. The warmer when that the with the turned the This the and the food. with the warmer with and type items should cooked the the warmer the of the this heat Repeated of the the
About the warmer the to cooked foods with food. heat food. with the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C If this to the FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. NOTE The warmer when the self-cleaning or the active. If the warmer ON and self-clean or attempted, the the with To or cook this started: Select the UPPER or WARMER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the Warmer selection the recommended chart below If food listed, the of 170F. If the or from the food. foods 170F. of foods to with and 170F. Recommended Food Food Item Heating 190F 190F 170F Soups (Cream) 170F 170F 170F Meats 170F 150F 150F Plates with Food 150F 150F Breads/Pastries 150F
Warmer the warmer below to the to 190F 88C: Press Press WARMER OVEN Press KEEP WARM to increase the to 190F. Press START NOTE the to increase from the the to the You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. Warmer cleaning clean-up, the should cleaned as as the cools Clean each to build-up of and food foods that cover the food with heatproof or and to the and cleaning to DO NOT cleaners the cavity.
About with Perfect-Set The options The and each Please the following instructions the Press and to USER PREF to through the Press or to options each preference. Press or to increase or You the to input Press START to option or USER PREF to to the preference. Press CANCEL pressing START to the NOTE options while cooking or when the clock (CLO) the below to the clock to Press Press USER PREF. or to to Press START to or CANCEL to Preferences clock (CLO) The clock allows to the clock or off. the below to the clock to OFF. Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or CLO off option Press START to or CANCEL to
Preferences or hour F or C (F-C) The clock allows to choose and hour The factory clock hour. the below to the to Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or option. Press START to the to and or The factory the below to the to Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to to the C option. Press START to or CANCEL to or
(ES) The factory built-in hour that off the the heating than hours and The to this the below to off hour Turning off Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the to to the or off option Press START to or CANCEL to Preferences (AUD) The allows choose of the You the off and to operating with the sounds and The preheat and cook features to when to food and The factory the below when the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to choose or to choose the off option Press START to or CANCEL to or
Preferences offset (UPO) factory and tested to the first follow and If too or too cool from the to The increased to +35F (+19C) or to -35F (-19C) from the below to the the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the lower. to to Press START to or CANCEL to To the higher the warmer (UPO) The increased +35F (+19C) or -35F (-19C) from the below to increase the the warmer Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the higher. to to Press START to or CANCEL to To the the
Factory (RST) You choose to factory This or that the below Press Press and to USER PREF reach the factory the or to to or the option to Press CANCEL to Preferences of displayed the chart below that while Chart CLO the clock Defrost of F10* SF CF food *This of that These servicer
Preferences chart The following chart through the Preference option option* clock Clock or hour F or C UPO UPO warmer to factory Preferences
self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high that those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. to the following when the self-clean cleaners or protective coatings or around the interior. the The of the should to or the cleaning the Leaving the DO NOT force the The locking the and These items withstand high cleaning MUST If they while to self-clean the REMOVE RACKS The self-clean without first the racks. the cavity self-clean To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high Clean from the the the and the the front of the with and These heat sufficiently to allow food with high or (such as or to the they cleaning. the self-clean the of the become to the the DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another well-ventilated Self-Clean
Self-Clean self-clean The clean choices self-cleaning the the or heavy The below shows the self-clean to immediately hour) Press and Press UPPER OVEN Choose LITE, MED OR or or HEAVY CLEAN Press START the the The DOOR Once the the DOOR through the self-clean self-clean, the about to cool and this cooling the DOOR and indicating that the IMPORTANT self-clean the the CONTROL LOCK turned If self-clean to completely cleaned. and the another self-clean self-clean You to to self-clean to hours The END TIME when the cleaning You to the END TIME enough to allow the type of choose hours). to the to cool enough and the to The below shows the self-clean to oclock. Press and Press UPPER OVEN Choose LITE, MED OR HEAVY CLEAN Press END TIME Press START NOTES You CANCEL the cleaning process. the to the the DOOR off. If to self-clean to hours, the USER PREF to the (ES) to OFF and the clock (CLO) to or or
Cleaning Painted and Painted Chrome Decorative and Warmer cleaning instructions the Warmer section. Cleaning and Cleaning and cloth. with cloth. cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and cleaners of these they scratch. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the cleaning the to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean using and dishcloth. with using dishcloth. to from the cloth the when around the or around the to the cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean the with or cloth. with and with cloth. cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that scouring with scouring with of clear and If cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. cleaners the
and Cleaning Cleaning heads, the Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. Cleaning and from the they completely cooled and to additions, or this to satisfactorily the authorized Agency. IMPORTANT cleaners the to of and the to the of the flow and of the DO NOT allow food, cleaning or other to the The to or the Cleaning Clean using following instructions. with and to thoroughly clean the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or the to the cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the clean the The of Cleaning which should to or this The to cleaning the sealed, easy when cleaned immediately. If or the recessed or areas, with cloth. with clean, cloth and cleaners the They scratch the Completely cleaners from the or the become heating. The dishwasher and cleaned the dishwasher. the dishwasher.
Cleaning and To burns when cleaning the DO NOT to the whenever the or heads To burns DO NOT of the following cleaning instructions turning OFF of the and allow them to cool. To burns DO NOT to the without the shipped with the heads and the locations. to: Follow instructions operating. from Should to the cleaning the off the head. Clean heavy with cloth. with clean, cloth and immediately thoroughly including the and of the cleaners. They scratch the the dishwasher. the IMPORTANT below. IMPORTANT the the the seated top of heads. and heating when turned ON and the seated correctly. and Cleaning heads the from the head. The heads to the and cleaned flow to the heads and To clean, first DAMP cloth to food from the toothbrush and cloth. located the or to clean. Should that partially with With the head or the of to clear the or head
and Cleaning The with Removing the To burns, to the the completely cooled. IMPORTANT The when and the the the the Unlock both hinge them and from the they If screwdriver to with the locks. both of completing this to the whole of the while the of the with both the the to about inches and closing the The should release from the its evenly, slightly and both clear of the hinge the to the with the of the the with the
The with To the the both below the positioning the with the the to to the to the the the of the to the and the and evenly the the of the from that the the the to the With the the both hinge the they both the and Cleaning
and Cleaning instructions IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, hitting, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should the Self-clean lights the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection or burns. The light located the of the cavity and both covered with shield. The shield whenever the the light Turn off the or the light shield as below. with T-4 type Please allow to the when replacing. This the of the to the when shield Turn back the (or the back The clock then to
Removing and the warmer and serious or death. from cleaning and servicing the warmer To the warmer Turn OFF the warmer the warmer completely. On warmer release and with while slightly the On right warmer release and with while slightly the warmer The warmer should released from the warmer motion) completely from the To the warmer the to the front of the they both of the warmer to the outer located the warmer While holding the warmer and the warmer DO NOT FORCE the warmer the the outer the the the warmer to the seated. If hear the click or the seated the warmer and through This to the and Cleaning and release Warmer Right-hand and release Right-hand
to Common service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this Appliance enough to easily. Appliance service light burns around. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX If or to the installation. of the of the appear clearance. or built too tightly. or to with completely to and the to and then to clogged. With the OFF, or to clean Cleaning and the and Cleaning section instructions. Appliance from securely the clogged. With the OFF, or cleaning. Lightly the and allow to the thoroughly and follow instructions Cleaning and the and Cleaning section.
Allow the to the properly the function. this or the instructions this The of The of first to the the clock the Started section. or light lights section this factors the used. food the to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the Preferences section of this to Common or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX areas, slightly to correctly Service or authorized service service.
to Common properly. Follow instructions this or or amounts of grease from the If or About the section. displays F10, F11, F13, F14, F15, F20, F23, F25, F30, F31 or F90) or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX closed when Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat the Preheat the Meat properly prepared. from to curling, grease the with to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food or Press CANCEL to clear the the or If the supply to and then the and clock the of the or If the and service.
Appliance Warranty Information covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first year from of purchase. and to repaired the home. including, to, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACE- MENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MER- CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSE- QUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or as or illustrated to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Terry L5V 3E4