Wave-Touch
Information of information SAFETY Started lights warmer of) preheat cook cook with Convection Convection Convection cook Perfect Defrost cooking Preferences clock clock (CLO) or hour (CLO) or C (F-C) (ES) (AUD) (UPO) (UPO) Factory (RST)................................... chart......................................... Self-Clean Cleaning cleaning lights to Common Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA Please this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase NOTE with to You or Product Card the toll-free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information
instructions and items throughout this with WARNING or CAUTION based the type as below: This to that serious death or property This to that or property of the following instructions this and the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe properly and grounded with the National ANSI Z223- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1 and CAN/GGA B149.2, and the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1, and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of servicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician. This reduce the of and to the or the of these instructions covers, brackets/screws, or other of the reference. to with To reduce the of the properly with the To the properly, that and the or with warmer the top of the and to to the instructions installation. Appliance Warming or Heating the the or Warmer or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other items of to the or the of Children the to reach items seriously
instructions Protective to the as the of these of shock, or fire. or ApplianceFlammable should or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE ZONE, AREAS NEAR THESE ZONE, HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVENS. ALL and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while using the clothing or other or grease fires Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too potholders or potholders burns from potholders heating or other cloth instead of potholder. IMPORTANT to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. heat food of to burst and injury. the from to or instuctions which operates each heating of food the turning and turn the off the This with or of Select enough to cover the heating The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. should turned and To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should that turned and high heat and greasy that or that or heating Heating should Heating themselves operation.
instructions cover the with cooking of and grease glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top foods turn the cook cook top If cook top should cleaning and the cook top and of shock. technician immediately. Clean cook top with If or cloth to cooking to burn. cleaners to instructions when or to the of the when the of or or food the The located the rear with The located below the backguard with cook tops. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat- items or near the These items or of racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without its The and its allow to and from the high heat of the Cold the using the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the instructions cleaning Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and Clean frequentlyGrease should allowed to the or Follow instructions cleaning. cleaning Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the The should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and to of to such
Wave-Touch options Luxury-Lighting lights cooking Perfect-Convect Perfect-Convect Perfect-Convect cook cooking Perfect Defrost Perfect cooking options preheat Convection Cleaning (lower) Conv Conv Conv Perfect 170F 76C 170F 76C (85F /30C) 300F 148C 170F 76C 170F 76C 300F 148C 150F/66C (225F /108C) (275F 135C) 100F 38C 300F C 550F 288C 450F 232C (100F 38C) 550F 288C 550F 288C 550F 288C 550F 288C 190F/88C 225F 108C 550F C
Wave-Touch Perfect-Pair The following options Clock Clock on/off UPO offset or Factory Clock Clock Clean
Wave-Touch (1200W) Warmer (100W) Right rear (750/1800W) front (1000/2000/2700W) Right front high (1200/3000W)
Wave-Touch Wave-Touch activated Wave-Touch timers. self-cleaning Self-clean latch. light switch. Theatre Luxury-Lighting Perfect-Convect racks. offset shown). coordinated or tinted Perfect-Pair to upswept coordinated or smoothtop. (included). Convection roasting
Started clock You prompted to the of the of or when first to first the the of the and START to If of the of and START If CANCEL clock with the the user to the of other such as light Wave-Touch when there the clock this You to the to function. To the within the If the touched within the to the To cooking the or this as as timers, light and the The with the as the reaches than the to count seconds. the the active and the flash. The following apply to the timers: hours below to the Press Press TIMER Press TIMER To the the TIMER NOTE The timer(s) the cooking process.
Software the and that both to the with It to that or first which to or The which currently selected setting/changes to the or text If the text displays the to or the the once to the selection. Then the You and You or without to selection. includes Lighting that and the lights both the and Preheat Once cooking the or the the while preheating. Once the reaches the the Started The the cook top and the the the light and below to the and the Press To and CONTROL LOCK seconds. To and CONTROL LOCK seconds. the the finished Once the the LOC then the cavity only. to the while the flashing. If when HE appear the Luxury-Lighting The the lights. This includes lights the and light located the of the The lights turn ON whenever the The lights the To of the light the lights the and Cleaning section.
of with of racks; offset and racks. offset potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. The offset of the The offset height options. to the near the or to the offset the when the lowest The food when dishes. The that allow to food from the without the of the with or when cakes racks, cookware to when offset cookware or the and allow of around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The to around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. using racks.
potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. and the offset illustrated) To the straight reaches the front of slightly and To the the the walls. the front of the slightly and the completely back shown). and the To thumbs to both and right spring-loaded release the of both the front of the While both the straight slightly and release both both the and of the both straight reaching the At the front of slightly and to from to both and when from or of the the these and to together. To both and of and the resting the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force to the snapped completely back NOTE DO NOT to the the properly the cavity. the with the located the rear cavity item
cookware The and type of cookware influence the cooking should that with the heating rotating the of the cookware. to follow the as illustrated. should tight balanced. of that heat to clean. Match to the of the should or warped the than one-half inch. than the heavy that The cookware and heat from the to the The heat of food it to cookware If the they which scratches. these immediately. heat easily. heat with cooking easy to and heat however heat once cooking reached. Not Heating characteristics coating smooth to scratching heat Not recommended scratch the information about the Cleaning the Cleaning section.
the About the The located below the of the The of the the of the the of the matches the of the the Heat through the of the to the cookware. cookware should used. The type and of cookware, the of and the factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns. About the The and evenly. the the red. To the selected the and off. The heating enough heat to and heat the off off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking with with ratings. The to heat food and increases as the increases. NOTE that allows the to ON and OFF, the HI This to to the the HI and the cookware too the or the cookware to using cookware the Please the instructions cleaning both the and Cleaning and You sections of this and Warmer Right rear Right front front location The located the of the the through this naturally. The necessary and the DO NOT BLOCK THIS VENT. location
the Wave-Touch The to the cooking located the These the as the displayed LED displays. each heating the warmer of these include ON The and when the heat to Higher heat to HI) to to HI offer or At these locations, choose to the heating only or or heating with each of the BURNER SIZE The of displayed the LED the of heating that
the Wave-Touch If the Touch the ON OFF the heating If the heating than and to the BURNER SIZE the heating to the Press the or or the or to (HE) of the the become turning the off, the The the of the and displays HE and flashes the when the too to If the HE the LED, the heating and the chart to the the type of food of cooking High foods, to high fry, thicken and foods appear to cooled they turned off. The and burns the touched cooled sufficiently. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the
About the warmer the warmer to cooked foods such stews, breads, and DO NOT heat food the warmer and recommended and or to cover foods. or the The warmer when becomes becomes enough to burns or the warmer the warmer (HE) light OFF. potholders or when food from the warmer as cookware and Warmer selection to the recommended warmer food choosing food type to If food listed, with the heat and as foods when using the warmer Food item Heat L4 or L5 foods L4 or L5 L3 Soups L3 L3 L3 Meats L3 L2 or L3 L2 or L3 with food L1 L1 Breads/pasteries L1 with cooked food. or the cover should to allow to food the warmer should covered with to the warmer If the Touch the ON OFF the warmer Press the or the L2 or L4 the or to the food ready to the OFF once to the warmer off.
of displayed the chart below that while location location CLO the clock Defrost E11* of F10* HE SF CF food *This of that These servicer Chart Abbreviations
About preheat the preheat option to the to The preheat option with the following cooking features: Conv The following apply to the preheat 350F/176C preheat 170F 76C preheat 550F 288C preheat below to preheat with to immediately using Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS Press RAPID PREHEAT Press START START the preheat The PRE-HEATING this While PREHEATING the Convection sound and PRE- HEATING food The to the canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the cooking ONLY or
About the to cook food items that cooking with the following preheat with The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 77C 550F 288C below to to immediately the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. If than the below shows 425F/ 218C Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE 425F Press START food items or the offset or food items the allow of the food items when racks, cookware NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
cook cook when when and of to cook. Following the cook the with the following features: Conv Conv cook Defrost NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the immediately with preheating to the of 350F (176C) and then to off Press Preheat the Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Press COOK OPTIONS Press COOK TIME Press START Once START the cook and shut-off.
cook with cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and and with the following features: Convection cook Clean Clean only) Defrost NOTE the END TIME option the of You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME below to the with preheating 375F (176C) and to shut-off Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BAKE F Press COOK OPTIONS Press COOK TIME Press END TIME Press START Once START pressed, the the which the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. While PREHEATING the Convection the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the selected or the cooking canceled.
the to cook that to heat This cooking the the to cook thicker of that to heat and the The following apply to the 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C Should fire the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and the without the cover the the with the grease To food from the and to grease the roasting when the recommended and the type of meat allow the to preheat the food the below to the immeadiately with the Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to to the food and directly the slightly (about inches the Press UPPER OVEN Press BROIL Press START NOTE You CANCEL while the or the process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
The that allows grease from the meat to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 7th* F thick or 7th* F thick or 7th* F thick F Chicken-bone F Chicken-boneless F F F thick 7th* F thick F the off-set choose to Table
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection to the heat and continuously. The heat allows with cooking slightly increase cook foods, the The should ONLY when instructions written with If instructions and to follow the Convection Convert option instructions. The option the that the with the following Conv or cook with preheat of performance. foods cook to and or required. The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 76C 550F 288C the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C): Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING this the reaches PRE- HEATING turn off and the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. with or and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or when
The option allows to using the The the and to Conv with CONV BAKE of option: performance. foods cook to and or required. food items using the recommended with or and using and and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C) and the option. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS Press CONV CONVERT Press START Once START the shows PRE-HEATING the reaches the PRE-HEATING off and the ready. The option the from the to with cook the when the cook The finished. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the meat from and Meats cooked with this the while the there to reduce the when Convection with the following or cook with preheat The following apply to Factory 350F/176C 170F 76C 550F 288C of performance. foods cook to and or Preheating and poultry. food items the recommended the type of food food items the allow of the food items to follow and or to the chart information below to to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV ROAST Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to using the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
Roasting Roasting instructions roasting, the and the roasting with The catch grease and the grease The roasting fits top of the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase the or to the the the the roasting securely seated top of the the without the cover the with food the roasting food the Meat to to to whole** to whole** to Poultry whole** to to fresh to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to F, F, roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the Convection Roasting Chart Roasting
About the function Checking the of food the effective of insuring that food properly cooked. cooking meat such as or the to the internal without from cooking to once the reached the The following apply to the function: 170F/76C 130F 54C 210F 98C the the that the the of the thickest of the allow the to bone, or the bone-in or the the of the lowest or such as meat or the the of the food. To the of the food with the the the whole or the the thickest of the thigh, below the IMPORTANT the with other to the or the the the The properly correctly connected. the when and from the food and the to the when or from the food or the Defrost food completely the to or the the when To the of burns, the
the the below to the to180 F/82 C when the with F/162 C. Press the the food and the food the the COMPLETELY the the and the Press UPPER OVEN Press CONV ROAST Press COOK OPTIONS Press PROBE Press START You choose to the internal of the the to the once the reached the NOTE the cooking once to the meat reported the Press to or the
About Convection of the Perfect-Convect the to cook thicker of that to heat and the This cooking the The following apply to the 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C Should fire the closed and the OFF. If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and Press CONV BROIL the without the cover the the or with the exposed grease To food from the and to grease the roasting when the recommended and preheat below to the to immediately with the Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to the food and directly the Press UPPER OVEN Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About the to foods with the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing bacteria to which food or sickness. To food from the and to grease the roasting when NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. below to the to immediately with the Press Press UPPER OVEN Press KEEP WARM Press START To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About cook cook the below to cook The cook to cook foods The cooking that of or Crock-Pot. This roasting poultry. cooking the of becoming burnt; this cook the or cook with the following with The following apply to the cook HI: 275F/ 134C cooking to hours 225F 108C cooking to hours Completely thaw foods or to of cooking when cooking food or the hour of the often or the when foods. The heat that the the food to cook. Cover the foods to them or or type cover to allow foods to or brown. Roasts the the of the the to the to when food Preheating the necessary. Press Press UPPER OVEN* Press SLOW COOK Press to choose the option Press START *Choose the to cook the NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About Perfect Perfect Heated around the from and Poultry cooked with this the while the Perfect cook with the The to the internal of the while Once the reached the the cooking and to the or would to the to and follow the instructions NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking the cooking PROBE once to the internal meat the Press PROBE to the It recommended to the once cooking started. Doing the Meat whole* to whole* to Poultry whole* to to roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the the below to the of 325F and the the of 180F (82C). Press the the thickest of the meat and the the the the the Press UPPER OVEN Press PERFECT TURKEY and Perfect the Press START Perfect Chart
About the to thaw of food Defrost the only. The Convection while Defrost with the following with the below to Press Press UPPER OVEN Press DEFROST Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. About The with heat from the The heat throughout the the to and/or foods such as and thin of the only. The Convection while The following apply to the 120F 48C 100F 38C 225F 108C the below to the of 120F. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press DEHYDRATE Press START To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the and 140F. Drying the and of the food, the of the the amount and the the Treat with to Tightly cooling to allow the to around the or to allow the to around the food (this type of with this food or information.
About The yeast-leavened products. the only. with the following The following apply to the 100F/38C 85F/30C 100F 38C Lightly cover the dough of the below. the light to the below to 85F 30C. Press Press UPPER OVEN Press BREAD PROOF Press and to to to 85F Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to the or Each of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
About You to of heat and three each These light the when they or recalling. allow to cooking and cook the or instructions the selecting the or The below shows to cooking instruction the Press Press UPPER OVEN the cooking instructions the and options to and Press START Press and the MY FAVORITE seconds Press CANCEL* You hear and light the selected to that *If to the cooking instructions the Recalling Press Press UPPER OVEN Choose MY FAVORITE Press START Deleting/overwriting Once choose to overwrite existing Follow the instructions to choose the to overwrite and seconds. It to another. Choose of the to and the instructions the overwriting instructions.
Perfect allow to to of Each with cooking and cook when to cooking function. the the The following with Bake/conv Conv the to 350F to 500F 170F Press Press UPPER OVEN Press MULTI STAGE Press BAKE F Press START Press START Press BROIL F Press START Press START Press START of to and Press KEEP WARM F Press START Press START of to cooking immediately. Press START to with instructions. NOTES You CANCEL to clear the Press CANCEL to the
You input or input or directed to To to the to the cooking MULTI STAGE once. the below to the cooking and cook Press to Select cooking and cook Press START to back to the to other Press START to
This when the Sabbath/Holidays. This off tones or normally the BAKE and heating the only cooking features while the You first the BAKE and the upper/lower the COOK TIME option and the to the the displays. The COOK TIME option, to the the of COOK TIME The the factory Hour and the the cooking features If of the when the the or to the If the lights to them to the Once the light ON and the active, the light the turned off and the lights turned off. The the lights when the or closed. It recommended that within active followed with of the START This the ON to the of its If the of the the to the to the The the the only) Should or interruption the Sabbath/Holidays, the OFF. the back to the BAKE SF appear the indicating the food from the while the further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org
The below shows the to the Sabbath (and Press Press First the BAKE the UPPER or LOWER to Press and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release. Once properly the and appear the displays such the Sabbath Canceling The below shows to the Press and both the LO and HI together seconds sound) and release: cooking previously and the once NOTES The once the the the You the and once only). Choose and BAKE the to 550F) and START that the or further once the the
Perfect The cooking and The cooking foods such as and foods. the to cooked foods These features the cook KEEP CHILDREN AWAY FROM THE LOWER OVEN WHEN HOT. FAILURE TO DO SO CAN RESULT IN BURNS. food the or with to food from off. DO NOT LINE THE OVEN DRAWER WITH FOIL OR COVER THE OVEN RACK WITH FOIL. This to The height of foods and that the The to foods that to the recommended the enough to food and created from the cooking process. to cover food. the or surrounding and to clean. or instead. only and cookware the that recommended the when food from the The cookware/plates Should fire the and the OFF. If the fire fire extinguisher. or the fire. The when cooking or that the with the turned the This the and the food. with the with and type items should cooked the using the the of the this heat Repeated of the the increase cooking and cooking The cooking the slightly from the
the the to cook food items with cooking with the following with The following apply to the 350F/176C 170F 76C 450F 232C below to to immediately using the Press Press LOWER OVEN Press BAKE Press START Once START the heating. The shows PRE-HEATING. the reaches PRE- HEATING off and the ready. The to this the canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking precess. About the the to cooked foods using with food. heat food. with the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C If this to the FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. NOTE The when the self-cleaning or the active. If the ON and self-clean or attempted, the the with To or cook this started: from the necessary. Select the UPPER or LOWER to change. the or of or the or 2C). If cooking the cook or to the
the below to the to 190F 88C. Press Press LOWER OVEN Press KEEP WARM to increase the to 190F. Press START NOTE the to increase from the the to the You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. cleaning clean-up, the should cleaned as as the Clean each to build-up of and food cooking foods that cover the food with heat-proof or and to the and cleaning to DO NOT cleaners the cavity. selection the recommended chart below If food listed, the of 170F. If the or from the food. foods 170F. of foods to with and 170F. Recommended Food Food Item Heating 190F 190F 170F Soups (Cream) 170F 170F 170F 170F 150F 150F Plates with Food 150F 150F Breads/Pasteries 150F
Preferences Wave-Touch user The options The and every each Please the following instructions the Press and to USER PREF to through the Press or to options each Press or to increase or You the to input Press START to option or USER PREF to to the preference. Press CANCEL START NOTE to the clock (CLO) options while cooking or when the the below to the clock to Press Press USER PREF. or to to Press START to or CANCEL to clock (CLO) The clock allows to turn the clock or off. the below to the clock to OFF. Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or CLO off option Press START to or CANCEL to
or hour or C (F-C) The clock allows to choose and hour The factory clock hour. the below to the to hour. Press Press and to USER PREF reach the clock the to to the or option. Press START to Preferences the to and or The factory the below to the to Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to to the C option. Press START to or CANCEL to or
Preferences (ES) The factory built-in hour that off the the heating than hours and The to this the below to off hour Turning off Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the to to the or off option Press START to or CANCEL to (AUD) The allows choose of the You turn the off and to operating with the sounds and The preheat and cook to when to food and The factory the below when the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the the or to choose or to choose the off option Press START to or CANCEL to or
offset (UPO) factory and tested to the first follow and If too or too cool from the to The increased to +35F (+19C) or to -35F (-19C) from the below to the the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the lower. to to Press START to or CANCEL to To the higher the or Preferences (UPO) The increased +35F (+19C) or -35F (-19C) from the below to increase the the Press Press and to USER PREF reach the UPO Press to the higher. to to Press START to or CANCEL to To the the or
Preferences Factory (RST) You choose to factory This or that the below Press Press and to USER PREF reach the factory the or to to or the option to Press CANCEL to
chart The following chart through the Preference option option* clock Clock or hour F or C UPO UPO to factory Preferences Preferences
Self-Clean self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high that those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. to the following when the self-clean cleaners or protective coatings or around the clean the The of the should to or the cleaning the Leaving the DO NOT force the The locking the and These items withstand high cleaning MUST If they while attempting to self-clean the REMOVE RACKS The self-clean without first the racks. the cavity self-clean To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high Clean from the the the and the the front of the with and These heat sufficiently to allow food with high or (such as or to the they cleaning. the self-clean the of the become to the DO NOT the DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat distribution, and to the to the of the when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another
self-clean The choices self-cleaning the the or heavy The below shows the self-clean to immediately hour) Press and UPPER OVEN Press CLEAN MED or or heavy Press START the the The DOOR Once the the DOOR through the self-clean self-clean, the about to cool and this cooling the DOOR and indicating that the IMPORTANT The ANY turned ON. self-clean the the CONTROL LOCK turned If self-clean to completely cleaned. and the another self-clean self-clean You to to self-clean to hours The END TIME when the cleaning You to the END TIME to allow the type of choose hours). to the to enough and the to The below shows the hour) self-clean to oclock: Press and UPPER OVEN Press CLEAN Select LITE Press COOK OPTIONS Press END TIME Press START NOTES You CANCEL the cleaning process. the to the the DOOR off. If to self-clean to hours, the USER PREF to the (ES) to OFF and the clock (CLO) to Self-Clean
and Cleaning Cleaning Painted and Painted Chrome Decorative and cleaning instructions the section. Cleaning and cloth. with cloth. cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and cleaners of these they scratch. To to the OFF firmly and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the cleaning the to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean and dishcloth. with clean dishcloth. to from the cloth the when around the or around the to the cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean the with or cloth. with clean and with cloth. cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. cleaners the
Cleaning Cleaning and the Cleaning section. Cleaning and Cleaning Clean following instructions. with clean and to thoroughly the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or the to the cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the clean the The of Cleaning which should to or this
and Cleaning cleaning and cleaning to to using the first apply of the cleaning with with cloth or cleaning This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning become to or with rough or or scratch the or the cookware with or with cookware as or the foods directly the without heavy or the they to crack. cleaning the the to OFF and the COOL. light to Apply of CookTop Cleaning directly to the or type cleaning to the the cleaned thoroughly, heavy, Apply of CookTop Cleaning directly to the the using type cleaning applying as the to the other If with holding to the with cleaning and clean.
cleaning or foods with high These of immediately or the (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the (as illustrated). Allow the to cool, and the heavy or IMPORTANT to the type cleaning cleaning products that specifically cooktops. the following the cleaners and scouring such as and They scratch the to clean. cleaners, such as bleach, or cleaners, as they or the cloths or towels, as they or the which and C C and Cleaning the of the thin cooking or allow to the ANY The of than that of other when or the If allowed to the destroyed, or the permanently the
and Cleaning The with To burns, to the the completely cooled. IMPORTANT The when and the the the the Unlock both them and from the they If screwdriver to with the both of completing this to the whole of the while the of the with both the the to about inches and closing the The should release from the its own. evenly, slightly and both clear of the the to the with the of the the with the
The with To the the both below the positioning the with the the to to the to the the the of the to the and the and the the of the from that the the the to the With the the both the they both the and Cleaning
and Cleaning instructions IMPORTANT that Read the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should the Self-clean lights the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection or burns. The light located the of the cavity and both covered with shield. The shield whenever the the light Turn off the or the light shield as below. with T-4 type Please allow to the when replacing. This the of the to cover the when shield Turn back the (or the back The clock then to
light and light to OFF the and the cool completely. the from the phillips-head screwdriver the screws from the of the front With the front other to the from the the from the other of the With BOTH the and from the both cavity. the light with Watt light both and outward from cavity. the top of both the top of the both of the correctly with the the to the with both screw the phillips-head screwdriver the screws from the and Cleaning
to Common service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this Appliance enough to easily. Appliance service too or Incorrect the enough ON the that to heat The of The of first to the clock the Started section. the properly the cooking this or the instructions this or or light lights sections this or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX If or to the installation. of the of the appear clearance. or built too tightly. or to with Lightweight or used. only balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than warped and of the heating. heat lightweight heat unevenly, foods burn easily. correctly Service or authorized service house lights to service.
properly. Follow instructions or this from or amounts of grease the If or About the section. F10, F11, F13, F14, F15, F20, F23, F25, F30, F31 or F90) displays E11, E13 or E14) to Common or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX to Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat the Preheat the Meat properly from to curling, grease the with to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food or Press CANCEL to clear the the or If the supply to and then the and clock the of the or If the and service. or If the to and then the and clock of the If the and service.
to Common Scratches or Coarse such as or and scratches. and of scratches cooking and become with the or of cleaning to the Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. or cooked to Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. of with from and food. cleaning cookware with clean, factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the Preferences section of this or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX Cleaning used. Cleaning and the and Cleaning section of this with rough used. smooth, cookware.
Notes
Notes
Appliance Warranty Information covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first from of purchase. and to repaired the home. including, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACE- MENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MER- CHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSE- QUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or illustrated to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Terry L5V 3E4