From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the INSTRUCTION BOOK
from AEG Dear Customer, Congratulations with It that become with the functions and of the You should therefore these operating instructions as they the of to sections These warning to the operating instructions. They there something about, and should the to owner. The of the operating instructions to them as reference The first of the operating instructions of Then follows introduction of the things to the the first The section to the life. this section with The section Cleaning and information both and thorough cleaning of the of the Should when the the section service, where there instructions to and technical yourself.
the information of the instructions cover......................................................................................... (A) Thermo (B) Cleaning and Splashguard The Cleaning of Service the Mounting Technical to the operating instructions: information Table of and information
information These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. authorised the specifications or to the The cooking only. It that the the OFF when the AEG Service Telephone or the the while or heating and or this the vicinity of this while operation. Where this or as heater The or infirm without Child should to that they with the The when Children should the cooled. and Cleaning this with the instructions this
Sympton: There when lighting the the operating released the The burns unevenly? of the following to operation and servicing: Yellow of Sooting of cooking properly failing to alight which to turn. Service whether the The ground relay switched off. The The operating enough, or sufficiently. the cover correctly, cleaning. If service AEG Service Telephone Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs only authorised AEG Service Telephone the off the of and authorised The of The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
of the of of NG: AUS/NZL: to LPG LPG: with AS4551 (AG101) Australian Appliances. supply AC, 0,1A Ignition= VA FSD The features fully-secured (thermo-fuse) Technical reduction This the EEC- reduction. Width: Depth: Product Width: Depth: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE CONNECTED TO AN EARTHED GENERAL PURPOSE OUTLET.
The should with and detecting high and the of the when used. with the please the the of operation. If the to correctly to the authorised service The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top ceramic-top The operating showing the of and instructions
cover/burner Together with the the cover where the of and to the correctly. Please It that the cover/ring correctly the The with the and the thermo If the cover/ring the incorrectly, and the within of (A) The with as the operating depressed, the that the and the cover. Thermo (B) The fully-secured (thermo-fuse) the the thermo seconds seconds). allowed while the operation cover Correct (A) (B) This with and The of located the and the of the the to readily switched outlet which to the THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE CONNECTED TO AN EARTHED GENERAL PURPOSE OUTLET.
Universal LPG the to the of the that The should the screw to screwed the locking from the The supply to the the located the LPG This should to of the with the and operating of Hose If the to using hose assembly, then The hose AGA to AS/NZS as or D, and with of AS (AG The the and the hose with the Typical LPG B2004 The which of with cooking with the of the than
and the the the to The and when the of and correct, the ignited. to the to match to the the the seconds to the thermo Fixing the to the the to the the of Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. the the to top with ordinary screwdriver. The factory the with the to the The location of the the right of the and from the back of the The of the thread and the the should with the and operating LPG the to first using the and instructions with the
within from the of height of the of the the hotplate least the top of the and within the top of of from the top of the the hotplate. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, If the to as then the of the shoul the of the Mounting of Beams Beam, with each included with each two-burner combinations, each It to the to the as specially moulding, which incorporated the to to back beams Cleaning and reasons of and the cooking clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off.
cleaning with slightly cloth. clean the the of the finish. To that the its recommended that polishing the of the or other cleaning Cleaning of Clean the and the as as and with ordinary cleansing scouring Brillo or other scouring or painted to If the of the head the with lint-free cloth the turned and thoroughly off the that the permanently the or This authorised This with the instructions, building AS5601 (AG601) Australian Installations and other The located the of the to the to to the This and LPG, that the supply matches the with AS5601 (AG601) installations. the should combustion of and to of surroundings within Location Choose location free of and and clear of or other fire The location should of operation and service. Mounting