and Instructions
Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the instructions to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Assignment of heat the Selecting the heat To switch the and off cooking and of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions Assembly Plate Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions Please comply with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of food. The as or as Additions or to the permitted. or highly or plastic, or the Child from the children the The only and connected trained, service or they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and from the supply to the of shock.. Repairs to the trained service
and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning permitted. How to to the The The of the the cookware. of or with bot- toms scratch the the that and things that the and should straightaway. the cooking with cookware or without cook-
of the Appliance cooking 750/2200W Assignment of cooking cooking 1800W 1200W cooking heat 1200W
The cooking anywhere and heat The heat lights as as the cooking of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to the heat heat and food lowest highest cooking
the cooking switched This of cooking and the function or the of the Selecting the heat water/searing food, high heat as or the or heat To the cooking process, to the To switch the and off switching the or off, the effective heating matched to the of the cookware. the switched the switched To switch Turn clockwise, as as To switch off Turn to the Heat clockwise To increase To reduce switch off switch Switch Turn anti-clockwise to the heat
cooking and Information about According to the research, of food, products containing starch, health to Therefore cooking and foods too You cookware from the of the The should as thick and as of or with or bot- toms the which or to cookware the cook- switched If the Switch cooking off the of the cooking to of heat. of and cooking should the
of cooking The information the following only. Heat Steaming Tips/Hints food cooked foods as with and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming meat Steaming of food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) fry- of cooking searing meat (goulash, Turn through as cooking least as as through cooking With of to Turn through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. the Sharp and cleaning the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. the the the the the with cloth and the using cloth. of food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased shops, the of Service Force or from www.shop.electrolux.co.uk with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the when the cooled
What to The cooking functioning. The heat If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The heat The the houses tripped. The cooking and therefore the heat the If the of please thorised If the cooking to Service Force
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to followed regulations, recycling ance with the The to other to with protective board directly the The of the top to protected The the to the top with The the to the top with the and the top. the to and Other- cookware off the when and win- WARNING! of from The schematic. anti-shock protection through fied The to the fied IMPORTANT! of from and and the overheat. the correctedly the of single-phase or two-phase the ate of type H05BB-F (or higher) used. If this (type H05BB-F or higher). The from the Customer
the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and UK only: 230V...240V~
Assembly
Plate
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 098-A-190105-01