Instructions
customer, Please these operating instructions through please the Safety section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the The and/or Warning! to highlight information that or the function of the It that this information This through the of the ance. Next to this information and the and information about the and of the with the clover. the of malfunction, these operating instructions information to rectify yourself, the What to section. If further please AEG Service Force the section Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
CONTENTS Instructions The of Appliance Appliance selection Heat Heat Heat selection and and switch the switch the First Cleaning the first of the TOUCH CONTROL buttons Switching the Switching off the with the function without the function the and cooking with and without the function Cleaning and Stubborn
What to Service and Customer Conditions Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives and Connecting
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The aspects of this comply with the accepted technical and the Appliance as to of the following information. The and connected fied to the instructions and to the British Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that to the should repairs or function. If please AEG Service Force If malfunctions, or cracks or splits appear: switch off cooking the from the electricity supply. Child The cooking become when cook. Therefore, children The to operated allow to or with the This only cooking and the It or the to heat the when the Connecting leads with the Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should cooking when foods or chips). Switch the cooking off
Cleaning reasons clean the with or high cleaner. Clean the with the and cleaning instructions this to to Appliance the as or the cooking with or without to shock and however and the cooking they or with that rough or burred. Scratching when the the Scratching or the that containing or with the otherwise appear. If or containing with cooking and then the immediately whilst If to the items and that from the plastics, or If something of this should the immediately using the If to of please the tions. The the and the cooking
of The plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer and the >PS< as the free of CFCs. The from of Please of with to and the Warning! of them from the off the Information The of the household You information about or from refuse or
The of Appliance The of Appliance the VITRAMIC cooking of and heating cooking The heater significantly the amount of the to heat operated using TOUCH CONTROL buttons. Cleaning the of cooking and the buttons their ease of cleaning. cloth often cleaning. Cleaning and the The On/ the electricity supply to the to switched off the of displays and information the heat chosen, the that activated, and heat the cooking the with The completely this this to the prevented. Function with cally function four cooking The built-in function switches from the heat to the heat selected further cook- Switch switch switches off the cooking when to the of the heat which food Heat the the cooking sufficiently to burns.
Appliance rear right: front front right: Heat Selection and Selection with Appliance On/Off and
Appliance switching the The switched when the touched second, switched off when the touched second. the switched least of the Heat Heat displays illuminated. selection choosing the cooking which the to The the field of the cooking selected. Heat Heat The four that assigned to the four cooking switching and when switched off the function, to the heat chosen, when the function active, the of heat, the of Heat Heat Selection Heat Heat Heat Selection and On/Off with
Heat selection and or the heat to the selected cooking The heat increased the and the function activated. The heat lowered using the and o To the to the the seconds. The touching the seconds. The as The when the locked. Appliance
switch switch If, of of the switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. or appears the displays of the that switched The switched off Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours the switch To release the switch cooking switched switch the off and the The cooking then ready appears the when there heat
the First Cleaning the first the cooking with cloth to from cleaners! The of the TOUCH CONTROL buttons To the TOUCH CONTROL buttons, the the or extinguishes, or the function the the reached. confirmed acoustic Switching the Switch the the The Heat Heat the On/Off operated to switch of the cooking selected the cooking selection buttons within seconds. the ance switches off reasons. Switching off the the On/Off to completely switch off the the cooking or the cooking switched off, the of heat indicated (as the Heat Heat of the respective cooking If cooking switched off, the switches off matically of the
of the with the function four the heat and with function. lowest heat highest heat function. the heat that the once the the cooking operates of function) and then switches back to the heat selected further The of the the chosen further cooking once the Select the cooking using the cooking buttons. The the associated Press the the heat to reached. The cooking chosen then displayed. seconds, appears instead of the cooking The cooking the of the Heat Heat Selection Heat Heat Heat selection and On/Off with
If higher when the function tion, from to the account. If then the function brought to If cooking cooking that the function the heat. This and Switching off cooking Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Press the and buttons to switch off. without the function If to the cooking without the function, then the heat with the Select high as to or the back to the heat further cook- Switch the and the the cooking selection buttons. The the associated Press the to the heat to The Heat Heat field the cooking the You the heat using the and tons, as as the cooking selected. Switching off cooking Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Press the and to switch off. If to switch cooking which there food that already should choose the heat the this the food cooked the function. of the
of the the At the cooking process, the locked, with the of the On/Off this to the This function as Touch the o the To the the extinguishes. Child If, the active when the cooking completely switched off touching the when the cook- switched the active. This that the operated first, the switched
and The the the the You the of the The should as thick and as Rough scratch the cooking when high with of that nothing that the the of the cooking and covers the heated/marked The and then scratch the when and with and burrs scratch. You the following the function cooking and Frying the and frying The and cooking should the cooking and the cooking and increase electricity Switch the cooking off cooking finished to the heat. reduced to when used. and retained. and
and You the.... too too ted properly cooking with and without the function The function that off cold, heated high and to watched when that The function and that turning correctly, and then cooked, with amounts of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (using the and then the to cooking heat You the heat food of the when initially the You then which heat the dishes" the accustomed to with You then to the of the function and ease with cooking
Typical Heat The the following only. Exactly which heat to the of the and the type and of the food. and Frying Switch cooking without the function, the selected as Frying of amounts of meat, Warming Browning Frying of Frying Steam and of and based Steaming food and
Cleaning and Cleaning and cooking It to the cooking each cleaners such scouring cleaners or cleaners that scratch. the cooking each cloth and Then the cooking with cloth. of the Clean the cooking thoroughly once cleaning Stahl-Fixor Then the cooking with and with cloth. that of the the cooking the recommended cleaners.
Stubborn from food that First these cloth and then when Then clean the with the recommended cleaners. Warning! burnt or immediately when otherwise caused to the Then the cooking normally. from or food containing polishing the cooking with Cleaning and
Cleaning and coloured and food from that cooking when the cooking the cleaners and If necessary, than once. or the they the of that the cooking scratching when Therefore that of the cooking If cleaners or with used, then the appearance and appear You cleaners and as as from AEG Service Force
What to caused operating which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions the Warning! Repairs to the should service repairs or malfunction. If please AEG Service Force What to the cooking whether the intact. If the please that the correctly connected and switched the the cooking switched the cooking to the heat cooking section: the cooking switched off the switch section: the cooking switched whether the section: the than seconds operating the On/Off and switching the section: Switching the Appliance). the switches partially covered cloth or What to
What to the cooking heat though the displays whether activated To this that the switched off and that the locked. Then as follows: Switch Within seconds, the following buttons of second: o cooking selection front cooking selection switch, the buttons released, tone sounds as confirmation. Press the tone sounds as confirmation. cooking ready the to or heat? whether the On/Off operated the switches covered cloth, or there the switch activated. switching off the cooking heat appears the whether the cooking and therefore enough. If the cooking AEG service. cooking switched off? whether the switches covered cloth or the activated. cooking switched whether the activated.
shown the whether that too the cooking the cooking overheated. If cooking and the the cooking too appears the This displayed the of overheating, the or If to these or to rectify caused incorrect or installation, the What to
What to SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force phoning routed to the Service covering Please that the section What to as the charge the mechanical or the warranty. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Telephone Clear and of the and of the *This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street SLI ID2
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK What to
Technical INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS This to the instructions and to the Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Technical Appliance Height Corner R3 cooking Rear cooking Rear right cooking right cooking Heater
Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN of the of household and and DIN of of the household. EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE of (EMC) This with the following EC 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive, including Directive 92/31/EWG). Regulations, Directives
and Connecting and Connecting The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the cover that The or coverings around the with heat C). If cover- or the sufficiently then the covering or of fire protection, the to type (EN this type of built with high or The cooking heat protective permanently The from the to the of the cooking least The of the coated with The cooking built-in such that the TOUCH CONTROL the front
protection to sealed with On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action that the correctly seated the and that seated the without Additional applied, this the of the service. To the from below. and Connecting
and Connecting
Assembly and of the Please this instruction, otherwise the cover that Attention! the to the cooking the obtained from AEG Service Force to included the that to isolate the from the with of isolation (screw type to from the earth and the with the and Connecting
and Connecting
and Connecting
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG ANC