INSTRUCTION- AND INSTALLATION BOOK GB
New Appliance purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to the functions of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ
to the operating instructions: information and information
These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. the specifications or to the The cooking only. It that the the OFF when the AEG Service or the the while or heating and Child Young allowed to with the or with the The when Children should the cooled. and Cleaning this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs AEG Service the off the of and authorised
The of
each operating which with the front back Right back Right front Each operating showing the of
ring/outer Together with the the outer where the of and the correctly. Please It that the ring/outer correctly, together with the cover. of the If the cover/rings incorrectly the correctly, and the within of It that the correctly. (A) The with as the operating depressed, the that the and the cover. Thermo (B) The fully-secured (thermo-couple) the the thermo seconds seconds). while the operation (A) Thermo (B)
and the the to the to The and when the of and correct, the ignited. If to the to match to the the the seconds to the thermo-couple (thermo ready). The and
reasons of and the cooking clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. Splashguard The splashguard to to clean the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off.
cleaning with slightly cloth. the the of the finish. To that the its recommended that polishing the of the or other cleaning The Immediately off caused food which containing and while the If the allowed to cool become the should with cloth with follow these with the that the cooled cleaning such as the bottle and apply of to the the with cloth or towel. Tough the with towel. off cleaning with cloth. with cloth, required. that the when heat heated while immediately, while the using plastic, or containing including as these and craters the cleaning, thoroughly with the cleaning with the Defects the which related to the covered the warranty. Warning: and should to The should
The The operating with and covers/rings to cleaned with ordinary cleaning of scouring If the this should the with cloth.
and Yellow/Green: 1N PE L1 HO5V2V2-F
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of required. If of and of effective of required, while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the This to the British CORGI The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this
to the supply should with or or The should to RC BSP thread). the that thorough the and that the the It to the correctly, with the shoulder the of the thread, to the to to assembly of The should
to this to these instructions The mounted type of with whose thickness and The to shelves or tops of the to least Fixing Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. Tighten the to the top with ordinary screwdriver. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, each
It to the to the as specially which incorporated the tops with If the to top of mounted the board). with The board mounted as shown the This the from extinguished the of the If the back of the of thin to reinforced. This the the
the Combined with If the directly the plate The included the this The from This combined with AEG with of
The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top ceramic-top of mounting half-or which thicker than to notch both of the as shown the The of these notches to the
with cooking authorised technical The the of the The thread If the to connected to with the optional necessary. The should
If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, the Sympton: There when lighting the the operating released the The burns If these correctly, AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service connected to the electricity supply. the and necessery. The operating enough, or sufficiently. the cover correctly, cleaning.
the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering should that the recommended the heading "Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction Should repairs the purchaser inform the AEG Service Force AEG the right to the of the customer's of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser's rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country.
please Customer below, to them of They then that the service of and to and UK