and Instructions 67670KF-N induction
Dear Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the instructions to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Touch heat the Switching the and off Selecting the heat Switching the and off. Switching the STOP+GO function and off. the function the the Switching the function and off the cooking and induction cooking of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions Assembly Plate Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions Please with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of The as or as Additions or to the or or plastic, or near the Child children from the children the The only and connected trained, service only they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and from the supply to the of shock.. Repairs to the trained service
and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each with implanted should their least from induction cooking that switched of burns! of such as and the cooking as they when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning to to the The The of the the cookware. of or with bot- toms scratch the the that and things that the and should straightaway. the cooking with cookware or without cook- The of the and front of the covered.
of the Appliance Induction cooking 2300W with function 3200W function function On/Off with cooking 1500/2400W 1200W Heat selection STOP+GO Induction cooking 1400W with function 1800W On/Off light
The operated Touch Functions touching and displays and acoustic Touch the from without covering other TIMER selection field Function On Switches and off Increase Increasing heat Decrease Decreasing heat the Switching the function and off Stop+Go To switch the on/off To switch the and off
switched off function Heat Heat Heating function Malfunction occurred or too or cookware the cooking heat Child Lock/child function switched activated heat Warning! of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food The induction cooking the heat cooking rectly the of the cookware. The heated the heat of the cookware. The cooling switches and off the of the Intermediate heat function activated
the the induction with cookware. Switching the and off Switch Touch seconds lights Switch off switching within seconds heat or tion otherwise the switches off. Selecting the heat Increase Touch to Decrease Touch to Switch off Touch and the The and The or It to food Switching the and off With the the heating matched to the of the cookware. seconds. To switch Touch To switch off Touch seconds. light
Switching the STOP+GO function and off The STOP+GO function switches cooking that switched to the and then back to the heat that This function to and then the cooking to telephone To switch To switch off STOP+GO. STOP+GO the whole the field the function cooking with function. The function the cooking to the highest of and then switches back to the cooking that originally the to to the cooking If the higher heat selected, from to the If there heat the the Touch STOP+GO Touch STOP+GO heat that ously function) seconds
The of that the function operates the heat selected. Heat the The with the of the field, to the the with cloth. Switch Touch seconds) Switch off Touch previously heat switch the off, the locking function cally switched off. of the of the induction
the The of the the child Switch the heat Touch the sounds Acoustic Touch Appliance switches off. The Releasing the child Switch the Touch the sounds Acoustic Touch Appliance switches off. The child released. the child The released this cooking activated Switch the Touch and the acoustic the switched off, as
Switching the function and off The function to the induction cooking to of to the The function activated that the induc- tion cooking switches back to heat Switch Touch Switch off The cooking to them. If this switching the function, reduces the heat of another cooking The this ternates the heat and the heat Thereaf- the heat displayed. cooking switched heat with If the function the cooking switch back to the heat previously. Touch Other cooking heat heat
the cooking each of the the heat acoustic flashes switches off Countdown cooking acoustic flashes If cooking switched off, the function switched off. If heat this cooking to countdown the cooking switched off the Selecting Touch TIMER once light of the first cooking flashes Touch TIMER once light of the cooking flashes Touch TIMER once light of the third cooking flashes Touch TIMER once light of the fourth cooking flashes If the light flashing slowly, the heat or If other seconds the shortest of the functions and the light flashes. Function Condition the
the field TIMER Select cook- or the lected seconds the light flashes slowly. The The counts Switching off the function field TIMER Select cook- Touch the cooking select- The light The function the selected cooking switched off. light of the cooking select- flashes to light of the cooking select- flashes The displayed The counts to
the field TIMER Select cook- Touch or the cooking lected seconds the light flashes slowly. The The counts the cooking TIMER cooking seconds the light flashes slowly. Switching off the acoustic field Acoustic Touch TIMER Acoustic to acknowledge. Acoustic light of the cooking select- flashes The displayed to light of the cooking select- flashes The displayed
If switching the cooking heat cooking within seconds, the cooking matically switches off. If or covered than seconds, sounds and the cooking switches off automatically. If cooking switched off, the cooking cally switches off seconds. cloth) or the immediately switches cooking off. Induction cooking the of overheating when the cooking switches off. displayed. the cooking to and allowed to cool If cookware that used, flashes the and the the cooking switches off. cooking If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. Heat Switches off hours V, hours hours hours
cooking and frying Information about According to the research, of food, products containing health to Therefore and foods too You cookware from the of the The should as thick and as of or with or bot- toms the which or to induction cooking the induction cooking as the of induction, heated induction cooking to heat within seconds. to the of the cookware. cookware when induction cook- These the and operation of
Induction cooking to the of the cook- to the of the cookware the of the cooking The cookware the cooking cookware the cooking switched If the cookware.
of The information the following only. Heat Steaming The function heating of Tips/Hints food cooked foods as Cover with and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming meat Steaming of food, and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) Searing fry- of cooking searing meat (goulash, Turn through as cooking least as as through cooking With of to Turn through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. and cleaning the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. the the the the the with cloth and the cloth. of food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased the of Service Force or from www.shop.electrolux.co.uk with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the when the using cooled scraper*
What to The cooking switch or tioning The heat The function switching Repeated acoustic switches off switching heat More than seconds the switched The switched Switch off the the section locking the The switched Several touched the The partly covered cloth or with STOP+GO activated Switching off STOP+GO The cooking and therefore There heat the The highest heat One or covered than seconds the of this cooking Switch the Deactivate the the section Child field the cloth or the Switch the Switch the If the cooking to Service Force the cooking cool The highest heat the as the tion Uncover field the section Switching the function and off
flashes cookware cookware Overheating protection the cooking and played If to the following the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty cookware the cook- The of the bot- of the cookware too the cooking the from the supply the of the houses If switching displayed the service cookware the cooking cook- cookware Switch off the cooking Switch the cooking
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling ance with the The to other to with protective board directly the The of the top to protected The the to the top with building the of the from and from dishwasher or the to and Other- cookware off the when and win- WARNING! of from The schematic. anti-shock protection through fied The connected to the supply fied IMPORTANT! of from and and the overheat. the correctedly the of single-phase or two-phase the ate of type H05BB-F (or higher) used. If this (type H05BB-F or higher). The from the Customer
the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and UK only: 230V...240V~
Sticking the Clean the the of the section. the the round the of the cooking the of the stretch The should the of to the another.
Assembly
Plate
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 846-B-020305-03