and Instructions KF-MN
Dear Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the user instructions to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance and displays function the cooking the Touch field Switching the Switching off the Heat selecting Switching the and off Switching the and off STOP+GO function. Switching off cooking Heat the function. without the function. Child and cooking with and without the Cleaning and What to Rectifying Instructions of the Assembly Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions Please comply with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of food. The as or as Additions or to the Child children from the children the The and connected trained, service they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and disconnected from the supply. Repairs to the only trained service
and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning to to the The The of the the cookware. of or with bot- toms scratch the the that and things that the and should straightaway. the cooking with cookware or without cook-
of the Appliance and cooking 1200W 2300W field with On/Off Three-ring Three-ring 2200W cooking 1800W Stop+Go Browning heat heat Heat selection
displays The four that to the four cooking switched when selected, to the cooking selected, to (with intermediate cooking when the function operation, when there warmth, when the switched when there malfunction function the cooking If of the cooking switched off of or the cooking that cooking switch off. indicated with (as the displays to the cooking The cooking switch themselves off when: Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Should or switch themselves off the of indicated the chapter What to Other cooking switching off cooking immediately switch themselves off and the The thing cloth the both instances, the or cloth the to switched using the switch
the Touch field To the Touch field from the field the displays or or the function Switching the The switched the On/Off Touch the On/Off seconds. The displays the On/Off to switch cooking selected cooking within seconds, or the function). If the switch off reasons related to
Switching off the To completely switch off the the On/Off Touch the On/Off second. switching off cooking or the cooking the existing the displays of the cooking the of Heat selecting and the heat to the selected cooking the heat the heat the heat the heat Each of the the heat to the
Switching the and off According to the of the or frying when using the cooking switch from cooking to cooking using the You only switch to the heat already the heating the heat Touch the This switch the to the heating The
Touch the to the outer heating The To switch off the outer heating the and the heating that the switch off.
Switching the and off the heat To switch the or off, the field the light or off.
STOP+GO function the Stop+Go cooking that switched switched to the The light the Stop+Go The indicated the with the Stop+Go the that previously selected and the light The the Stop+Go function. If function selected the heating this the Stop+Go function, and the ously selected actuating the Stop+Go Switching off cooking To switch off the heat and or the to using the heat
Heat cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking the cooking switched off, the heat only when the cooking cold. You the heat and food as the heat illuminated, there of burns. If the supply the and information about heat to yourself. This around the the function of the cooking four cooking to of and with tion: heat highest heat function. the heat the heat the cooking of and then switch back to the follow-on heat that The of that the function operates the follow-on heat selected. Touch the heat to the heat from to The heat that then displayed. of seconds, the function) appear the of the heat
the finished, the heat once displayed. If should choose higher heat while the tion operation, from to the of that the function accordingly. If the immediately. You cook the function the cook- or If cooking already when switch the function used. without the function If to the cooking without the function, the heat the heat Touch the heat to the heat from to You the using the heat and
Child You the child to of the cooking Switching the To to switch the child the switched the switched off. Touch the three seconds. acoustic sound as confirmation. Touch heat field appear the displays, and the child activated. The switch off seconds.
the child The to the the switched off the switched the child activated once Switch the the child activated, displayed. Touch heat and acoustic sound as confirmation. The child the switched off, and the cook- as
Switching off the Switch the the child activated, displayed. the field three seconds. acoustic sound as confirmation. Touch heat field The displays become and the switched off. The switch off
There to the as function cooking cooking and this the cally switch off. This function than cooking as countdown without function whereby acoustic heard the of The countdown cooking switched The cooking which to the tion switched the the cooking which the to touching the once the first active cooking selected clockwise and the the to the cooking appear the The active cooking selected touching the
While the flashing the or to the of this cooking the where switches off The function activated The and the cooking shown the as If the function than cooking the played that the cooking with the shortest of cooking The the other cooking which the function To the cooking of these cooking selected the and the then To the cooking the cooking selected using the The then The the or the of cooking the cooking tomatically switches off, acoustic sounds and the flashes To switch off the the To the of the or the reached. If the first, the and the first, the
Switching off the function to There to switch off the function to Switch off the cooking and the heat the cook- to the cooking and switch themselves off. Switch off the the cooking active Select the cooking using the The then the the to the switch off. the cooking operation. Countdown To to the countdown the switched the cooking switched off. the shown the the of the or The countdown function activated and the displayed. To the the and the the or the the of acoustic sounds and the flashes To switch off the the
and You their bases. The should as thick and as when to the of the base. often only the of the with or the which or to or with rough, burred or base. This scratching the the cold, slightly They should outwards If to of please the instructions. and switching the cooking tion the and to cover completely. Switch off the the of the cooking to the heat such as to foods or The of the should the as the cooking
cooking with and without The function that off cold, heated high and to watched when cooking the selected heat that The function goulash, and that turning correctly, and then cooked, with amounts of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (using the and then the to cooking heat of the when first the You then which heat the the accustomed to with You then the of the tion and about using
the The the following The switch cooking the of the and the type and amount of food. Switch cooking without the function the selected. or food that the ance to and then, food which cooking switch to the follow heat to cooking the food. tion browns, Frying to Steaming Steaming and of amounts of and Warming amounts of searing meat, goulash, meat) Warming Frying fry-
Cleaning and of burns from heat. the cool and cleaning the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. the the the the the with cloth and the cloth. of food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the when the cooled
Warning! or the cooking otherwise cleaning the as otherwise these possibly become with cloth and with cloth. off and What to Rectifying It that caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! to the to service Improperly effected repairs to the If please or Service Force If the please the the when contacting service. What to the cooking functioning. whether the the house intact. If the of please authorised the properly switched the the the cooking switched the cooking the the cooking switchoff function activated Safety chapter).
switch the whether of than seconds when the On/ and the cooking switches chapter Switching the the covered cloth or the warmth. whether the On/Off actuated. the covered cloth, or the switchoff function activated. switched off the cooking indicated the whether the cooking and therefore become enough. If the cooking please service. cooking switch off. whether the switches partially covered cloth or the Stop+Go function switched cooking switch whether the child the Stop+Go function switched the illuminated? whether the cooking overheated. This the of overheating, the or reasons related to the when actuated. The to touching another that of If from service of operating the from service free of charge the warranty
The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling ance with the only The to other to with protective board directly the The of the top to protected using The the to the top with the and the top. the to and Other- cookware off the when and win- WARNING! of from The schematic. anti-shock protection through fied The connected to the supply fied IMPORTANT! of from and and the overheat. the correctedly the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and
Appliance of the Clean the the of the section. the one-sided self-adhesive the round the of the cooking the outer of the stretch The should the of it to the another.
Assembly
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and cally, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service and If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 722-A-280104-01