Instructions GB PERFECT IN FORM AND FUNCTION
Information You MUST these or the If Customer This to the instructions and to the CORGI the that the and supply with the type stated the rating located the supply to the Child This to operated allow to or with the The when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the This cooking only. It or cooking heat and the which there supply, or with the of the should or increasing the
this with the with the the OFF when other the with the of the Unstable or should the as or the when cooking with and or the Perishable food, items and affected heat and should or below the Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the this instruction reference and to owner. These instructions whose shown the cover of this instruction and the
Instructions the Information of the and Cleaning Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Building Commissioning Conversion from to LPG to the instructions The following found the to throughout the Instructions instructions and Information This to the following EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC EEC, edition.
of the Top Auxiliary crown) INSTALLATION CORGI and with existing and The instructions to found the section of this Please, that, once the easily the the of breakdown. WHEN THE HOB IS FIRST INSTALLED Once the to protective which the factory.
To light the and to ignition, the about seconds This allow the "thermocouple" C) to heated and the to switched off, otherwise the supply would interrupted. Then the as required. If the the to and Each with light which lights to the heat that with the switching the or the to activated automatically. To efficiency, should only and with the of the (Auxiliary) as the that the If which than the recommended the the of the causing the to overheat. when food or as the overheated splashes easily If the become to turn, please Service Force C Thermocouple
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The cleaned whilst as easily than to cool. The Top the top cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; non-stick removers. Should the top become heavily the following recommended: cleaner; other Brite or If scratches or cracks noticed, the from the supply and Service Force Supports To the the they mounted located the back of the cleaning the the properly as shown The dishwasher proof. If them hand, when them as the rough If necessary, using cleaner. The The and crowns cleaning. The and crown of each with screws. To the the then the fixing screws as shown cleaning, reassemble the and the its the the and crowns FO2265
using and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth. The obtained through and B). these clean, to and that the crown obstructed. Something Not Working? If the correctly, please the following Service Force SYMPTOM There when lighting the The burns If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. SOLUTION that the and the supply switched that the RCCB tripped fitted) the the and crown correctly, cleaning. the and the crown clear of food the and crown correctly, cleaning.
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following information: and Clear and of the The and the rating the back of this instruction of purchase Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, Customer or telephone the below or to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Instructions the technical Width: Depth: Width: Depth: RC inch inch Rear right 230-240V supply, with rewireable with HT BF 230-240V YA T120 TYPE OF GAS NATURAL GAS VALUE MJ/ LPG GAS VALUE BURNER ULTRA-RAPID SEMI-RAPID AUXILIARY crown) POSITION MAX MIN MAX MIN MAX MIN NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE Aeration Heat crown) BTU/HR) L.P.G. BTU/HR) BTU/HR) BTU/HR) Appliance Appliance II2H3+ supply G20 Instructions the
Instructions the This with the and Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). contained the following B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of required. If of and of effective of required, while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the Location The located or bathroom, shower or the the that there of the of the and the of the of the and or walls. The the with the of the If below of from the of the The directly the CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE GAS HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE FO FO
This to the British CORGI The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this On the of the which includes the GJ threaded that the washer the as shown the Screw the together without using force. to the supply should with or or The should to RC BSP thread). the that thorough the and installation. that the the It to the correctly, with the shoulder the of the thread, to the to the assembly of FO Instructions the FO
Instructions the The of the the Building Building or If the to or to heat below the of the the of the It recommended to the to the as shown and FO
FLEX OUTLET FO FO Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the ON/OFF SWITCH FO Instructions the ON/OFF SWITCH FLEX OUTLET
Instructions the the to the the the to the of the It that this to the the below. the the and crowns and the the this operation. the around the top as shown the the and the top and the top as shown FO FO
to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to connected to 230-240V AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the of the attached the back cover of this The with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth the and (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. the of to the ASTA (BS used. off serious (shock) that the off of FO Instructions the
Instructions the the of that switch the and the electricity with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth that the supply with with higher than C. of the The of the to the of type "Y". This that its the of technician. this H05RR-F, H05 V2V2-F (T90) or H05 BB-F used. The section to the and the The yellow/green earth approximately than the phase wires. IGNITOR SWITCHES IGNITOR UNIT LED POWER INDICATORS
START and A: Earth Continuity NO YES blown? NO YES faulty. Rectify Carry C: Polarity PLUG (with cover Earth and B: Insulation Rectify including as necessary. FUSE Instructions the Carry D: to Earth Electricity supply should satisfactory. SOCKET
Instructions the A. EARTH CONTINUITY CHECK Appliance electrically and necessary. leads from earth to earth should than earth wires continuity and clean and tight. B. INSULATION CHECK Appliance electrically disconnected, switches ON. leads from to If reads then there with leads from to E. If reads than (infinity) there NOTE Should found that the indicated continuity and each to the It that as of burning/arcing found inspection should of burning around the
top and polarity and earth of supply earth of from 'N' the and "O" the from 'L' the and the switches from switches to YES NO supply Light manually of of the from the of each to the terminals to the the insulation of the HT leads Instructions the the switches the
Instructions the Commissioning the to the To this, follow the below. Turn the to the MAX and the to the MIN then the from MIN to MAX If the or extinguished follow the below. Procedure: the and to MIN. the To thin screwdriver and the screw the steady and extinguish, when the turned from MIN to MAX. this Testing hand and front and crown. the injector. Turn the supply and another supply. The reading should and and Turn off the screw
Conversion from to LPG It to that this with with or the and the to that the the 'OFF' the from the electricity supply crowns and With the of the then and the LPG injectors. To the With the of thin screwdriver completely the screw. the rating plate the of the IMPORTANT The of the should Instructions the
AEG D-90327 From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl