instructions GB IE 79902G
The The features of offers functions that distinguish from of Touch to the functions touching them with to reignition of the the extinguished. heat to that the and the Children to the from operated. shutdown to off the once of or
the The of of the instructions How to light to turn off of of extinguishing How to off the once Cut-off Function Cut-off Function..................................................................................................11 Protection overheating Child Function The to to switch off to the Function and Table Cleaning and Something Service and Customer Conditions the Instructions the Conversion to LPG Building
This easy to Nevertheless, to this or using the the first This allow to performance, the and the If Customer This and serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to Installations I.S.813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. of the and to the supply QUALIFIED PERSONNEL. intervention, the DISCONNECTED from the supply. that freely around the of that the and with the type stated the rating located below the front of the top. This connected to combustion products It and connected with installation to the regulations cooking heat and the which there supply, or cooker with the the should or increasing the the the and that the the the The should these Child This to operated allow to or with the It highly recommended to the child function every the operated. The and switched off. The with the heat chapter to light Children should from the cooled and the heat off. This instruction with the reference. If the or to another the to the This cooking only. It or It to or to the characteristics of this
the clean. Food increase the of fire. This cleaned with or with cleaning of malfunctions, to the own. Repairs and to the of this chapter Something If the information required, the Service Force Servicing of this authorised Service the the ON/OFF and the off. Then, the touching the other the with the of this cooking Inform ation the and Please to the the or worthless Through the of recycled. about the of from specialised or from Council. of off the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the to the instructions The following found the text to throughout the Instructions: Instructions instructions and Information These instructions countries whose the cover of the instruction and the
of the Rear right Child ON/OFF switch Rear right
instructions the including the and protective Touch The with Touch To the with to follow the the Touch and the ON/OFF Touch Increasing Touch the Decreasing Touch the heat
to light Touch the ON/OFF about seconds to switch the The the lights acoustic sounds and the ready to Touch the Touch of the The located right the and Within about seconds, the Increasing or Decreasing Touch to light the If touch selected, the lights the
If selected, the lights (three To the the Increasing or Decreasing Touch The heat lights immediately the This that the cooking the the and the cooled to off To off the the off. The heat the and the cooled of The of about seconds. If the light this the to the interrupted. seconds, the the another seconds. three the The flash. the the operated about seconds.
seconds, the the touching both the Increasing and the Decreasing the Then, follow the instructions the to light that the and crown correctly If the to chapter Something gas-lighter the correctly. If necessary, match. of extinguishing reignition) If the extinguished of the immediately interrupted. about seconds, the the the first then to the extinguished. If three the The and the heat flash. the the operated about seconds. seconds, the the touching both the Increasing and the Decreasing the Then, follow the instructions the to light crown Thermo-
How to off the once of of immediately off the once touching the ON/OFF Cut-off Function If or and (that least hours), each turned off and If the that with the flashes the cooking the the operated about seconds. seconds, the the touching both the Increasing and the Decreasing the Then, follow the instructions the to light Cut-off Function If the activated (the the ON/OFF the switched off operated within
Protection overheating If the intensively, overheating and the to If the although the reduced, the turned off and the four If the with the flashes the cooking the the their operated about seconds. the seconds, the touching the Increasing and the Decreasing of of the four the Once the the cooled Child Function To children operating the to them. Touch the about seconds. The to the lights and acoustic sounds. the locked, the ON/OFF Touch operating,
To the the about seconds. The to the off and acoustic sounds. It to the function every the operated. of the the function the memory. If the the of the they when the restored. The with to the cooking The as when the The manually, without The only operates when the switched of the ON/ OFF follow the the Touch to the and selection Increasing the Decreasing Touch the
to to switch off To to switch off, as follows: If necessary, the touching the ON/OFF about seconds. Light the and the using the Increasing or Decreasing to light the touching the and the repeatedly touching the the cooking touching the Increasing and Decreasing Once the cooking the selection If to the cooking to of the Decreasing and then the selection touching the
The the countdown seconds the cooking the seconds, the to that the cooking about to acoustic sounds the of the cooking To the acoustic the To the cooking Touch the Increasing or Decreasing or to the To the the Decreasing to the to It to the switch- off of ONLY You the cooking as when the already of to the then meat or and the their The heat when the off, the and the cooled
to the Function You the as when of the operating. The activated to the as Proceed as follows: If necessary, the touching the ON/OFF about seconds. Touch the to the the Increasing or Decreasing to the The the countdown seconds the the seconds, the to that the about to acoustic sounds the of the To the acoustic the To the Touch the Increasing or Decreasing or to the To the the Decreasing to the to
and of the To and should and with the of the If which than the recommended the the of the causing the to overheat. the the or off from the when frying food or as the overheated splashes easily of the light the the or should the as or It to cook with further and shorter cooking as the that the cooking with earthenware or Also, protecting the top operation. (Auxiliary)
Table Soups Broths Meat Frying Chips Where indicated the recommended that choose the the of food to cooked. DISHES Endives Peas Chocolate Custard Recommended cooking should to SEMI-RAPID AUXILIARY RAPID BURNER POWER
Cleaning and or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply and cooled This cleaned with or with cleaning The Top the top cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; non-stick bath/sink removers. Should the top become heavily it recommended that cleaning used. If scratches or cracks the top, immediately the from the to the of shock. Then, Service Force and using the repaired.
Supports The dishwasher proof. If them hand, when them as the rough If necessary, cleaner. The from the to cleaning. To the the they located the back of the cleaning the the properly as shown the when the to scratching the top. The the and crowns and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth, then back the crown and the their the cleaners or products the NEVER scouring or cleaning. The The obtained through C) and these clean, to and that the crown obstructed. crown C Thermocouple
Something If the correctly, please the following Service IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the PROBLEM THE HOB DOESNT WORK BURNER DOESNT WORK IT TAKES TOO LONG TO FINISH THE DISHES THEY ARE COOKED TOO FAST. CAUSE There blown the Switches turned off or there the The activated. The supply closed. The bottle empty. The overheated and the four The Child function activated. The the to repeated The and the heat flash. The or the and crown correctly cleaning. The crown obstructed. The The SOLUTION the replaced. the switches. Touch the On/Off the Purchase bottle. Allow the top to cool Protection overheating). Deactivate the Child function Child Function). seconds, then follow the instructions chapter: of the of Follow the instructions the section Cleaning and authorized technical the section to light
If these correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Service and If or Service Force telephoning: routed to Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk Customer Services the of Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland the Service they the following information: and Clear and of the The and the rating the back of this instruction of purchase Customer concerning and further information products, Customer or the below or Customer Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Instructions the Technical (LPG inch inch Rear right hand supply, with rewireable with Appliance Appliance II2H3+ Appliance supply G20 This with the following EEC Directives: and Appliances) and
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S. Editions and the ETCI Installations. the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of If of and of effective of while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the the of Ireland please to the NSAI- I.S. Editions Table
Location The located or bathroom or shower the the that the of the that to or of the of the and the The the If below of allowed from the of the The directly the of the of the and or walls. the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S Edition Section Locations of Appliance. FITTING THE GAS HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE FITTING THE GAS HOB WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE
IMPORTANT: This to the The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this Carry to the supply with conforming to the force, or with conforming to the force, to those whose If used, they with or crushed. the when and top The threaded Screw the together without force. IMPORTANT: installation, the tightness of the using NEVER this with with Washer C Elbow
to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to connected to AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the of the attached the back cover of this The with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth the and (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red.
there or stray of and the the outer sheath. off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth that the supply with with higher than C. The to the to the supply comply to the specifications below. type H05 V2V2-F (T90)
Conversion to LPG the the the and crowns. and the then them with the the type of the characteristics). Reassemble the following the backwards. the (located near the with the to the type of The the Should the feeding or with the the supply with the force. characteristics GAS BURNER INJECTOR NOMINAL REDUCED NOMINAL FEEDING TYPE TYPE REFERENCE THERMAL THERMAL FLOW RATE PRESSURE POWER POWER NATURAL GAS (G20) LIQUID GAS
the the type If necessary, the touching the ON/OFF about seconds. Touch the repeatedly to the (front the selection Touch the Increasing and the the appears the Then, the Decrasing and the the displayed. Then, the Increasing displayed. At this the to the and the appears the G20 G30 IMPORTANT: allow the to function.
Touch the Decreasing to the type of selecting the type of switch off the touching the ON/OFF Touch the ON/OFF to the The to the Light the and their to to the At the the aspect If both the and the aspect satisfactory, the of the the type completed. If the satisfactory, as the following If the and the aspect satisfactory, as follows: Carry the the the the type and Light the to following the instructions the to light The to the If the too the extinguishes. The and then relights the
While the touch the Increasing to or Decreasing and obtained the whole crown. Switch off the touching the ON/ OFF
Building SR The to with of and characteristics. The building-in with this the the top as shown The least thick. If the thicker than to the of household the which the built the clearance of the the and exceeding the height The and the and SR SR A) B)
the to the the the to the of the It that this to the the below. Proceed as follows: the the and crowns and the that the and the thermocouples this operation. the around the top as shown the the and the top and the as shown The centering. A)
Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the Building with The the and the the and with to allow supply of to overheating and The the and the separately, reasons and to allow the to easily from the necessary.
or from the The built-in with cooling If the built-in with cleaning function, the while the cleaning of the FO FO
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG From the Group. The worlds choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the MDM Forl