and instructions Notice instructions Table 96901K
Please these operating instructions to the section the first Please these operating instructions reference. them to of the The following the information Warning! Information which Information to the Information and hints information These to the as required. the of these operating instructions information to the yourself; to the section Rectifying Printed Thinking acting ecologically
instructions.............................................................................5 instructions Appliance Appliance Appliance cleaning to the awareness Appliance the the first Touch Switching the Switching off the the Heat the function Switching off the cooking Switching the cooking and off Switching the cooking and off Switching the cooking and off the function the function the child the function the operation and with and without the function
Cleaning and Rectifying instructions........................................................................34 Technical Appliance Cut-out instructions Appliance assembly Service........................................................................................................36 mounting
instructions instructions The aspects of this with the technical and the Appliance as the it responsibility to with the following instructions. Please these instructions otherwise the This cooking and of foods the This with the following EU 73/23/EWG 89/336/EWG including Directive 31/EWG). 93/68/EWG CE Appliance operation The mounted and connected electrically trained and authorised specialised The operated when properly built built-in or the of malfunctions and cracks or the switched off and from the supply. The repaired trained and authorised specialised (factory service, Appliance the cooking of burns from the instruction and when they using the Please and when operating the The of cooking the The of cooking and cooking when the Connecting leads with of the Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should cooking when foods or chips).
Switch off the cooking The heat from or the although the heat this. Appliance cleaning switch off the cleaning. The cooking cooled to the that they touched without of reasons of or high to the to the the as or the cooking with or or with and them. and to and however and that the cooking or with with rough or burrs. these the scratches. or the of the Scratches and to the varnished that acid-containing such as or the or as these to appear and the with cleaning while If to cool the when and to synthetic from the with cleaning while If to cool the when awareness recycled. The of the household The and the and recovery of the and the the recycling to
of the The as follows: PE PS (CFC free) Cushioning Appliance The disconnected from the supply trained and authorised specialised The specialised the of electrically of Appliance cooking The with four cooking The cooking and to thermal shock. therefore from to The smooth easy to clean. The cooking The heater the amount of the to heat On switching the cooking tone the heating heard. This physically and the function. It heard once the cook sufficiently heated. cooking The cooking cooking With this, cooking This cooking The cooking cooking With this, cooking with This cooking The cooking With this, cooking with This cooking cooking The cooking with cooking cooking the as round or cook
operated Touch-Control-sensor Displays: displays and/or inform the about heat selected functions as as heat of the cooking On/Off The switched on/off. cooking The heating switched cooking The heating switched Top cooking The heating switched cooking The outer heating switched function The respective cooking operated the field Function Switching the and off On/Off switch). cooking Switching outer heating and off. Switching heating and off. cooking cooking Switching outer heating and off. Heat selection Increasing heat Heat selection Decreasing heat Switching the and off. the Switching outer heating and off.
Heat cooking heat intermediate heat functions function: fourteen and function. the function the cooking operates and then switches back to the heat selected. The of the phase the heat selected. Direct of each cooking Each cooking directly the lights the when malfunction the section Rectifying Child With this function the to switching of the heat heat the cooking becomes enough there to of the switched off the heat extinguishes once the cooking cooled to the that there of switch-off: cloth) or the immediately switch off cooking switch-off: If, once the switched heat selected cooking within seconds, the switch off automatically. If or than seconds, resting it/them, the switch off automatically. function function function activated. function malfunction occurred. heat The cooking switched off Child Child activated. The switched activated.
If cooking switched off, the switch off seconds. switch-off: If cooking switched off or within switch off automatically. Heat Switch-off hours The the switch-off function. On the of the the cooking switches off automatically. the On the of the acoustic emitted. The to function: Meals the function (heat With the of the ON/OFF field the to the hours hours hours
the the first IMPORTANT! to the scouring cleaning the and the with and and (with towel). IMPORTANT! to the Burnt-on and the and Switch the cooking another to them. the first Touch to the Touch from the field the lights or extinguishes, and/or the function the the attained. Switching the To switch the completely, the ON/OFF field
Touch the ON/OFF field seconds. the If the cooking within seconds the switched off automatically. Switching off the To switch off the completely, the ON/OFF field Touch the ON/OFF field seconds. The displays extinguish. Existing heat displayed the cooking displays. the to the activated function the switched off and the ON/OFF field The Heat The heat selected or the respective heat selection and Increase heat Touch the heat selection field. The heat lights the Decrease heat Touch the heat selection field. The heat lights the
the function Heat as function cooking Touch the heat selection or The function lights the Switching off the cooking WARNING! of burning to heat. switching-off the cooking to cool heat There switching off cooking Touch the heat selection or the The cooking switched off. Touch the heat selection field indicated the the The cooking switched off. If cooking switched off the switches off seconds. Existing heat the cooking displays.
the existing heat indicated the displays. heat to or food Switching the cooking and off the of the or the cooking field to switch the of the This activated when heat already the heating Switch the outer heating the heat The heat lights the Touch the cooking field The heating switched The cooking
Switch off the outer heating Touch the cooking The heating switched off. The cooking extinguishes. Switching the cooking and off the of the or the cooking to switch the of the cooking This activated when heat already the heating Switching the cooking the heat The heat lights the displays. Touch the cooking field The heating switched The cooking Switch off the outer heating
Touch the cooking field The outer heating switched off. The extinguishes. Switching the cooking and off the of the or the cooking field to switch the three of the This activated when heat already the heating Switching the cooking the heat The heat lights the displays. the cooking field The heating switched The cooking the cooking field The heating switched The top lights Switch off the heating Touch the cooking field The and heating respectively, switched off. The cooking extinguishes.
the function Switching the function The of the phase the heat selected. the heat to the heat selection field The lights the lights the seconds. The function activated. the of heat the function activated this cooking the of the the heat selected shown the function active higher heat instead of the to the selected heat If heat the function switched off immediately. Switching off the function activated function switched off. the heat selection field. The heat selected lights the The function switched off. the function
The cooking without the function the heat the heat selection field. the child With the the protected Switching the The switched and the cooking switched off. the field seconds. acoustic sounded. Touch of the heat selection the displays, there appears The child activated. The switches off seconds. the child The child bypassed the of the to the switch-off of the At the switch-on, the child activated
Switch the the Touch the heat selection and acoustic sounded. the The child switched off the switched off. Switching off the child Switch the the the field seconds. acoustic sounded. Touch of the heat selection the lights The switched off. The switches off seconds.
the function At the with the of the field ON/OFF to of the caused by, the with cloth. the Touch the seconds. lights seconds the The locked. If touched lights the displays. Unlocking the the seconds. The used. switching off the the locking function switched off. the You the as switch-off function heat as switched-off cooking
selection Touch the field. appears the The cooking function light The function of the cooking flashes. Touch the field. The function of the flashes. selection. The function of the cooking flashes.
the the heat selection or The indicated the the heat selection or such the obtained. The the selected cooking activated seconds. If the cooking the the shortest cooking each and the function of the cooking flash. Once the indicated the the function flashes and acoustic sounded The acoustic switched off touching the field. Select the cooking The indicated the The function to the cooking flashes. Select the cooking The indicated the The function of the cooking flashes. The the heat selection or The indicated the The the selected cooking Switching off cooking and switch-off function If cooking switched off the this cooking switched off.
Switching off the Select the cooking The indicated the The function of the cooking flashes. the the heat selection field to appears the The switched off. operation and The the the the cooking You and their bases. The should as thick and as and to the of the base. often only the of the with or the which or to or with which rough and/ or burrs them. Scratches they the cold, normally slightly They should outwards If and cooker, please the instructions.
information The should and to scratches the cooking and around them instead when scratches the Scratches from of which with the the cooking with of that nothing You the following and switch the cooking cooking and increase Whenever the the and that they completely covered. Switch off the cooking the of the cooking to the heat foods or The of the should the as the cooking shortens the cooking to
with and without the function The warm-up function Dishes that off cold, heated high and to watched when cooking the heat Dishes that The function Goulash, and that turning correctly, and then cooked, with of with of soups/stews with than of information: cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (with the and then leaving the to cooking heat to the of first of the You then which heat the dishes the to with and You then the of the function and and with
Duration of the phase The of the phase the heat selected. Heat Duration of the phase
Typical heat cooking The shown the following The heat cooking the of the and the type and of food. Heat Warm-up of the function cooking without the function, the individually selected. heating or the and then cooking foods that cooking heat cooking Warming Frying of cakes Frying to Steaming Steaming and of of cooking and food Warming amounts of of meat, goulash,
Cleaning and Cleaning with the cleaning with of clean cleaning they when the heated cleaners such as or or cleaners. Clean the every when or this burning to the and and with commercially or cleaner. Minor the with cloth and Then, with clean cloth. the Once thoroughly the with or cleaner. Then the of and with fluff-free cloth. Stubborn To food that or to splashes, the to the the the Scrapers and cleaners from Service Force.
burnt-on plastic, or other which immediately while they using cleaning You burning when the cleaning the cooking Then the normally when cooled If the cooking which something already cooled cleaning. Scratches or the caused or with they the functioning of the Rectifying It that caused which rectify with the of the following instructions. If the malfunction cleared with the following information please or Service Force. If service to or because of operation, the of the service free of charge the If the please specify to the service the three- which the Malfunction The displays The the to of Switching the The household tripped. The tripped Switching off the The overheat protection switched off cooking and inhibited their Allow the cooking to cool
Malfunction The flashes. The overheat protection switched off the cooking and inhibited its The or cracks or the The cooking The Switch the switched or cloth the The cooking Switch the cooking switched The heat Select the heat The household tripped. The tripped Switching off the Allow the cooking to cool Disconnect the from the supply Allow the to cool Clean the the to the supply Switching the The to flash: Switch off the Disconnect the from the the service. Switch off the Disconnect the from the supply the service.
Malfunction The cooking The Switch off the child switched switched child section). The cooking Since selecting the cooking switched off. than seconds The heat The the to Switching the The existing heat displayed. The heat The cooking only switched Since switching the than seconds Since selecting the cooking than seconds The Switch off the the from the supply the Service Force The Switch off the Disconnect the from the supply the Service Force There The existing heat displayed. Switch the back the cooking the cooking There malfunction the cooking cold.
Malfunction The function switched The switch-off function The switch-off function switched off. The The switch-off function of cooking The The locked. Unlock the switched off. The to The cooking Allow the cooking to heat. The heat the heat selection field. The cooking Select the cooking selected. The locked. Unlock the The cooking the cooking selected. The locked. Unlock the The locked. Unlock the The switched Switch the off. The Switch off the the from the supply the service. The overheat protection switched off cooking and inhibited their Switch off the cooking the heat the heat selection field. Switch off the switch-off function. Allow the cooking to cool
instructions Technical Appliance Cut-out Corner R5 instructions The mounted and electrically connected trained and authorised specialised Please these instructions otherwise the The the of the regulations of the and the this assembly to With to fire protection this with EN this type of with high or Appliance assembly The from the supply mounting, and servicing. On the please that and of mounted or connected. The and of immediately. The should of The to other to their technical specifications)
The mounted directly to or or bursting cooking off the should the such as to protection shock. The which the the of DIN protection sealed with On the the where the seated completely with On or tops, the action with resin or two-component the the surround and as this service To the from below. Clean the around the DANGER! to to to the Please Switch off the IMPORTANT! to incorrect flashovers. the supply to the with Appliance cleaning first-time readiness operation. The connected electrically.
Service the "Rectifying section of malfunctions that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section "Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC: S-No.: the warranty the using the section "Rectifying the service to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to These as
Indications Indications Indications Indications Recommandations Informations recommandations
Notice Indications Commande fonction STOP&GO
Instructions Indications Service
Notice Indications indications indications, CE 73/23/CEE Directive basse 89/336/CEE Directive 92/31/CEE 93/68/CEE Directive CE. conforme, (S.A.V. instructions manches manches
toucher tombent
Toutes recyclage PE PS CFC)
Un corps influence
touches Touch-Control STOP GO STOP GO Affichage informent Fonction Fonction Marche/Arrt
fonctions Toutes Commande touches Touch-Control Indication fonction Affichage Affichage Indication Indication
Commande toutes touches toutes STOP GO Toutes Un
fonction tout touche Commande ATTENTION torchon). ATTENTION touches Touch touche indications fonction touche Tous
touche Appuyer touche touche Appuyer touche Marche/Arrt L'affichage touche touches
Appuyer touche Appuyer touche touche AVERTISSEMENT Appuyer touches L'affichage Appuyer touche L'affichage
conserver touche L'affichage
Appuyer touche s'allume. Appuyer touche touche L'affichage Appuyer touche s'allume.
Appuyer touche s'allume. Appuyer touche fonction STOP GO fonction STOP GO STOP GO fonction fonction STOP GO Appuyer touche STOP GO l'affichage
Appuyer touche STOP GO Laffichage touche L'affichage L'affichage Appuyer touche L'affichage
touche Activer toutes Appuyer touche Un
Appuyer touche active. Appuyer touches Un
Appuyer touche Un Appuyer touche touche Appuyer touche L'affichage touche
Appuyer touche (fonction Appuyer touche L'affichage Fonction Fonction Appuyer touche Fonction
Fonction touches L'affichage appuyer touches Fonction Fonction touche
Afficher L'affichage Fonction L'affichage Fonction touches L'affichage Fonction touche L'affichage
fond. fond. tout. WOK indications Recommandations
fin conserver
Recommandations recommandons touche
fonction
indicatives. type recommandons Conservation
Table Tous fours, toucher inox. inox.
taches influence
instructions informations service service S.A.V. S.A.V. L'affichage interrompu. fin protection
protection touches service service
fin L'affichage service service interrompu.
(fonction service protection
Instructions R5 Indications indications, indications instructions EN protection type brancher
tomber protection tout DIN protection toutes service DANGER borne ATTENTION conforme. traction. traction. service.
Service service S.A.V. N N Nous recommandons N N tableau service toutes informations
instructies
STOP&GO
Service.....................................................................................................
instructies, 73/23/EEG 89/336/EEG inclusief EEG 93/68/EEG of instructies of
of of restwarmte-indicatie of of of of of of of
PE PS
of
touch-control-tiptoetsen. STOP GO STOP GO Warmhoudstand Indicaties:
touch-control-tiptoetsen. Foutindicatie: Fout restwarmte-indicatie Warmhoudstand: STOP GO of Warmhoud-stand Warmhoudstand Foutindicatie Restwarmte-indicatie
of of
of of
of restwarmte-indicatie
STOP GO STOP GO of timerfuncties STOP GO STOP GO Aan/Aus STOP GO actieve STOP GO
actief.
of of of
of of of of informatie
instructies of tot
instructies:
of
of of of of of of
of of fout instructies informatie of fout foutieve
Oplossing foutindicatie of touch-control-tiptoetsen foutindicatie
Oplossing of
Oplossing restwarmte-indicatie restwarmte-indicatie actief.
Oplossing
R5 instructies, EN type of of of of
of contactbeveiliging DIN of of of GEVAAR! of
Service of of type- hand informatie
mounting The should to the information the section informations informatie
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 338-A-240204 to without Sous