C65030K and Instructions
customer, Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the Printed Thinking acting
CONTENTS Instructions The of Appliance Appliance assembly and displays Cut-out the first Initial Cleaning the TOUCH CONTROL field. Switching the Appliance Switching the Appliance Selection Heat Selection and Switching off cooking Heat with the function. without the function. the and cooking with and without Cleaning and What to Rectifying
Service Warranty Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly
OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS The aspects of this comply with technical and the Appliance as responsibility to with the following instructions. The and of the only Repairs to the only to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force or Please follow these instructions, otherwise the warranty the of Flush-mounted operated following tion and workplaces which to the This protection as the VDE [Association of If malfunctions or cracks or splits appear: switch off cooking the from the electricity supply. Child The cooking become when cook. Therefore, from the This cooking and the It or the to heat the when the leads with the Instructions
Instructions Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should cooking when foods or chips). Switch off the cooking Cleaning reasons the with or high cleaner. Clean the with the and cleaning instructions this To the as or the cooking when there or the empty. to shock and however and that the cooking or with rough, burred or base. Scratching the the the Scratching and to the that or the these If or with with the cooking and there cleaned off immediately with while If the when items and that from the plastics, or If thing of this should the immediately using the
of the of the and expanded polyurethane identified. Please of and, properly. Please follow the and and refuse Information The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Warning! of them inoperable. the lead. Instructions
Instructions The of Appliance cooking The and cooking The heater significantly the amount of the to heat operated TOUCH CONTROL The of the cooking and the their cleaning. The easy to section: Cleaning and On/Off field: to the On/Off switch, the switch with which the to the completely switched and off with Displays: displays information about selected heat activated and heat the cooking that cooking switch off of the the foods heat heat shown the the cooking becomes that there of burn- switched off the grated the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off.
Appliance assembly and features Instructions
Instructions displays The four that assigned to the four cooking switched and when the function when cooking selected, to the selected heat when there heat, when there Cut-out If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. appears the that switched and they cooled The switched off Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours If or cooking switch off the indicated section What to the Cut-out To the activated the switched off and then the ON/OFF this the cooking ready Switching Other Reasons that the cooking to switch off immediately. If cloth the the both the to switched the switch the or cloth.
the first Initial Cleaning the with cloth. cleaners! The the cooking switched This of cooking and the function or the of the TOUCH CONTROL field. To the TOUCH CONTROL field from the the displays or or the function Switching the Appliance The switched the On/Off field. Touch the field seconds. The displays and the flash. Once the On/Off field operated to switch the of the cooking selected within seconds using the cooking selection buttons. the switches off reasons. Instructions
Instructions Switching the Appliance To switch off the completely the On/Off field. Touch the On/Off field second. cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking Selection To the cooking the field second. with light the cooking The that this cooking
Heat Selection and and the heat to the selected cooking field to increase the heat the heat with field If cooking the cooking selected touching the field the heat The the shows which cooking selected. Switching off cooking the cooking with the cooking Touch and to switch off or field back to cooking only switched off when the the Instructions
Instructions Heat cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking the cooking switched off, the heat when the cooking cold. You the heat and food as the heat there of burns. If the the and information about heat to yourself. This around the
with the function. four of the cooking and function: lowest heat highest heat function the heat the field, the cooking and then switch to the selected heat The of the function the heat selected. Select the with the cooking Touch reaches the heat to The heat displayed first. seconds function) the heat the At the of the the heat shown Instructions
Instructions If the function higher from to the to match. If the once. If cooking cooking that the function the heat. This and If to switch cooking which items already should the heat with the this the food as of the burst of heat from the without the function. If to the cooking without the heat with the Switch the and the cooking the cooking selection buttons. Touch field to the heat from to You the heat the and tons, the cooking selected. Switching off cooking the cooking the cooking buttons. Press the and buttons to switch off. the cooking should without
the With the of the the cooking to the such as when with cloth. This function as child Touch the o the To release the the o field continuously the Child If the completely switched off the while the then the active when the switched To the cooking the locking function as Instructions
Instructions cooking with the integrated cooking the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off automatically. the cooking field, the cooking and the heat Touch the TIMER to the function this cooking appear the the or or the of the to switch off seconds the and switch off. the active the cooking light the top to the cooking At the of the the cooking switch off and acoustic sound. Touch the TIMER field to switch off the and
To the the or the reached. If the field operated first, the the operated first, the the cooking If cooking which the cooking appears the the to of The function to without the switch-off function, the already or cooking cooking selected this The cooking field with the the therefore touched that the the as the function There of switching off the early: Switching off the cooking and Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the and The cooking and switch off. Switching off the the cooking active Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the Touch the and the switch off. The cooking Instructions
Instructions and The the the the You their bases. The should as thick and as when to the of the base. often the of the with or the which or to or with rough, burred or base. This scratching the the cold, normally slightly They should outwards If to of please the instructions. You the following and switching the cooking cooking and increase Whenever the and to cover completely. Switch off the cooking the of the cooking to the heat such as to foods or The of the should the as the cooking reduces cooking to
cooking with and without The function that off cold, heated high and to watched when cooking the selected heat that The function goulash, and braised that turning correctly, and then cooked, with of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (using the and then the to cooking heat You the heat food of the when first the You then which heat the the accustomed to with You then the of the tion and about Instructions
Instructions Typical Heat The information the following The heat cooking the of the and the type and of food. Switch cooking without the function, the selected as required. heating or the and then cooking foods that cooking heat Frying to Steaming Poaching of Warming Frying Warming amounts of goulash, of doughnuts Steaming and of cooking and foods
Cleaning and Cleaning with the cleaning with of cleaning they when the heated! cleaners such as or or cleaners. Clean the each when to the or cold. This becoming burnt and and with or such as Light the with cloth and Then with cloth. of the Thoroughly the cooking once with or cleaner. Then the using of clean and with cloth. Stubborn To food that or splashes, the to the the You and cleaners from Instructions
Instructions burnt-on tic, or other with and while There of burning when the cooking Then the normally when cooled If the cooking which thing already cooled cleaning. Scratches or the caused with they the function of the or the otherwise appear. the with cloth and with cloth. Then off and
What to Rectifying It that caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! Repairs to the only to service Improperly effected repairs to the If please or service. What the cooking whether the or the the household tripped. If the or the please the properly switched the the the cooking switched the cooking to the heat cooking section the cooking switched off the switch section the cooking switched whether the section the than seconds operating the On/Off and switching the cooking section Switching the the covered cloth or with the to or heat? whether the On/Off operated the partially covered cloth, or the switch activated. switching off the cooking neither Instructions
Instructions heat appears the whether the cooking and therefore enough. If the cooking AEG service. cooking switched off? whether the partially covered cloth or the activated. cooking switched whether the activated. shown the whether the cooking overheated. This lights to overheating, or reasons. AEG Customer Service. If service to caused incorrect operation of the the service of charge, the warranty
SERVICE SPARE PARTS If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the Service they the following information: including telephone Clear and of the to the telephone that of the following that the rating The rating plate located the of the PNC that the that them to hand: PNC of purchase. Please that necessary to of purchase service customers should that the chapter headed What to as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Service
Service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. Customer AEG Appliances High SL1 1DZ recorded
WARRANTY CONDITIONS Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light glassware or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Warranty
Instructions INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS The only and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Appliance Height Corner R3 cooking cooking right cooking right cooking Heating Connected
Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and DIN relating to the operating features of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to protection (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Instructions
Instructions Instructions the the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and of fire protection, this to type (IEC this type of with high or the The shock protection. The which the the of DIN protection to sealed with sealant. On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action with resin or that the correctly seated the and that seated the without Additional applied; this when servicing. The from below when
connecting, that the of the that the stated the rating to the supply The rating located the casing of the The heating AC230 The perfectly with AC220 The to connected to the that allows the to from the with of least protecting out,earth type H05VV-F or with higher as the The as shown the The necting should to the The earth connected to The earth than leads carrying The with tions and the screws securely. Finally, the to with the cleat and the covering closed switching the first protective or from the Once connected to the supply that cooking ready switching each the Instructions
Instructions Connecting
Assembly Instructions
Instructions
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG -A-