C75301K and Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the the of technical please CUSTOMER SERVICE CENTRE and found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed Thinking acting
CONTENTS Instructions The of Appliance of the Cut-out the Initial Cleaning the TOUCH CONTROL Switching On the Appliance Switching the Appliance Selection Heat Selection and Switching the On and Switching the On and Stop+Go Function Switching off Heat with the Function without the Function and with and without Cleaning and What to Rectifying
Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Service Assembly
Instructions The aspects of this comply with technical and the Appliance as responsibility to with the following instructions. The and of the only Repairs to the only to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please or Please follow these instructions, otherwise the warranty the of Flush-mounted operated following tion and workplaces which to the This protection as the VDE [Association of If malfunctions or cracks or splits appear: switch off cooking the from the electricity supply. Child The cooking become when cook. Therefore, children from the Instructions
Instructions This cooking and the It or the to heat the when the leads with the Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should cooking when foods or chips). Switch off the Cleaning reasons the with or high cleaner. Clean the with the and cleaning structions this
To the as or the cooking when there or the empty. to shock and however and that the cooking or with rough, burred or base. Scratching the the the Scratching and to the that or the these If or with with the cooking and there cleaned off immediately with while If the when items and that from the plastics, or If something of this should the immediately the Instructions
Instructions of the of the recycled; and expanded polyurethane identified. Please of and, properly. Please follow the and regulations and refuse Information The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Warning! of them the lead.
The of Appliance of Appliance cooking The cooking and cooking The heater shorten the amount of the to heat operated TOUCH CONTROL The of the cooking and the their cleaning. The smooth, easy to clean section: Cleaning and On/Off field: The field the with switch. Touching this switches the or off completely. Stop+Go field: Touching this field cooking currently to the function: touching the field the to their This function from the cooker. Displays: displays information about selected heat functions activated and heat the cooking that cooking switch off of the Warm: this food heat heat shown the the cooking becomes that there of burn- cooking The with cooking the as round or cooking or or food cooking The triple-ring cooking This to to This switched off the grated the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off. Instructions
Instructions of the cooking 1200W cooking 2300W with selection with displays heat heat Heat 2400W cooking 1200W Stop+Go On/Off
The four to the four cooking and the following indications: when switched and when switched off the function, when cooking selected, when the selected, to the selected ,when when Heat there Cut-out If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. appears the that switched and they cooled The switched off Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours If or cooking switch off the indicated section What to the Cut-out To the activated the switched off and then using the ON/OFF field. this the cooking ready Switching Other Reasons that the to switch off immediately. If cloth the the both the to switched the switch the or cloth. Instructions
Instructions the First Initial Cleaning the with cloth. cleaners! The
the cooking switched This of cooking and the function or the of the TOUCH CONTROL To the TOUCH CONTROL from the field the or or the function Switching On the Appliance The switched the field. Touch the On/Off seconds. The displays and the flash. Once the On/Off field operated to switch the pliance, of the cooking selected within seconds using the cooking selection buttons. the switches off reasons. Instructions
Instructions Switching the Appliance To switch off the completely the field. Touch the field second. cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking Selection To the cooking the field second. with light the cooking The that this cooking
Heat Selection and and the heat to the selected cooking field to increase the heat the heat with If cooking the cooking selected touching the the heat The the shows which cooking selected. The function with four cooking Select the cooking using the the field, the The to this the cooking finally switched off. Instructions
Instructions Switching the On and Select the cooking the heat To switch the or off the touch field, the or off.
Switching the On and the of the or when the cooking each of the cooking switched turn, to the cooking using the the These activiated the already switched Select the cooking the heat Instructions
Instructions Touch the field. The switched The the II Touching the activates the outer heating The III To switch off the outer heating the field; the heating switched off.
Stop+Go Function touching the "Stop+Go" field, cooking switched to the The indicated the If the "Stop+Go" field touched the selected restored. The the "Stop+Go" function. If function selected with phase this the "Stop+Go" function and when the "Stop+Go" field The function to this the cooking finally switched off. Instructions
Instructions Switching off Select the cooking with the cooking Touch and to switch off or field back to cooking only switched off when the the cooking
Heat cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking the cooking switched off, the heat when the cooking cold. You the heat and food as the heat there of burns. If the supply the and information about heat to burn yourself. This Instructions
Instructions with the Function four of the cooking and function: lowest heat highest heat function the heat the field, the cooking and then switch to the heat The of the function the heat selected. the cooking with the cooking Touch field reaches the heat to The heat displayed first. seconds function) the heat the At the of the the heat shown
If the function higher from to the to match. If the once. If cooking cooking that the tomatic function the heat. This and If to switch cooking which items already should the heat with the field. this the food as of the burst of heat from the without the Function If to the cooking without the heat with the field. Switch the and the cooking the cooking selection buttons. Touch field to the heat from to You the heat the and tons, the cooking selected. Switching off Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Press the and buttons to switch off. the cooking should without tomatic Instructions
Instructions cooking with the integrated cooking the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off automatically. the cooking field, the cooking and the heat the TIMER to the function this cooking appear the the or or the of the to switch off seconds the and switch off. the active the cooking light the top to the cooking At the of the the cooking switch off tomatically and acoustic sound. the TIMER field to switch off the and
To the the or the reached. If the field operated first, the the field operated first, the the cooking If cooking which the cooking appears the the to of of the cooking should with the Touch the "On/Off" field around seconds.. The flashes. the TIMER field to the function. the or the of The to seconds, and the the sounded. Touch the TIMER field, to switch off the the function There of switching off the early: Switching off the cooking and Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the and buttons The cooking and switch off. Switching off the the cooking active Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the the and buttons the switch off. The cooking Instructions
Instructions and The the the the You their bases. The should as thick and as when to the of the base. often only the of the with or the which or to or with rough, burred or base. This scratching the the cold, normally slightly They should outwards If to of please the instructions. You the following and switching the cooking cooking and increase Whenever the and to cover completely. Switch off the cooking the of the cooking to the heat such as to foods or The of the should the as the cooking reduces cooking to
with and without The function that off cold, heated high and to watched when cooking the selected heat that The function goulash, and that turning correctly, and then cooked, with amounts of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (using the and then the to cooking ate heat You the heat food of the when first the You then which heat the dishes" the accustomed to with You then the of the tion and about using Instructions
Instructions Typical Heat The information the following The heat cooking the of the and the type and of food. Heat cooking without the function, the selected as required. heating or the and then cooking foods that cooking heat Frying to Steaming of Warming amounts of goulash, Warming Frying Steaming and of cooking and of doughnuts
Cleaning and Cleaning with the cleaning with of cleaning they when the heated! cleaners such as or or cleaners. Clean the each when to the or cold. This becoming burnt and and with or such as Brite. Light the with cloth and Then with cloth. of the Thoroughly clean the cooking once with or cleaner. Then the of clean and with clean fluff-free cloth. Stubborn To food that or splashes, the to the the You and cleaners from Instructions
Instructions burnt-on tic, or other with and while There of burning when the cooking Then the normally when cooled If the cooking which something already cooled cleaning. Scratches or the caused with they the function of the or the appear. the with cloth and with cloth. Then off and
What to Rectifying It that caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! Repairs to the to service Improperly effected repairs to the If please or service. What the cooking whether the intact or the the household tripped. If the or the please the properly switched the the the cooking switched the cooking to the heat cooking section the cooking switched off the switch section the cooking switched whether the section the than seconds operating the On/Off and switching the cooking section Switching the the partially covered cloth or with the to or heat? whether the On/Off operated accidentally. the covered cloth, or the switch activated. Instructions
Instructions switching off the cooking neither heat appears the whether the cooking and therefore enough. If the cooking the service. switched off? whether the covered cloth or the activated. cooking switched whether the activated. shown the whether the cooking overheated. This lights to overheating, or reasons. If service to caused incorrect of the the service free of charge, the warranty
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Technical Appliance Height Cut-out Corner R5 cooking cooking right cooking right cooking Heating connected Instructions
Instructions Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic protection (EMC). This with the following EU Directives: 93/68/EWG CE Directive 73/23/EWG Directive) including Directive 90/683/EWG 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions the the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and of fire protection, this to type (EN this type of with high or the The shock protection. The which the the of DIN protection to sealed with On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action with resin or hesive. that the correctly seated the and that seated the without Additional applied; this when servicing. The from below when Instructions
Instructions connecting, that the of the that the stated the rating to the The rating located the casing of the The heating AC230 The perfectly with AC220 The to to the that allows the to disconnected from the with of least protecting out,earth type H05VV-F or with higher as the connecting The as shown the The necting should to the The earth connected to The earth than leads carrying The with tions and the screws securely. Finally, the to with the cleat and the covering closed switching the first protective or from the Once connected to the that cooking ready switching each the
Instructions
Instructions
Service the What to section of malfunctions that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC the warranty the the section What the service to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to fetch These phone as Service
Assembly Assembly
Assembly
Assembly
Assembly
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 400-D-040302-03