EN ELECTRIC RANGE USE AND CARE GUIDE A02992401
Information Table of information Instructions Features............................................................. Started Preheat Convection Convection Convection cook the Warmer Preferences clock or hour F or C offset....................................34 Factory Self-Clean Cleaning Cleaning instructions lights Removing and the cleaning and and the to Common Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed U.S.A.. Please this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. reference Purchase location NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information
What to about instructions Warning and Instructions appearing this to cover and that Common and when or operating microwave. ALWAYS service or about or Words, WARNING or which COULD or death. the to or when the the without the and to follow these instructions death or serious burns to and To the properly, both and the of back. to properly the should to the instructions with installation. and using the the and the allow to with Installation-Be properly and grounded technician United States with the National ANSI Z223.1 edition, and National ANSI/NFPA Instructions child or the and the to or CAUTION or which COULD injury. edition, and and with CAN/CGA B149.1, and CAN/CGA B149.2 and CSA C22.1 and only instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of or the or of this serious and to the allow children to or around the The of the to serious burns or other injury. when burns. the or warmer NEVER this as heater to heat or the Doing and overheating of the
Instructions ServicingDo or of the cally recommended the other servicing should technician to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the items of to children the the Children the to reach items seriously or ApplianceFlammable should or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the and or property children Children should or the where They should to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE UNITS, AREAS NEAR THESE UNITS, OVEN HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVENS OR WARMER DRAWER Both and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the facing the the and these and to cool. these the facing the the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other or heating the of or to off the Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from the potholders heating or or other cloth instead of potholder. Not Heat Unopened Food of the to burst and the from to or the from to or IMPORTANTDo to the If the the off. If the turned off and the the to Food catch or the or of that to 0C/32F least hours to the supply.
IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOKTOP which each heating This with or of Select enough to cover the The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to the Should Turned and Should Not Units To reduce the of burns, of and to with the The of the should that turned and Units and greasy that or that Protective to or other of the as recommended as cover the other of protective or of shock or or of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other service without to the the Not Decorative If turned the cover become and possibly the covers touched. to the Not Clean or If should cleaning and the and of shock. immediately. scratching the with Instructions IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The the front the or through the of Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of Racks. location while cool. from the If while potholders and the with both to potholders the or of the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover or warmer with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to the or off the to the and light
Instructions IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR RANGE Clean the to free of grease that catch and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch to the instructions cleaning. Cleaners/aerosols follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and/or SELF-CLEANING OVENS Clean the self-cleaning the of the this owners self-cleaning the the the The should to or the SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FUTURE REFERENCES cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the racks. the self-cleaning The health of to the off the self-clean of to another The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to customers of to such
includes: with front Warmer rear warmer Right Right front Self-clean latch. Self-cleaning interior. cooking rack(s). with Warmer Warmer NOTE: The features of to type
features options cook Preheat Convection clean Convection light clock 170F 77C 550F 288C 400F 204C 550F 288C Conv 170F 77C 550F 288C Conv 170F 77C 550F 288C 170F 77C 170F 77C (225F /108C) (275F 135C) Clock Clock Clean
location The through its front the released through the This the and with blower which and self-cleaning to internal The blower the off, the cooled the If of If using racks, cookware as shown. and allow around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. of or when the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. with or of the shown; Rack, TM and Rack. cooking and The TM allows to food from the To cooking the the lowest to of meat and TM
TM IMPORTANT ALL fresh If the cleaning the of the TM and of the their Clean to the instructions the Cleaning section. The TM food This that allow the to pulled from the without the of the Removing and the TM To hand, reach through and the release located the front of the as shown While holding the release the of the the reached both the and of the the front of the slightly and to the from the to both and together when or the The and to To both and of and the the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force necessary to the snapped completely IMPORTANT To to the DO NOT to the the back the cavity. To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back TM release
About the The located below the of the The of the the of the the of the matches the of the outline the Heat through the of the to the cookware. at-bottom cookware should used. The type and of cookware, the of and the factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns. About the The and the the red. To the selected the and off. The heating enough heat to and heat the off off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. with with ratings. The to heat food and increases as the increases. NOTE that allows the to ON and OFF, the HI This to to the the HI and the cookware too the or the cookware Please instructions cleaning the Cleaning section and to Common section of this and cooking Specialty such as and to the recommended cookware *GOOD and straight Tight tting of balanced. match the amount of food to and the of the of that heat to clean. match to its Follow instructions. to the or the should bottoms. rotating the There should the and POOR Curved and warped than than
The cookware and heat from the to the The ALUMINUM heat of food to cookware If the they which scratches. these immediately. COPPER heat easily. STAINLESS STEEL heat with cooking easy to clean and CAST IRON heat however heat once cooking reached. Not recommended PORCELAIN-ENAMEL METAL Heating characteristics coating smooth to scratching GLASS heat Not recommended because scratch the On lights with of lights that the the ELEMENT ON light and the lights The ELEMENT ON light the and when turned ON. this light cooking easy to ALL turned OFF. The lights located the each The when cooking heats and the cooled to MODERATE the chart below to the the type of food when the Recommended chart of High foods; to and high thicken and foods poaching and and appear to cooled they off. The Light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light OFF. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch too to the ELEMENT ON
correctly cookware the and the to the Turn the to the cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. Location of TURN PUSH IMPORTANT off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. The to exactly the graphics as and the as amount of heat each to chart cooking operations higher and then to to that allows the heating to and off, the HI This to the smooth top. the HI and often cookware too the or the cookware heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating appear to cooled they turned off. The and burns the touched cooled ciently. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch too to the allow cookware or that to with the If these items the they the
correctly cookware the and the clockwise to heating the and outer of the If the heating the If heating cookware, and the counterclockwise You switch from the or Please that three to the cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. IMPORTANT off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking The to exactly the graphics as and the as Each amount of heat each to chart cooking operations higher and then to to that allows the heating to and off, the HI This to the smooth top. the HI and often cookware too the or the cookware heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating Heating with Heating with the Heating with only* that heat shown TURN PUSH
the Warmer The of the warmer to cooked foods the warmer to cooked foods such stews, breads, and with heat food with the warmer food the warmer should covered with to when or the cover should to allow to dishware, and cookware recommended and the warmer other the when The and burns the touched cooled ciently. potholders or when food from the as cookware and items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch too to the allow cookware or that to with the If these items the they the IMPORTANT and cookware recommended and or to cover food. or the correctly cookware the warmer and the to the Turn the to the to food, turn the to OFF the cookware. Location of the Warmer Warmer selection to the recommended food If food listed, with the and as foods the Food Item Heating Breads/Pastries LO LO Plates with Food LO LO LO MED MED Soups MED MED MED HI (High) HI (High) Soups HI (High) recommended food TURN
Started Clock Preheat You prompted to the of the of or when to the Press CLOCK the of the and START to If of the of and START If CANCEL clock with the To The with the as the the the active and displayed. The following apply to the timers: hours below to the Press Press TIMER on-off Press START To the the TIMER on-off NOTE The timer(s) the cooking process. Once cooking started, the the while preheating. Once the reaches the the displayed. The preheat with the following cooking Convection Breads The displayed 100F/38C. The ADD MINUTE to the the pressed, to the this already active. If the active and the pressed, the become active and counting from further information to the instructions The the and the from turned It the clock, or the lights. below to the Press To and OVEN LOCK seconds. To and OVEN LOCK seconds. DOOR LOCKED the the locking. Once the the DOOR LOCKED then displayed. to the while the
Preheat The Preheat the to the tone sound indicating when the reached and to the food the Preheating when roasting or cooking The following apply to the preheat 350F/177C preheat 170F 77C preheat 550F 288C preheat below to preheat to immediately the Press Press PREHEAT If to Press START PRE and the shown the as the heats and reaches the preheating, the to to food the The preheat the and to the NOTE To the function, CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To the while the already heating, follow the the preheating, the activated to allow the to reach its The and off heat The and Convection heat cooking ONLY or
the to cook food items that cooking The following apply to the 350F/177C 170F 77C 550F 288C below to to immediately using the Press Press BAKE If to Press START Once START the heating. The shows the the reaches the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. NOTE To the function, CANCEL when the or the cooking process. To the while the already heating, the using the the preheating, the activated to allow the to reach its The and off heat The and Convection heat as or and the If using racks, the and food items the allow of the food items or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended recommended cakes, and
cook when when and of to cook. Following the cook the with the following features: Preheat Conv Conv Breads below to the immediately with preheating to the of 350F (177C) and then to off Press Preheat the Press BAKE Press COOK TIME Press START Once START the cook and shut-off. the The off automatically. The The to every seconds CANCEL pressed. NOTE To the function, CANCEL when the or the cooking process. The hours and the activated, the back to showing the hour of Press the COOK TIME to cook or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended cakes, or
(with cook cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and with the following features: Conv Conv Clean Breads below to the with preheating 375F (191C) and to Press Press BAKE F Press COOK TIME Press DELAY START Press START Once START pressed, the the which the heating. The to this the selected or the cooking canceled. NOTE the DELAY START option the of You CANCEL when the or the cooking process. You choose to DELAY START with COOK TIME using hour clock. or hour information. FOOD POISONING HAZARD food than hour or Doing food or sickness. that easily such as meat or should the when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when
Convection Convection to the heat and continuously. The heat allows cooking with cooking slightly increase cook foods, the The Conv recommended when racks. If instructions and to follow the Convection Convert option instructions. The option the that the with the following Conv Convert and/or of performance. foods cook to and or required. with or (offset and racks, and racks, (offset and and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items The following apply to the 350F/177C 170F 77C 550F 288C the below to immediately with the of 350F (176C): Press Press CONV BAKE If to Press START the reaches the ready. The to this the cooking canceled. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the process. Convection
Convection Convert The option allows to the The the and to Conv with of using option: performance. foods cook to and or required. food items the recommended with or (offset and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook food items the allow of the food items the below to immediately with the of 350F (177C) and the option. Press Press CONV BAKE If to Press CONV CONVERT Press START the reaches the the ready. The option the from the to with cook CF Food) displayed when the cook The nished. the Food function to the cook NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process.
Convection Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the meat from and Meats cooked with this the while the there to reduce the when using Convection with the following or cook with The following apply to Factory 350F/177C 170F 77C 550F/ 288C of performance. foods cook to and or required. Meat to 350F to 350F to 400F whole** to 325F 180F whole** to 325F 180F whole** to 325F 180F to 350F 375F 180F Poultry fresh to 325F 160F Shoulder to 325F 160F to 325F 160F Pre-cooked to 325F 160F F, F, roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the Convection Roasting Chart below to to immediately with the Press Press CONV ROAST If to Press START Once START the heating. NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking Preheating and poultry. to follow and or to the chart information. cover foods when roasting this the meat from properly. Since Conv cooks food reduce the cook from the recommended cook of the food this If necessary, increase cook the obtained.
below to immediately the to cook that with the to heat The following apply to the 550F 288C 400F 204C 550F 288C Should the If the throw the or extinguisher. or the and grease to and the without the cover the with the grease To food from the and to grease IMPORTANT the roasting when the recommended and the type of meat prepared. allow the to preheat the food the Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to to the food and directly the Press BROIL If to Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking The closed this function to If the seconds, the Simply the the function to
The that allows grease from the meat to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of listed. Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 550F thick or 550F Chicken-bone 450F Chicken-boneless or 450F 500F 550F thick or 550F or 550F or 550F or 550F
Breads The foods to hours cooking nished. hours the shut-off automatically. The should with foods that already The of 170F (77C). The Breads to performance or Breads. These functions cakes, (fresh or custards, cheesecakes, and The function preheat with of heat cakes and allowing foods to cook evenly. The Breads function preheat to the that thoroughly heats the from top to to below to the foods. to immediately. the below to or Breads. The without other cooking operations or cooking or with Press Press KEEP WARM Press START below to to or Press Press BAKE or other cooking function. If Press COOK TIME If DELAY START Press KEEP WARM Press START FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. that easily such as meat or should the when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when Press when cool. the CAKES BREADS CAKES appears the Breads, the C AKES BREADS BREADS appears the If to Press START or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended recommended cakes, or Breads or using racks, cookware and when or or
cooking meat such as or the to the internal without foods, and testing the internal the effective of insuring that food properly cooked. from cooking to once the reached the The following apply to the function: 170F 77C 140F 60C 210F 99C the that the the of the thickest of the meat. allow the to bone, or the bone-in or the the of the lowest or such as meat or the the of the food. To the of the food with the cooking the the whole or the the thickest of the thigh, below the IMPORTANT the with other to the or the the the The properly correctly connected the when and it from the food and the to the when or from the food or the Defrost food completely the to or the the when To the of burns, the
the below to the Press the food and properly the the food. DO NOT preheat or cooking properly the The should the food and while the cool. the food the and the the meat the located the front cavity top location of The the meat correctly to and when the the the Conv or Conv and the You the meat with other features, the meat with or Clean. To the PROBE once then the internal the 170F/77C). Press START to the the the cooking the meat To the the PROBE once. seconds the the meat If the to the cooking process, the PROBE once and the to the Press the START to The when the internal reached. the to The function the 170F (77C). Instructions the reacts reaching the internal found this section. Press CANCEL to cooking IMPORTANT the reacts reaching the the cooking process. the following instructions the reacts reaching the To the to cooking reaching the Press PROBE and seconds. Press SELF CLEAN and the appears then START to To the to cooking and reaching the Press PROBE and seconds. Press SELF CLEAN and the appears then START to The U.S. of states, fresh should that cooking to food (Source: Food USDA The lowest recommended the USDA
the below to cook. The cook to cook foods The cooking that of or Crock-Pot. This roasting poultry. cooking the of becoming burnt; this cook with the following with high or The high cooking foods from to hour The cooking foods from to hour Completely thaw foods to of cooking when food or the hour of the often or the when foods. The heat that the the food to cook. the to them or or type cover to allow foods to or brown. Roasts the bone the of the Preheating the necessary. the recommended food and food thermometer to when the food Press Press SLOW COOK to choose the option Press SLOW COOK to choose the option Press START NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking process.
The to and This each of the The that with Conv Conv Breads, Preheat, and This and or below to typical 375F and to shut-off automatically). Press Preheat* the to the Press BAKE F Press COOK TIME the Press Press and START tone sounds (about seconds). NOTE Pressing the START cooking and the If to the the CANCEL the START The COOK TIME NOT include to Preheat the The to count the cooking as as the activated. This with the below to previously BAKE Press Press BAKE. The recalled. Press START NOTE Once with the information recalled when the the If recalled includes the shut-off when the nished. To section Restoring factory To overwrite cleared selecting cook of
This when the This off tones or normally the BAKE the only cooking features while the You the BAKE and the the COOK TIME option the to the the displays. The the factory Hour and the the cooking If the lights to them to the Once the light ON and the active, the light the turned off and the lights turned off. The the lights when the or closed. Should or the the OFF. the back to the BAKE SF appear the indicating the food from the while the further and of with the please the NOTE The only once the the BAKE, START, STOP and the You the once only). Press BAKE, the the and START that the or further once the the The below shows the to the (and Press Press BAKE Press START to Light, and/or Warm) to To and both the COOK TIME and DELAY START together seconds sound) and release. Once properly the the NOTE You CANCEL when the or the cooking The below shows to the Press Press and both the COOK TIME and DELAY START together seconds sound) and release. cooking features previously once
the Warmer Warmer The of the warmer to cooked foods and It recommended to heat food the warmer with food. The warmer to food items the warmer should covered with or to potholders or when food from the warmer as cookware and plates and burned. FOOD POISONING HAZARD food than hour or food or sickness. that easily such as or should the when chilled, they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when or should warmer near This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the DO NOT LEAVE CHILDREN ALONE Children should or the where They should to or of the including the warmer warmer The warmer the upright to allow food items to both and top of the or top of the and the to allow light food items and cookware or and the Warmer The warmer located the the warmer to the warmer ON and OFF and Three heat from to high Warmer light The warmer light located the warmer It when the warmer turned ON, and the warmer turned OFF.
Warmer (cont) To the Warmer the warmer and the cooked food or the warmer warmer and the to the Turn the to the Once nished, the to OFF the items. IMPORTANT the warmer while cleaning The the higher than what the Warmer TURN Warmer The recommended warmer food shown The to as only. If food item with If the or from the food. foods heat of foods to meat with and high Warmer recommended food Food Item Poultry foods Roasts or Empty plates IMPORTANT to cover food. the warmer and to clean and cookware recommended the the warmer with food when the warmer DO NOT heat food the warmer To heat warmer while
Preferences clock the below to the clock to Press Press SET CLOCK. to to Press START to or CANCEL to or hour The clock allows to choose and hour The factory clock hour. the below to the to Press Press and SET CLOCK seconds or appear the Press SELF CLEAN to switch the and hour Press START to or CANCEL to F or C the to and or The factory the below to the to Press Press and BROIL seconds or C appear the Press SELF CLEAN to switch the and C Press START to or CANCEL to offset factory and tested to the follow and If too or too from the to The increased to +35F (+19C) or to -35F (-19C) from the below to increase the Press Press and BAKE seconds UPO appear the the using the SELF CLEAN to the Press START to or CANCEL to
The factory built-in hour that off the the heating than hours and The to this the below to off hour Press Press and TIMER seconds OFF or On appear the Press SELF CLEAN to switch the OFF or On Press START to or CANCEL to Preferences The allows to the the You the off and to operating with the sounds and the below when the Press Press and DELAY START seconds BEEP appears the Press SELF CLEAN to switch the On and Press START to or CANCEL to Factory You choose to factory This or that the below Press Press and the tone sounds (about seconds). Press START The back to factory
Self-Clean self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high that those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. to the following when the self-clean Allow the to cool cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. cleaners or protective coatings or around the interior. the The of the should to or the cleaning the Leaving the DO NOT force the The locking the and These items withstand high cleaning and MUST the cavity self-clean To clean, and cloth. heavy or when subjected to high Clean from the the the and the the front of the with and These heat ciently to allow food with high or (such as tomatoes, or to the they cleaning. the self-clean the of the become to the DO NOT the DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the when the the self-clean nished. The VERY HOT The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another DO Clean DO Clean What to Cleaning While the operation, the heats to higher than those Sounds of and as the food appear through the If heavy cleaning, they and and than This and and should If the self-cleaning DO NOT Clean
self-clean The SELF CLEAN the Self-Cleaning with the Self-Cleaning The Clean allows Self-Cleaning from to hours You choose the clean hours and the If to the directly self-clean to allow the to cool and the to This normally about hour. hour self-clean actually about hours to *It to hour self-clean light hour and hour heavy (to satisfactory NOTE The should using or the Self-Clean This the associated with the Self-Clean To burns when the the Self-Cleaning to the of the when the to allow or to DO NOT force the This the locking and burns when the the Self-Cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. the Self-Clean Completed Once the cooled HOUR, and the DOOR LOCKED displayed, the then NOTE You CANCEL the cleaning the self-clean to the the DOOR off. Self-Clean below to Cleaning or to of and shut-off hour Self-Clean Press the clock with the of the EMPTY and the closed. Press SELF CLEAN The hour self-cleaning If or hour hour or hour the cleaning based the amount of light, or heavy If the optional Self-Clean Press DELAY START the Self-Clean using the Press START NOTE Allow about seconds the to as the the to automatically. Once the the DOOR LOCKED light ashing and The from the to when the Self-Cleaning should The Self-Cleaning the IMPORTANT If self-clean to completely cleaned. and the another self-clean The to cool another self-clean The force of hours
and Cleaning Cleaning and cloth. with cloth. Painted and Painted Decorative and Clean following instructions. with and to thoroughly the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or the to the cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and cleaners of these they scratch. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the cleaning the to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean and dishcloth. with clean using dishcloth. to from the cloth the when around the or around the to the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean the with using or cloth. with clean and with cloth. cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that scouring with scouring with of clear and If with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. cleaners the the The of Self-Cleaning which should to or this Cleaning
instructions lights IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, hitting, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should the Self-clean and Cleaning the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection or burns. The lights turn ON when the The lights manually operated the The light covered with shield. The shield to cleaned manually or to light. THIS GLASS SHIELD MUST BE IN PLACE WHENEVER THE OVEN IS IN USE. To the light the Round Light: Turn the off the or the The covered with shield screwed with only Please allow to the when replacing. This the of the to cover the when the shield The shield whenever the Turn back the (or the back The clock then to shield
and Cleaning and the The when and the the the IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, hitting, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the The should the Self-clean To completely with the both and right from the completely the such as screwdriver both of the the the to the (the this closing). With the the the the located each of the To both of the the the the as the seat the of the the located each of the Also, seat the notch of the the of the the seat the The and notch of the seated the and of the the with the and the both and right to the locked the locations with C Around
and the (cont) cleaning and and cleaning to to using the apply the recommended Cleaning to the of that cleaning with and stores. Clean and with towel. This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning become to notch and Cleaning or with rough or scratch the or the as or the cook foods directly the without heavy or the they to crack or Cleaning the cleaning the the turned to OFF and the COOL. DO NOT The to health, and chemically the light to Apply of CookTop Cleaning directly to the to the the cleaned thoroughly, the to the other heavy, clean the as Then, with holding to the with cleaning and clean.
and Cleaning Cleaning the to the or foods with high These of immediately or the (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the (as Allow the to cool, and the heavy or and of the thin cooking or allow to the ANY The of than that of other when or the If allowed to the to, or the permanently the the following the cleaners and scouring such as and They scratch the to clean. cleaners, such as bleach, or cleaners, as they or the cloths or towels, as they or the which and
Removing and the To the the to the each of the and the right the from the To the the to the front of the each of the cavity the each of the with the cavity the the cavity click (approximately If hear the click or the seated the and thru with with Right and Cleaning
to service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this and displays of the and appear to and to the or when the supply to the interrupted, the ash. The the clock securely connected the and/or connected. Cord with or authorized servicer. Service or authorized servicer. house lights to Short properly. instructions to the House blown or tripped immediately following House and screw or securely. light Burned-out or Follow the instructions Light to or the Self-cleaning cooking factors hints, and the recommended or cooking too lightweight or warped. cookware foods cook evenly. or from CANCEL to clear the and the from the If the the CANCEL and authorized servicer. the closed. the and the from the properly. Follow instructions Self-Clean. this or amounts of grease the If or About the section. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX
completely self-cleaning completed to Check/reset or If the heat or of the armored with the this corrected Too heat Turn to slightly higher Incorrect to the too or enough Food heating cookware. Select at-bottomed cookware of to Incorrect or amount of heat obtained. Scratches or to Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat searing operation. Meat properly from to curling, the Grease the the with the and the to allow grease to the without or cover with DO NOT the without the or the with to cleaned. Grease built cleaning when frequently. Grease or food to from top of of or These the self-cleaning enough to burn Clean these the self-cleaning started. cleaned with and or to the the self-clean cleaning Incorrect or amount of heat obtained. of heat and slightly. Lightweight or warped used. only balanced, or cookware. incorrect. properly connected to the only balanced, or cookware. heat than warped affects heating. and weight heat evenly. lightweight heat unevenly, foods burn easily. Coarse (such as or and and of scratches cooking and become with Cleaning recommended used. section this with rough used. at-bottomed, smooth Selecting this or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX
to cooking pre-heat the when breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting or The cooking and to slightly from BAKING CAUSES CORRECTIONS PROBLEMS and burn the Choose that to to of when the too top or Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than recommended. the 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. when cooking and Chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded. heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too frequently. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX Allow to preheat to the selected food 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to shortest recommended
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the from of purchase. and to repaired the home. including, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or cations as or illustrated to without USA Products, Inc., Charlotte, NC Terry L5V 3E4 Warranty
www.electrolux-store.com