Instructions Instructions
Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the Printed Thinking acting
Instructions The of Appliance of the Cut-out the First Initial Cleaning the TOUCH CONTROL Switching On the Appliance Switching the Appliance Selection Heat Selection and Switching the On and Switching the On and Stop+Go Function Switching off Heat with the Function without the Function and with and without Cleaning and What to Rectifying
Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Assembly Service Warranty Conditions
Instructions The aspects of this with technical and the Appliance However, as responsibility to with the following instructions. The and of the Repairs to the only to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please AEG Service Force Please follow these instructions, otherwise the warranty cover that Flush-mounted operated following tion and workplaces which to the This protection as the VDE [Association of If malfunctions or cracks or splits appear: switch off cooking the from the electricity supply. Child The cooking become when cook. Therefore, children from the This cooking and the It or the to heat the when near the leads with the Instructions
Instructions Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should when foods or chips). Switch off the cooking Cleaning reasons the with or high cleaner. Clean the with the and cleaning structions this to to the the cooking as or The of the to Please when and around. the cook with or with or them. tough, and impervious to It or to of or which with rough or burrs. Moving these around scratches. If or containing cooking and immediately, while If to cool the when or to from the or cooking wraps. If other or the these should cleaned immediately, using
of the of the recycled; and expanded polyurethane identified. Please of and, properly. Please follow the and and refuse Information The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or Warning! of them the lead. Instructions
Instructions The of Appliance cooking The cooking and cooking The heater the amount of the to heat operated TOUCH CONTROL The of the cooking and the their cleaning. The easy to section: Cleaning and On/Off field: to the field On/Off switch, the switch with which the to the completely switched and off with Stop+Go field: Touching this cooking currently to the function: touching the field the to their This function useful from the cooker. Displays: displays information about selected heat functions activated and heat the cooking that cooking switch off of the Warm: this food heat heat shown the the cooking becomes that there of burn- cooking The with cooking the as round or cooking or or food Three-size The cooking This to to This switched off the grated the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off.
of the cooking 1200W cooking 2300W with selection with displays heat heat Heat Instructions 2400W cooking 1200W Stop+Go On/Off
Instructions The four to the four cooking and the following indications: when switched and when switched off the function, when cooking selected, when the selected, to the selected ,when when Heat there Cut-out If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. appears the that switched and they cooled The switched off Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours If or cooking switch off the indicated section What to the Cut-out To the activated the switched off and then the ON/OFF field. this the cooking ready Switching Other Reasons that the cooking to switch off immediately. If cloth the the both the to switched the switch the or cloth.
using the first Initial Cleaning the with cloth. cleaners! The Instructions
Instructions the cooking switched it This of cooking and the function or the of the TOUCH CONTROL field. To the TOUCH CONTROL field from the field the displays or or the function Switching the Appliance The switched the On/Off field. Touch the On/Off field seconds. The displays and the flash. Once the On/Off field operated to switch the pliance, of the cooking selected within seconds the cooking selection buttons. the switches off reasons.
Switching the Appliance To switch off the completely the On/Off field. Touch the field second. cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking Selection To the cooking the field second. with light the cooking The that this cooking Instructions
Instructions Heat Selection and and the heat to the selected cooking field to increase the heat the heat with field If cooking the cooking selected touching the field the heat The the shows which cooking selected. The function with four cooking Select the cooking using the the field, the The to this the cooking finally switched off.
Switching the On and Select the cooking the heat To switch the or off the field, the or off. Instructions
Instructions Switching the On and the of the or when the cooking each of the cooking switched turn, to the cooking using the field the These activiated the already switched Select the cooking the heat
the field. The switched The the II Touching the field activates the outer heating The III To switch off the heating the field; the outer heating switched off. Instructions
Instructions Stop+Go Function touching the "Stop+Go" field, cooking switched to the The indicated the If the "Stop+Go" field touched the previously selected restored. The the "Stop+Go" function. If function selected with phase this the "Stop+Go" function and when the "Stop+Go" field The function to this the cooking finally switched off.
Switching off cooking Select the cooking with the cooking Touch and to switch off or field back to cooking switched off when the the Instructions
Instructions Heat cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking the cooking switched off, the heat when the cooking cold. You the heat and food as the heat there of burns. If the supply the and information about heat to yourself. This around the
with the function. four of the cooking and function: lowest heat highest heat function the heat the field, the cooking and then switch to the selected heat The of the function the heat selected. Select the cooking with the cooking Touch reaches the heat to The heat displayed first. seconds function) the heat the At the of the the heat shown Instructions
Instructions If the function higher from to the to match. If the once. If cooking cooking that the tomatic function the heat. This and If to switch cooking which items already should the heat with the this the food as of the burst of heat from the without the function. If to the cooking without the heat with the Switch the and the the cooking selection buttons. field to the heat from to You the heat the and tons, the cooking selected. Switching off cooking Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Press the and buttons to switch off. the cooking should without tomatic
cooking with the integrated cooking the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off automatically. the cooking field, the cooking and the heat Touch the TIMER field to the function this cooking appear the the or or the of the to switch off seconds the and switch off. the active the cooking light the top to the cooking At the of the the cooking switch off tomatically and acoustic sound. Touch the TIMER field to switch off the and Instructions
Instructions To the the or field the reached. If the operated first, the the operated first, the the cooking If cooking which the cooking appears the the to of of the cooking should with the Touch the around seconds.. The flashes. Touch the TIMER field to the function. the or the of The to seconds, and the the sounded. Touch the TIMER field, to switch off the the function There of switching off the early: Switching off the cooking and Select the cooking the cooking buttons. the and buttons The cooking and switch off. Switching off the the cooking active Select the cooking the cooking buttons. the the and buttons the switch off. The cooking
and The the the the You their bases. The should as thick and as when to the of the base. often the of the with or the which or to or with rough, burred or base. This scratching the the cold, normally slightly They should outwards If to of cooker, please the instructions. You the following and switching the cooking cooking and increase the and to cover completely. Switch off the cooking the of the cooking to the heat such as to foods or The of the should the as the cooking reduces cooking to Instructions
Instructions cooking with and without The function that off cold, heated high and to continually watched when cooking the selected heat that The function goulash, and that turning correctly, and then cooked, with amounts of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food (using the and then the to cooking heat You the heat food of the when first the You then which heat the dishes" the to with You then the of the tion and about
Typical Heat The information the following The heat cooking the of the and the type and of food. Heat cooking without the function, the selected as required. heating or the and then cooking foods that cooking heat Frying to Steaming of Warming Frying frying Warming amounts of Steaming and of cooking and Instructions of doughnuts
Instructions Cleaning and Cleaning with the cleaning with of clean cleaning they when the heated! cleaners such as or or cleaners. Clean the each when to the or cold. This becoming burnt and and with using or such as Light the with cloth and Then with cloth. of the Thoroughly the cooking once with or cleaner. Then the of clean and with fluff-free cloth. Stubborn To food that or splashes, the to the the You and cleaners from Service Force
burnt-on tic, or other with and while There of burning when the cooking Then the normally when cooled If the cooking which thing already cooled cleaning. Scratches or the caused with they the function of the Instructions
Instructions What to Rectifying It that caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! Repairs to the only to service Improperly effected repairs to the If please Service Force What the cooking whether the or the the household tripped. If the or the please the properly switched the the the cooking switched the cooking to the heat cooking section the cooking switched off the switch section the cooking switched whether the section the than seconds operating the On/Off and switching the cooking section Switching the the partially covered cloth or with the to or heat? Check whether the On/Off operated the partially covered cloth, or the switch activated.
switching off the cooking neither heat appears the whether the cooking only and therefore enough. If the cooking AEG service. cooking switched off? whether the partially covered cloth or the activated. cooking switched whether the activated. shown the whether the cooking overheated. This lights to overheating, or reasons. Customer Service. If to caused incorrect of the the service of charge, the warranty Instructions
Instructions Instructions The and Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Technical Appliance Corner R5 cooking cooking right cooking right cooking Heating Connected
Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating of household EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE EN VDE relating to basic protection (EMC) This with the following EU Directives: 93/68/EWG CE Directive 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG). Instructions
Instructions Instructions the the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and of fire protection, this to type (EN this type of with high or the The shock protection. The which the the of DIN protection to sealed with On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action with resin or hesive. that the correctly seated the and that seated the without Additional applied; this when servicing. The from below when Clean the around the the around the the top of the The of the should the of of the the (allow the each other.
connecting, that the of the that the stated the rating to the The rating located the casing of the The heating AC230 The perfectly networks with AC220 The to connected to the using that allows the to disconnected from the with of least protecting out,earth type H05VV-F or with higher as the connecting The as shown the The necting should to the The earth connected to The earth than leads carrying The with tions and the screws securely. Finally, the to with the cleat and the covering closed switching the first protective or from the Once connected to the supply that cooking ready switching each the Instructions
Instructions
Assembly Assembly
Assembly
Assembly
Service Service If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including Clear and of the to the telephone that of the following that the rating The rating plate located the of the PNC that the that them to hand: PNC of purchase. Please that to of purchase service customers should that the chapter headed What to read, as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High SL1 1DZ recorded Service
Warranty Warranty Great Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic, or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 600-NO-120202-01 to without