INSTRUCTION BOOK GB
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or using the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to know the of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ
to the operating instructions: information and information
These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer the the or cracked. This to the instructions supplied. the specifications or to the The cooking only. It that the the OFF when the If or crack becomes the immediately from the electricity supply and AEG Service Force or the the while or heating and Child children allowed to with the or with the The when Children should the cooled. and Cleaning clean this with the instructions this Service Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunction of the Repairs AEG Service Force the off the of and authorised
The four cooking turned the heat selected. the highest the to that the over-heated. The and to withstand heat, and to the At the front of the the there four Each to cooking the field concerned which CHEC function and the which the There three and CHEC Information about to the CHEC function found the section instructions. The CHEC function allows of the CHEC to the heat with which that to the heat constantly. CHEC the with the following of AUTOMAX of Child heat switch off "H" the that the The heat to the reaches of 80C.
of Turn the buttons to the The the To the buttons to the You then of the within seconds. The light the the You the child permanently as follows: Turn the buttons to and to Turn of the immediately to
Protection of the protective should to the This to the as as from burnt the This what to of cleaning such as of and the the Polish the with cloth
Switch (to the the cooking the the cooking the front. the cooking the the cooking the front. The of heat plates from to lowest heat heat. OFF. cooking the section the that Choose the From to (both Turn the Turn back to the From to Turn the back to and choose the
Residual-Heat switch off "H" the that the The heat to as as the 80C. The continuously from to the highest There AUTOMAX of to the from the Please the of The and and and The and and The and the of which
CHEC If to cooking off disconnected of The higher the the the the disconnected. AUTOSTOP hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours hours the function activated the The used. Turn the buttons to The used. AUTOMAX the with heat and then to the chosen. AUTOMAX automatically. The and the chosen. The which AUTOMAX connected the chosen. Please the of
Disconnection of AUTOMAX: If to AUTOMAX, the following Turn the to OFF Then the to the the the Turn the to The Then the to the If to the turn off the and then the to the Child and of the child the section the child activated the
the the following to Turn the buttons to the of the within seconds. The light the the You the permanently as follows: Turn the buttons to and to Turn of the buttons immediately to
and hints the cooking If the below and cleaning the cooking correctly. Select the highest the the food brought to the Then reduce the as as without the food off the increase the electricity to whether the item top and positioning the base. base, both and outwards, the cooking and increase the The should match the or slightly that If the of the too the increase, and food the cooking with shiny/bright the cooking slightly with cooking with bases. tightly the Without than three as electricity.
the of the the when or from the the of the and with cloth them the This to reduce cleaning and scratching the off whilst the Select the highest the cooking the food brought to the then reduce the with base. based increase the electricity to The should match the cooking or slightly tightly the to reduce electricity
reasons of and the cooking clean. Grease and food when heated, and fire. Splashguard The splashguard to to the What to the splashguard as shown the the splashguard straight Clean the top as cleaning the of the which the splashguard ENSURE that the round. or to off the splashguard. the splashguard dishwasher. The with the splashguard off.
Clean the with cloth amount of become coloured with to this or other cleaning The Immediately off caused food which the with the containing and while the If the allowed to cool become the heat and cookware. the cooking should with cloth with follow these with the that the cooled cleaning such as the with cloth or Tough the with off cleaning with cloth. with cloth, required. that the when heat heated while
The the become scratched and with performance. blemishes covered the warranty and the operation of the and immediately, while the using the with the plastic, or containing including as these and craters the thoroughly with the cleaning with the which with the cleaned throughly the ceramic-top Defects the which related to the covered the warranty. Warning: and to The the heating when operation.
to this to these instructions The mounted type of with top whose thickness and Clearance The the top of the top and the least Fixing Screw the fixing to such that they turned the top. Tighten the to the top with ordinary screwdriver. Cut-out One the chosen. The of the of of externally measured length, Mounting of Beams with each included with each two-burner combinations, each
It to the to the top as specially which incorporated the The externally measured ceramic-top Two-burner ceramic-top Four-burner ceramic-top of mounting half-or worktopsurface which thicker than to notch both of the as shown the The of these notches to the
The only The with using heavy The comply with the electricity supply authority. There interference with of the The mounted the as shown. Unscrew the cover while connecting the directly to the or the outlet More connected or boxes. The connected switch with of least each Please these instructions, otherwise the warranty that zero-earth type HO5VV-F, and earth. The and
240V 6400W heat front Right back Right front This to conformity with the (73/23/EEC) and the EMC (89/336/EEC).
If the correctly, please the following AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, the Sympton The The blowing The cooking heat sufficiently that the connected to the eletricity supply. that the house blown. necessary. AEG Service Force The cooking match the of the cooking that the cooking holding them the of the top, Bring of to the with The cooking should to the highest The the cooking The the cooking The the cooking
Child activated. activated. If these correctly, AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that it to of purchase service Turn the shows buttons with child to Then of the within seconds. Turn the shows buttons to The used.
the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering customers should that the recommended the heading "Something Not Working" as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ
AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction Should repairs the purchaser inform the AEG Service Force AEG the right to the of the customer's of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchaser's rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country.
please Customer below, to them of They then that the service of and to and UK