C67600K induction and Instructions
Dear customer, Please these operating instructions to the section information the first Please these operating instructions them to owners of the The following the instructions Warning: Information concerning Information to the Information and information These to the These operating instructions information to rectify malfunction. to the section What to the of technical please tomer service and found the "Customer Service You should to the section "Service". Printed recycled acting
Instructions The of Appliance of the Appliance and Function and the the Induction Works The Cut-out. Induction and cooking the Initial the Touch Switching On the Appliance Switching the Appliance. Selection. Heat Selection. Activating the function Switching the On and Switching off with the Heating-Up Function without the Heating-Up Function Heat the and with and without Chart the Chart the Heating-Up Cleaning and Cleaning and the Induction
What to Rectifying Instructions Technical Regulations, Directives Instructions the Service Assembly
Instructions The aspects of this comply with technical and the Appliance as responsibility to with the following instructions. The installation and of the Repairs to the to Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. If please or Please follow these instructions, otherwise the warranty cover that Flush-mounted only operated following tion and workplaces which to the This protection as the VDE [Association of If malfunctions or cracks or splits appear: switch off cooking the from the electricity supply. Child The cooking become when cook. Therefore, children from the This cooking and the home. It or the to heat the when the leads with the
Overheated and catch fire quickly. You should cooking when foods or chips). Switch off the cooking Notes Induction shown that who with normally affected or induction cooking The the and the cooking should, howev- than and with rechargeable credit cards, the while or induction cooking the induc- tion as they when the induction cookware when induction cooking This the and its function paired as Cleaning reasons the with or high cleaner. Clean the with the and cleaning structions this To Appliance the as or the cooking when there or the empty. to shock and however and that the cooking or with rough, burred or base. Scratching the the the Scratching and to the
that or the these If or with with the cooking and there cleaned off immediately with while If the when items and that from the plastics, or If something of this should the immediately using the
of the Plastics as follows: >PE< as the outer wrapping and the >PS< as the They completely free of CFCs. of Warning: of please them that they the of To this, the from the supply and the lead. To the that of the The of with household You information about or refuse from refuse or
The of Appliance cooking The cooking including rapid-heating cooking with high-performance and induction cooking With the induction the of the cooking heated first, the operated using The of the cooking and the their cleaning. The smooth, easy to clean. On/Off field: The field the with switch. Touching this switches the or off completely. and function or information about functions activated, as as heat of the cooking that cooking switch off of the With this the the cook- temporarily increased. the foods heat heat shown the the cooking becomes that there of burn- cooking The with cooking the as round or cooking or or food switched off the grated the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off.
of the Appliance and Radiated heat cooking Touch-Control-Panel Induction with function selection Heat displays Radiated heat cooking with displays operation function/ activation Heat On/Off and Induction cooking
Function and the the Induction Works induction beneath the cooking This which directly the of the and and as with other heating first heating the This that the of the immediately heated which and Since the heat cooking directly the of the the cooking It the flected heat from the base. If there or the cooking there (heating and therefore protection the cooking switched cooling of this and the of the induction cooking The cooling The cooling to the cooking switched off. The to and four appear the The the cooking Lowest capacity Highest The following and functions cooking Heat extinguishes when the cooking cooled This appears only the cooking switched off. heating-up the cooking to heating-up; the switches to the cooking Lights when the switch-off function What to
The following and displayed only with the cooking flashes the cooking activated and the cooking or and function lights when the function activated. The function extra-high heating capacity. It the front cooking Cut-out If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. appears the that switched and they cooled The switched off Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours Heat hours If or cooking switch off the indicated section What to the Cut-out To the activated the switched off and then using the ON/OFF field. this the cooking ready Switching Other Reasons that the cooking to switch off immediately. If cloth the the both the to switched the switch the or cloth.
Induction and and with These as as cast-iron and High with base, with base) induction only the them as such. that they the base. If to type of cooker, please the tions. and specif- ically as induction), or induction cooking The cooking reacts as without or the induction! If or cooking or the induction cooking this as follows: with height) the cooking Switch the cooking to (switch The of heats within seconds! You this with If to the the induction cooking to the induction cooking to the of the the of the of the cooking of the cooking of the least of the cooking of the least of the cooking of the least
Please the of the when the specify the top of their The induction cooking function when used. If the cooking switched without flashes the of the cooking about the cooking switches off cally. appears the when overheating heating that empty) or with the the The cooking switches off automatically. To to the cooking first switched off and then to the heat and cooking On and with heat cooking You the of the and from the from which the The should as thick and as Rough scratch the when they about. with or the which or to The and cooking should the Attention! and The and then scratch the cooking when and with and burrs scratch.
the First Initial Cleaning the with cloth. cleaners! The
the Touch To the Touch field from the field the displays or or the function Switching On the Appliance The switched the On/Off field. Touch the seconds. The displays and the flash. Once the operated to switch the pliance, of the cooking selected within seconds the cooking selection buttons. the switches off reasons. Switching the Appliance To switch off the completely the On/Off field. Touch the On/Off field second.
cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking Selection To the cooking the field second. with light the cooking The that only this cooking Heat Selection and the heat to the selected cooking field to increase the heat the heat with field
If cooking the cooking selected touching the field the heat The the shows which cooking selected. Activating the function to switch the function (front cooking the cooking selected the Touch the function field appears the and the function activated. The function activated of Following this the cooking switch to heat The function switched off the following Touching the function field Touching the While the function of the front cooking active, the front right induction cooking operated heat of If higher than or A) the front right cook- the heat the heat selected and as the function the front right cooking to the previously heat
Switching the On and Select the the heat To switch the or off the field, the or off.
Switching off Select the cooking with the cooking Touch and to switch off or back to cooking switched off when the the cooking
with the Heating-Up Function four cooking of the cooking field and heating-up function: Lowest heat Highest heat function. With the heating-up function the cooking ates and then switches back to the heat selected further The of the heating-up function the heat selected further the cooking with the cooking The the associated field With the or the cooking Stop and the field
lights the heat Next, the field and the heat to The heat selected further cooking then displayed. seconds, appears the instead of the heat selected further The heat the heating-up If higher heat when the function operation, from to the heating-up account. If then the function brought to If cooking cooking that the heating-up function the heat. This and
without the Heating-Up Function heating up/browning, high as or the switch back to the heat the of the cooking to to cooking with the induction cooking should account that the heating-up reduced the to the the cooking immediately the cooking switched off Heat cooking or the switched off, heat shown with the the cooking the cooking switched off, the heat when the cooking cold. You the heat and food as the heat there of burns. If the supply the and information about heat to yourself. This when the
the With the of the On/Off field the cooking to the such as when with cloth. This function as Touch the lock the To release the the lock field continuously the Child If the completely switched off using the field while the then the when the switched To the cooking the locking function as
cooking with the integrated cooking the of the cooking reached, the cooking switches off automatically. the cooking field, the cooking and the heat Touch the TIMER field to the function this cooking appear the the or or the of the to switch off seconds the and switch off. the active the cooking light the top to the cooking At the of the cooking the switch off tomatically and acoustic sound. Touch the TIMER field to switch off the and
To the quickly, the or field the reached. If the field operated first, the the field operated first, the the cooking If cooking which the cooking appears the the to of of the cooking should with the Touch the field around seconds. The flashes. Touch the TIMER field to the function. the or the of The to seconds, and the the sounded. the TIMER field, to switch off the the function There of switching off the early: Switching off the cooking and Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the and The cooking and switch off. Switching off the the cooking active Select the cooking the cooking buttons. Touch the Touch the and the switch off. The cooking
and with and without The function that off cold, heated high and to continually watched when cooking the selected heat that The function goulash, and that turning correctly, and then braised cooked, with amounts of cooking with of soup/stew with than of cooking without the function, the of high heat to the food the and then the to cooking heat You the heat food of the when first the You then which heat the dishes" the accustomed to with You then the of the tion and about The the following The switch cooking the of the and and the type and of the
Chart the Heat Heating of or Heating cooking Browning Frying frites (chips), browning meat, of Frying meat, chops, roasting, doughnuts. of food, and meat or Steaming Steaming or dishes, of or heating ready-to- Steaming or meat
Chart the Heating-Up foods Heat Duration Notes/tips thin A3 to A5 Soups to frosting buckwheat Ready Chocolate/but- Roasting A6 to A7 A6 to A7 Steaming A3 to A5 A2 to A3 least the of to the sionally Heating A2 to A3 the the to A2 Thickening to A2 Without occasionally! A7 to A8 A2 to A4 spoonfulls) Turn Turn Turn
Cleaning and Cleaning and the Induction The cleaning induction than cooking with heating: The induction cooking reacts to switching and off. and burning of to The the clearly with inductive cooking than with the heating Since the heat the food or possibly the burnt as Cleaning with the cleaning with of clean cleaning they when the heated! cleaners such as or or cleaners. Clean the each when to the or cold. This becoming burnt and and with or such as Light the with cloth and Then with cloth. of the Thoroughly the cooking once with or cleaner. Then the of and with fluff-free cloth.
Stubborn To food that or splashes, the to the the You and cleaners from burnt-on tic, or other with and while There of burning when the cooking Then the normally when cooled If the cooking which thing already cooled cleaning. Scratches or the caused with they the function of the or the otherwise appear. the with cloth and with cloth. Then off and
What to Rectifying It that caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! Repairs to the to service Improperly repairs to the If please or service. If the please the the when service. What to the or the or cracked. Switch off cooking Switch off the the cooking or the cooking whether the the house intact. If than once, the switched properly, the lights the operating the cooking switched the to the heat chapter the shut-down the cooking the cooking switch whether the operating chapter the operating of than seconds operating the On/ switch and the selected cooking chapter Switching the the partially covered cloth or
the heat to or whether the switch activated the covered cloth, or the shut-down activated. the or displayed the heat switching off the cooking whether the cooking and therefore enough. If the cooking please service. cooking switched off whether the covered cloth or the switched cooking switched whether the switched the flashing whether the located the cooking the of the too the cooking the induction. appears the whether the cooking overheated. switch off the cooking and cool switching the cooking the the cooking You the cooking switching off and
the function switched Switch off the cooking If this repeatedly whether the the and the facing covered the when the ance chapter Installation).
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty that Technical Appliance Height Corner R5 2200W function W) Rear 1200W Rear right 1500/2400W right 1400W The to and of used.
Regulations, Directives This the following EN and EN relating to the of household and and EN or DIN relating to the operating features of and household EN EN EN EN relating to protection (EMC). This with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EWG Directive) 89/336/EWG (EMC Directive including Directive 92/31/EWG).
Instructions the the which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and of fire protection, this to type (EN this type of with high or the The shock protection. The which the the of DIN protection to sealed with On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action with resin or hesive. that the correctly seated the and that seated the without Additional applied; this when servicing. The from below when
connecting, that the of the that the stated the rating to the The rating located the casing of the The heating AC230V~. The perfectly with AC220V~. The to to the that allows the to disconnected from the with of least protecting out,earth type H05VV-F or with higher as the connecting The as shown the The necting should to the The earth connected to The earth than leads carrying The with tions and the screws securely. Finally, the to with the cleat and the covering closed switching the first protective or from the Once connected to the supply that ready switching each the
Service the What to section of malfunctions that rectify there first technical If please service (You and telephone the section Customer Service the This of the and to service necessary: Please of the following information as as What the what the to the telephone that of the following that the rating PNC that the that them to hand: PNC: S-No: the warranty the using the section What to the service to with the information his and therefore, forexample, to These phone as scribed
Assembly
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without 345-B-270802-10 Sous