Instructions Warmer Informations..... Cleaning You to Common Warranty
(United States) Please reference. incluye P/N 318203810E. Spanish Products P. O. GA rights Printed United States Congratulations Congratulations purchase of At Products, of and completely to with the service priority. know and Thank You choosing hope purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instructions and information the features. The graphics shown The graphics exactly those shown. These instructions to cover and that Common and when operating and Please and below reference. Purchase Product Product The PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and to Products. Plate Location Plate Location only)
instructions this these instructions reference. This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions of these This to that serious death or property This to that or property SLIDE-IN MODELS ONLY to with tion tions. and using the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe and grounded the United States with National ANSI/NFPA and and with CSA C22.1 PART and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of ServicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should only to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the Instructions To reduce the of of the the properly with the To the (s) properly, the or and that the (s) to the instructions or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other injury. when burns. the or warmer or ApplianceFlammable should or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the ance. and fire or property items of to the the Children the to reach items seriously Children should or the where They should to or of the DROP-IN MODELS ONLY To reduce the of of the the properly screws with the To the screws properly, the and that the screws to the instructions screw installation. to with tion tions.
DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE UNITS, AREAS NEAR THESE UNITS, OVEN HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTE- RIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN OR WARMER DRAWER Both and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the facing the the and these and Wear or should while the ance. clothing or other or heating the Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from the potholders heating or towel or other cloth instead of potholder. Not Heat Unopened Food ContainersBuild of the to burst and injury. the from to or IMPORTANTDo to the If the the off. If the turned off and the the to Food catch fire or the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours connecting to the supply. Instructions IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOKTOP which each heating This with or of enough to the The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to the efficiency. Should Turned and Should Not Units To reduce the of burns, of and to with the The of the should that and Units and greasy that or that Protective to or other of the as recommended as cover the food. other of protective or of shock or fire or of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other service without to the the Not Decorative If turned the cover become and possibly the covers touched. to the FOR GLASS COOKTOPS ONLY Not Clean or If should cleaning and the and of shock. immediately. Clean with If or cloth to cooking to burn. cleaners to
scratching the with IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or Warmer to the of the when the of or or food the warmer Ducts Unobstructed. The the front the or through the right Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of location while cool. from the If while potholders and the with both to potholders the or of the the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover the or warmer with and grease light with cloth. Doing the to the or off the to the and light IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR RANGE Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the tions cleaning. Instructions Cleaners/aerosols follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and/or SELF-CLEANING OVENS: Clean the self-cleaning the of the this owner's self-cleaning the the and the clean the The should to or the racks. the self-cleaning cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the racks. the self-cleaning The health of to the off the self-clean of to another IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Convection cover Self-Cleaning or or with or or with or lights with The of to At front and and Convection Serve or only, with or with lights with with Clock and Bridge Right and Right front and Light, or One with
with NOTE: shown this owner's typical the the and the to The light when or turned the off the The and type of used, and the amount and type of food cooked influence the cooking of HI (MAX) foods, to (MED) thicken and (MED-LOW) food LO (MIN) The found the chart based cooking thickness with when other of items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the
with C that heat of these OFF OFF shown NOTE Please instructions cleaning the Cleaning section and You section of this and NOTE that allows the to and off, the HI This to to the smooth top. the HI and the cookware too the or the cookware to Selecting OFF OFF About the The located below the of the The of the the of the the of the matches the of the the Heat through the of the to the cookware. cookware should used. The type and of cookware, the of and their factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns. About the The and the the red. To the selected the and off. The heating enough heat to and heat the off off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. Locations of the and with with ratings. The to heat food and increases as the increases. The located the as follows: or inch the right and rear or inch the right and front and and C One inch the right One or inch the with or inch the right front or inch located the front with inch the right or inch the right front inch located both the front and front and Bridge The BRIDGE the that the front NOTE to the high intensity of heat the the when the turned off. This phenomenon and the back to its white completely cooled (White only).
with with the chart to the the of food The to and of foods such as and The foods and or The and type of cookware the cooking Recommended Bridge and of HIGH foods, to MEDIUM HIGH fry, MEDIUM thicken and MEDIUM LOW foods LOW The (ESEC) The (ESEC) includes The ESEC the the These the as the thru The ESEC The ESEC heat from to and OFF the chart top of to the the of food The to and of foods such as and The foods and or The and type of cookware influence the cooking appear to cooled they off. The light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched cooled sufficiently. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light off. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the OFF OFF OFF OFF
with (continued) The (ESEC) Lights of the the become turning of these OFF, the HOT The light whenever of the becomes HOT. The light ON while and OFF once the cooled sufficiently. ESEC (flashing (or ANY of the the ON If should to of the to the OFF This the Once the to the OFF the should to operation. If the function and the following these authorized servicer ESEC The ESEC Self-Clean the ESEC active, appear with Only) The location as shown to To the correctly cookware the and the to the Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to Each amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. recommended Right Rear and front C Right Rear and front Rear Bridge as
with the with Only) with C with located the right front the to which of the heat. The that the heat and The that both and heat and You switch from To the correctly cookware the and the counterclockwise cookware or clockwise cookware. Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to Each amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. recommended appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off. OFF C C OFF
with the Bridge with Only) with BRIDGE located the front and The Bridge when cooking with or cookware. The both of the Bridge. If cookware, the Bridge without the Bridge Bridge located the each of the Bridge These the to the when operating the Bridge The that the of the Bridge heat The that both the and Bridge of the heat together You switch from either of these with the Bridge To the Bridge Only): correctly the Bridge and turn the counterclockwise and to heat the of the Bridge cookware or clockwise and or cookware. Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too Please that cookware the Bridge correctly. cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. The BRIDGE with the these to cook while the other to food recommended appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off. Bridge without Bridge Bridge with Bridge
(Continued) Selecting should that with the heating Check rotating the of the cookware to follow the using cookware as shown The and type of cookware influence the cooking The cookware and heat from the to the The ALUMINUM heat of food to cookware If the they which scratches. these immediately. COPPER heat easily. STAINLESS STEEL heat with cooking easy to and CAST IRON heat however heat once cooking reached. Not recommended PORCELAIN-ENAMEL METAL Heating characteristics coating smooth to scratching cooktops. GLASS heat Not recommended scratch the Circulation the and allow around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. cooking
This that ON and OFF to the cool. It to the OFF, immediately and then ON while. Location with The through the right the released through the This the and DO NOT the Doing fire or to the OVEN VENT ALWAYS ARRANGE OVEN RACKS WHEN THE OVEN IS COOL (PRIOR TO OPERATING THE OVEN). when the to the with The located right of the front and when the the released through the This the and OVEN VENT RECOMMENDED RACK POSITIONS FOR BROILING, BAKING ROASTING Food or or cakes, or food yeast, or of meat or or when food. Removing and To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back
Warmer (If Warmer Ready) The the upright to allow food items to both and top of the or top of the and the to allow to light food items and or and the the Warmer as shown the Warmer The of the Warmer to cooked foods with food. It recommended to heat food the Warmer food the Warmer should covered with or to quality. to cover food. the and to clean. only and cookware recommended the Warmer potholders or when food from the Warmer as cookware and plates and burned. Warmer Selection Recommended Warmer shown If food listed, with the MED If the or from the food. foods the MED of foods to instance, meat with and the HI To heat the Warmer while To the Warmer The and lights the Warmer features located the The and HI (high), MED and LO Touch the the Warmer The Warmer light flash. If further touched within seconds the to the Warmer ON clear. the Touch once to ON the HI or to turn ON the LO The Warmer light located the ON steady. of the or or increase through from HI to MED to LO preheat the Warmer the food preheat the food ready the once to the Warmer OFF. The Warmer light OFF. The Warmer the self-clean The warmer with which force when and closing the Warmer Warmer recommended Food Table Food Item HI HI Poultry HI Chops HI HI HI MED MED MED Roasts MED MED MED MED MED LO Empty Plates LO Warmer
cooking heat the breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting meat or The cooking and to slightly from and the too top or the when cooking Informations and Chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded. heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too frequently. Corrections Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to only shortest recommended
Broiling of cooking of meat heat the of the to the Stop when to the turning or food. The and its allow grease to and from the high heat of the DO NOT the without its DO NOT cover the with The grease Should fire the and off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. Clean-Up Tips: To cleaning the of the with DO NOT cover the with To grease from the from the as as cooking completed. the off grease. the HOT, Clean the as as each If necessary, scouring scratch the Informations Preheating Preheating when searing the preheating. To preheat, the to BROIL as instructed the the to become red-hot, usually about Preheating necessary when To the food and cook the Season and to the turning or food. the food closely. the from the the thickness and of meat, and preferred. The first usually than the second.
Cleaning of cleaning of the turned OFF and the COOL. REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND HEAVY SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANING WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MAJOR CLEANING LATER. Painted and and and Decorative and and and Warmer and Cavity Cleaning to Clean and cloth. with cloth. cloth, with and or of and Follow the with and with cloth. cleaners sprayed cloth first. DO NOT directly the and amounts of the the to the other cleaners, cleaners, scouring or they the finish. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the with Clean the with or cloth. with and with clean cloth. DO NOT ANY bought cleaners cleaners or other of cleaners containing or It to and or of and and to cleaning the The themselves when they turned Food burn off. Food cleaned with cloth off the used. NEVER IMMERSE SURFACE ELEMENT IN WATER To and bowls, follow the instructions Cleaning To bowls, or the dishwasher. and while Hard-to-remove, burned-on the about slightly cleanser or of and DO NOT cleanser or as they scratch the with and and with cloth. To and follow the instructions Cleaning scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with clean cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the (Cleaning Chart)
Not Clean Clean Cleaning To and and to when cleaning. SURFACES Cleaning (Cleaning Chart) should or their and their slightly If they through the self-clean the cooled, then the and their with or cloth containing amount of or this the back and of their To with and clean cloth. DO NOT the DO NOT clean the The of cleaning which should to or the Clean ATTENTION: covers the as they permanently aged the turned to cleaning the they and that turned to OFF themselves when they turned and and allow to the bowls. To the front and and To hand, the to with and CLEANING AGENTS cleaners or or INSTRUCTIONS or and clean cloth or towel, and products.
(Continued) To the Top Cleaning the and from the front. the top its the top high enough to allow the to the front of the Clean cloth and To the top, the top slightly and the the top the to the top cleaning Cleaning cleaning instructions The to health, and chemically the cleaning the the turned to OFF and the cool. DO NOT cleaners the including and Correct and cleaning to If food and grease they the of the and Cleaning Allow to cool. off and or cloth with If or other household cleaners. to off the cleaners or the become heating. burned-on Allow to cool. scouring with or cover heavily with of clear and Scour gently. and with cloth. If apply of recommended cleaning the and clean cloth or scouring with cloth and cleaning with the cleaning protective coating which scratches and chemically Therefore, cleaning the while the when following the below. Turn off and immediately. Wearing or from the with cloth. Allow the to cool. Follow the instructions heavy, burned-on COOKTOP CLEANING POLISHING CREAM purchased through authorized service or stores. Cleaning lowering the top, the with only. to DO NOT or the top when or lowering. This the
with Cleaning and cleaning to to the first apply the recommended CERAMA BRYTE Cleaning to the Clean and with cloth or This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and cleaning the the turned to OFF and the COOL. DO NOT The to health, and chemically the Cleaning the light to Apply of CERAMA BRYTE Cleaning directly to the or Scratch to clean the the cleaned thoroughly, leaving the to the other heavy, the as Then, with holding to the with cleaning and clean. to the other than Scratch or foods with high These of immediately or the (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the (as trated). Allow the to cool, and the heavy or Cleaning or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning become to or with rough or scratch the or the as board or the cook foods directly the without heavy or the or they crack
with (Continued) the following the cleaners and scouring such as and They scratch the to clean. cleaners, such as bleach, or cleaners, as they or the cloths or towels, as they or the which and and of the Since the of than that of other when or used. that permanently fusing to, or and Cleaning of only) with and cleaning the appearance of Please to the the of the Cleaning section this Cleaning Cleaning the self-clean the cool and that OFF Cleaning the when the the To and the this Empty the including the racks. You the and the Clean thoroughly with and cloth and with cloth. Cleaning To burned-on walls, with household using cloth. Follow cleaning the when using Complete cleaning with cloth and scouring necessary. The cleaning the
Cleaning (Continued) Cleaning the Self-Clean to the following cleaning Allow the to cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. the self-clean the of the become to the DO NOT children the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another cleaning of the the turned off or CANCEL the cool. DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around art of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing DO NOT to the This cooking or and the self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to fin which with cloth. Clean What to Cleaning While the operation, the heats to higher than those Sounds of and as the food appear through the located the top of the If heavy wiped cleaning, they and and than This and and should If the self-cleaning NOTE: the of the the Self-Clean the of the to or Cleaning the Self-Cleaning the cavity the cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the and the These heat sufficiently self-cleaning to Clean with and the and and These items withstand high cleaning the or If they through the their slightly the and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or This the Clean Not Clean
HINGE SLOT from the To the Cover to the cover, the back with about inch and the cover with both the cover, to the to the back of the and it the shoulder screws. Then the front of the cover its below the front To to the cover, the following the instructions IMPORTANT: the cover the Light the and COOL the light the light the self-cleaning High reduce life. The light when the The light turned when the closed the light switch located the On the covered with shield THIS GLASS SHIELD MUST BE IN PLACE WHENEVER THE OVEN IS IN USE. To the light CAUTION: BE SURE OVEN IS COOL Turn the off the Wear leather-faced protection with only. self-cleaning to to release shield, and to shield. Cleaning and the The temporary the with the of the facing To the to the the located both and the You to apply the to the the the the and the of the and to the the of the while rotating the top of the the to completely the To clean follow the instructions the Cleaning To the the the the the to the the from the both the the the Instructions that the following the the the with or other Scratching, or the its causing increased of
To and Warmer To Warmer Turn off the warmer the to the the both of the warmer the and the right latch. the from the To warmer with scouring this with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with clean and cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the with with To Warmer the to the the both of the warmer the and the right latch. the from the To warmer with scouring this with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the To Warmer the both of the with the the the back the the cooking The to cleaning the when the and To the to the the and the To the the of the the the the the then to allow the to clear the and instructions to the to the Cleaning with To Warmer the both of the with the the the back the Right Shock and serious or death. from cleaning and servicing the warmer
service this It and The includes that the of workmanship or this You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or what appears to reason to service nothing than easily or operating characteristic of This to of of the items apply to OCCURRENCE easily. Appliance service. or and light heat. too or enough. or turning or of Scratches or to Common POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION installation. of the of the appear of and to or appear to and clearance. or built too tight. to the or to Carpeting with tightly Service house lights to service. This with of the art the The constantly the internal as as to they operating correctly. If of these the immediately the operation and continuously (flashing of F1, F2, F3, or F9 the Press STOP/CLEAR to clear the and the If Press STOP/CLEAR and authorized servicer. or Light this owners instructions. to the or Not this Incorrect the the to used. Incorrect the the to used. Lightweight or used. balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than and of the heating. Heavy-and heat lightweight heat unevenly, foods easily. with such as tomatoes, allowed to in/on and as as Normal Houses to Protect as as from to of cookware and touches This high enough to the bowls. DO NOT cookware of this type. should matched to the of the purchased from such as or and scratches. and of scratches cooking and become with Cleaning recommended used. Cleaning section with rough used. smooth, cookware.
OCCURRENCE POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION or of with cooking operation. or from Self-cleaning completely self-cleaning Transportation to If to into/out of or when to home, that the following Screw the the the and other from the and from the to the and the to the the the two-wheeled trolley with and the to the with heavy to scratches and or the when the to Common or of cleaning to the Cleaning section cooked to Cleaning section from and cleaning cookware with clean, factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the cooling and off to cool internal It and the to turned off. This or amounts of grease the the self-clean If or the self-clean and follow the or the Self-Cleaning the Control(s) properly. Follow instructions to Stop Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat Preheat and grease the with and to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when grease or food Control(s) properly. Follow instructions the Self-cleaning interrupted. Follow or the Self-Cleaning the to front top or or These the self-cleaning enough to burn Clean these the self-cleaning started. Burned-on cleaned with and or to the self-clean cleaning
RANGE WARRANTY protected this warranty the U.S.A. warranted Products North America, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products North America servicer. warranted *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS IF YOU NEED SERVICE USA Products North America P.O. GA Warranty Information This warranty only to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded supply of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. NOTE: allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products North America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained Products: Products North America boul. J5W 1T6 This warranty the of the U.S.A., and Product or specifications as or to without warranties Products North of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. warranted