and Instructions 6410KF
Customer, Please these user instructions and them to to Please the instructions to of the ance. The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions of the Appliance Touch heat the Switching the and off Selecting the cooking Selecting the heat Switching the and off the the child the the cooking and of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions of the Assembly Warranty Customer Service Service and
Instructions Please comply with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC Directive inclusive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of food. The as or as Additions or to the Child from the children the The and connected trained, service only they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and from the supply. Repairs to the trained service
and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning permitted. to to the The The of the the cookware. of or with bot- toms scratch the the that and things that burn the and should straightaway. the cooking with cookware or without cook-
of the Appliance cooking 750/2200W cooking 1200W and heat selection light On/Off cooking 1800W cooking 1200W On/Off
Touch The operated using the Touch tions touching and confirmed plays. Touch the from without covering other switched off Heat Heat Malfunction ER heat Child Lock/child heat Warning! of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food field Function On Switches and off Increase Select cooking Increases heat heat Switches and off
the Switching the and off Switch Touch seconds. flashes Switch off Touch Selecting the cooking Select The the selected cooking Then heat this cooking within seconds, other- re-selected. Selecting the heat selecting the cooking release the field Increase Touch to Decrease Touch to Switch off Touch and the seconds with input the selection and the To the cooking other selection.
Switching the cooking and off With the cooking the heating matched to the of the cookware. heat selected, both switched and the light Switch off Touch Switch Touch the The of the the child Switch heat Touch of the front right cooking Appliance switches off. the child Switch the Touch Appliance switches off. Touch of the front right cooking and the Touch of the front right cooking and the light or or
the The child released this cooking activated Switch the the switched off, as If switching the heat cooking within seconds, the switches off. If or touched than seconds, the cooking switched off. ER03 flashes the or to there heat. If cooking switched off, the cooking cally switches off seconds. cloth) or the switches cooking off. If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off automatically. displayed. Heat Switches off hours hours hours hours Touch of the front right cooking and the
cooking and Information about According to the research, of food, products containing health to Therefore cooking and foods too You cookware from the of the The should as thick and as of or with or bot- toms the which or to cookware the cook- it switched If the Switch cooking off the of the cooking to of heat. of and cooking should the
of cooking The information the following only. Heat heat, Steaming frying Tips/Hints food cooked foods as with and based Heating ready-cooked Steaming meat Steaming of food, and Frying browns, garnishing soup) fry- of cooking searing meat (goulash, frying least as as through cooking With only of to Steady Turn through cooking Turn through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. the cool Sharp and cleaning the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the using cloth. the the the the the with cloth and the using cloth. of food containing plastics, and or splashes *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the when the using cooled
What to The cooking functioning. The cooking selected Appliance to the input The heat functioning Several displayed touched the to overheating. displayed seconds) Appliance incorrectly the of other that the ance from the supply seconds the from the houses If the displayed please Service Force and the If to the following the please Service Force cooking selected Select cooking within seconds of switching lights More than seconds the switched The child activated The partly covered cloth or with The cooking and therefore There Switch the Select cooking within seconds of switching Deactivate the section Child the cloth or the Switch the If the cooking Service Force the of the Switch the heat indicated. field the cool cookware. the from the supply and connected properly
Warning! Repairs to the only to fied service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service technician or free of charge, the warranty The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling ance with the only The to other to only with protective board directly the The of the top to protected The the to the top with the and the top. the to and Other- cookware off the when and win- WARNING! of from The schematic. anti-shock protection through fied The connected to the supply fied IMPORTANT! of from and and the overheat. the correctedly the which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and
Appliance Height of the Clean the the of the section. the self-adhesive the round the of the cooking the outer of the stretch The should the of it to the another.
Assembly
Warranty Great AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force ance or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to ances the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only cally, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Customer Service Great or information AEG Customer Services AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
Service and If to purchase or AEG Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk the Service they the following formation: including telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further formation AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG 707-A-150104-02 to without