and Instructions SLIP-IN D/O
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the cooker the with the or to The to cook food. You other It and from the The instructions and where fitted. If the already that instructions followed. If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something the rating from the as this the /O
Lighting the The The hotplate The chart cooking and cleaning the cooker information What and why? Servicing instructions Technical Location of testing
Lighting the Lighting the The of battery. to the Hotplate To light the You the hotplate when the the and to the (highest and the immediately. the release the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. If the of the while of the hotplate the This would the stayed when the closed. the to off the as cut-off This off the when the closed. The flow when the Please If lighting hotplate the hotplate off. that the correctly. information.
The and the operated the them both the To light: the the and to the right to the (highest the immediately. the release the the when the cover the or with as this to fires Warning: If the button immediately of the to spread. To light: the the and to the to Press the immediately. the release the button. There first. turn the to the the showing the to the the Lighting the
Lighting the To light: the the and to and the immediately. the release the There first. the to the the showing the To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the cooker. turning off the the MAIN OVEN MAIN OVEN MAIN OVEN
The The high-speed The instructions below to the heat and to the height of the to the food You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. You the when the when the used. Young should cover the or with as this to fires. Heat The heat The to the right from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. the high cooking such as toast. the to cook thicker food such as the high There the shelf. food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight the shelf. This when the top of food such as The
The The the from the shelves the It that them the with the plate the the should the and the the shelf the Turn the off the that the when using the You the to plates when the Preheating You to preheat the You to preheat of when cooking or food. Positioning food the food such as toast, and towards the of the food which heat, such as and the of the meat, meat products and to their thickness and them cooked.
The and The with To the the the the that the the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from The
The hotplate The hotplate You only the hotplate when the If lighting hotplate hotplate off and that the correctly. light the the information. Heat The hotplate to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. You the heat turning the the highest and lowest These shown as and The hotplate three to of food such as chips. (Normal) food such as and stews. The which should The of the should than
to burns and when reaching the with bases. They than which warped. with heavy which the to the of the they when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. the to If as the If round based with the of the type. closed the performance of the the that the the follow the instructions that with the the as or board. this the and reduce its strength. The hotplate
The hotplate hints the of the If the round the of the wasting heat the amount of with whenever The food heat and there the cooking than the and This they cook quickly. and
The the should them with cloth. This Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods that the If cooking than of items, or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to You should food round the cooking Preheating You to preheat the or and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the the to reheat food should preheat the to to preheat the shelves You the shelves of the counted from the top There the The the from the shelves the the shelf with the the The when using the This the cooking performance. The
The cooking should using the shelf when cooking or cake the the of the to allow enough to around the food. the shelf If to completely, as as the front and To the shelf the front the shelf to the the front and the and of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food burn the the from the that which If or which than this, to around The of which should the should than the with the the of the shelf. You to items around Turn food round the cooking dishes, trays and the This the as as the and possibly the covering the Shelf
Roasting roasting using or to It to cover meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to If roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the cooker. This and nothing to about. The when heat and Whenever try to that food which of covered. If straight The
cooking chart If cooking than of items, cakes or the around the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher shelf to These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the cooking chart the the of the shelf. and and and cooking Shelf Food Roasting meat: and and and and and Thaw thoroughly cooking them.
and and and cooking Shelf Food or below and Poultry: The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow each as including stuffing. Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Yorkshire hours hours hour Christmas cake cooking chart
cooking chart To the cook or plates and cooking Shelf Food Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) and Yeast cook then reduce to the cook You beans then them them to
These instructions cooking the pre-heated If both the to the cooking the centrally the shelf and food around the cooking You the and cooking to cooking chart It to that food The recommended the and and and cooking Shelf Food Shelf Roasting and and Shelf and and Shelf and Thaw thoroughly cooking them. cooking chart
cooking chart and Shelf and Poultry: cooking Shelf Food The roasting preheated If the food with or allow each as including Thaw thoroughly cooking them. hours hours hour Yorkshire Shelf Christmas To the cook or and Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust)
cooking Shelf Food You beans then them them to cooking chart
cooking cooking Please There cook the The cook heat the It useful when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of You to cook food the to cook This that the of the food enough to the food MAIN OVEN MAIN OVEN foods such as and cooking the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally Food preparation-slow cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. of hours. of cooked using meat thermometer, that of least o C reached the roasting or Thaw meat and of meat from and first. then reduce to the cook
Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or beans then to meat then reduce to the cook the with and allow to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat cornflour with and the of Flavouring retained there the of the cooking slightly as there and products, the of the cooking to curdling. Reheating food should cooled and Food should reheated the cook Reheat conventionally or microwave. Food reheated once. cooking
and cleaning and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended. Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean cloth that and using cloth. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the The hotplate Clean the hotplate top using such as to the If the the light. You the and crowns to clean them. to the If food cooking the another to Then the and them the 'burns
You the You that the and the and the crown with food or cleaning Clean the crowns them You scouring with such as If the crowns this they reasonably clean. the with based the Clean the to the with such as cleaning the cooker them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown centrally the top of the crown and front to back to the properly fitted. If light then to the crown and The and Clean the and using the and then or such as Clean the necessary. The heat the the of the plate the shelf. You the from the shelf. You the to cleaning and cleaning
and cleaning The The and back of which to clean. Follow these to the appearance of the finish. or they too high the If they to the Cover roasting with This roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there Follow the cleaning regularly.
cleaning Please The cleaning only the You to follow the to the of the The type of often to follow the If of roasting and other should follow the cleaning once If roasting to follow the cleaning every To cleaning the shelves. the to least Turn the to hours or the clean. cleaning or the of the the finish. Clean the of the the shelves, and the while they slightly This easily splashes and the with cloth that You MAIN OVEN MAIN OVEN and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning the outer and You the from the and to. To the outer to the when the the and the the head screws the top of the slightly to screws. these screws using screwdriver. You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the both the top of the slightly to the the of the Clean the outer and and such as DO NOT to the which the The there to the cool, the holding both and the the of the the of the the top of the the and the screw location the with hand and the head screws the location with the other hand. the screws screwdriver. the
Cleaning The To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please Service who pleased to further. the This and serviced as stated the editions and the IEE It that the supply. should the that fitted. Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
Positioning The shows to the shelves, and fitted. the and the instructions to If which catch fire or the cooker. which higher than the hotplate If the cooker instructions. that to or the British Height to Depth: (to front of
information of the of the with Don't items which catch fire or leads such as of the cooker. You or coverings when the cooker. The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. To the the the off its front from the the the cooker back to the and there the each corner. The The the usually months. If the to the battery. The the of the cooker the of the front. You through the the plinth below the to the battery, the and back slightly. You should the with something, telephone directory If the from the something the battery, the with the right as the shows. the the and back You light the with match to the battery. information
information to the from the supply the supply as the instructions. If this the the who the
What and why? strongly that the following Service The or hotplate light. If only the hotplate light that the correctly. instructions If hear or the when the enough to light the You to the battery. instructions to this You light the with match to the battery. Check that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. Check that the and to the or to the cleaning of the that the instructions and cleaning, followed.
The cooking evenly. that the cooker properly and that using the recommended trays. that the recommended and If which than the supplied, to round If cooking item to round Turn round food the
Servicing to the yourself. This It to or the that service service through the 'What and why?' information and If there should telephone the cooker to serviced. Customers Ireland should telephone You service and from If the of to the of the and which when the of this information this The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone directory
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and L.P. of this that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front. top of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height Height to hotplate (to front of fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate 'Location of Appliance' hotplate (If to the instructions). of from rear CONNECTIONS Rear of hotplate B.S.P. IGNITION APCO 7BG Battery AA GRILL L.P. Heat HOTPLATE R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F Heat L.P. Heat MAIN OVEN L.P. Heat Diamond'H' GSD 'H' GSD-100-30 Thermostat Diamond'H' 1100158/B2 Diamond'H' 110156/B2 Thermostat By-Pass69
SECOND OVEN L. P. Heat 'H' GSD 'H' GSD-100/34 Sourdillon Sourdillon GENERAL H. T. IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions. contained the following British of BS. BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom or shower It that the as stated below shelves, and of directly the top of hotplate and the hotplate when with the of the If the to to the than the then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The to the height to hotplate of L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other than
INSTALLATION PARTS REQUIRED The hotplate and the top of the hotplate. LEVELLING THE APPLIANCE the front and the rear the of the to obtained rotating or the from the of the should of the shelves to the correctly FITTING THE STABILITY BRACKET It that the to with supply (SK.4729.A) and from These instructions should with the with the the its and off from the of the as shown 'A', This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown (B) (A) (C)
CONNECTING TO GAS This to with only. should that R/8. to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED TO RESET VALVE I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE. the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. The hose caught the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS. CURRENT EDITION. L.P.G. FLEXIBLE CONNECTIONS MUST BE OF TYPE SUITABLE FOR L.P.G. AND CAPABLE OF OPERATION UP TO AND TO CARRY RED STRIPE, BAND OR LABEL. FITTING THE BATTERY The located the of the front plinth and through the of the front To to the battery, the and the front the AA the the right hand as shown the The of the using such as through the the front necessary. the and back PRESSURE TESTING The as the from each and front cover. back the right of the the from the right of the and off whilst easing it and to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and light the The should The to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D. correctly located the the of
CHECKING THE GRILL the containing the the Light the turning the and the the as the the released. CHECKING THE HOTPLATE the the crowns and that they correctly seated. the each of the hotplate turning the hotplate to and the as the the released. CHECKING LID CUT-OFF DEVICE the Turn and hotplate There should supply to the hotplate and the Turn off the hotplate the The supply should to the hotplate when the turned CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the thermostat to and the as the alight the released. There should to the which the F.S.D. the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. which allows the supply to the the to the and that about the reduced. Turn off the and that the CHECKING THE SECOND OVEN Turn the thermostat anticlockwise to and the as the alight the released. the lights there should first to the which the F.S.D. by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the the to the and that the reduced. Turn off the and that the GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the of the RENOWN D/O SLIP-IN
The of this OFF DESCRIPTION shelves P.C. Hotplate operation shelf crowns Battery
This the printed. this the or appearance as the Normal Crown N.G. Crown L.P.G. Crown Normal Crown NOTE to BSI of the Customer High Slough, SL1 1DZ Telephone: