and Instructions CM BLK
Dear Customer, Please these user instructions and them to to to to the chapter Please the instructions to of the The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Assignment of switches. heat the Selecting the heat cooking and of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions Instructions the Assembly Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions Please comply with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC 89/336/EEC EMC Directive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should cooking and of food. The as or as Additions or to the or highly or plastic, or the Child children from the ance. the The only and trained, service or they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and nected from the to the of shock.. Repairs to the trained service and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning to to the ance The The of the the cookware. of or with scratch the the that and things that the and should straightaway. the cooking with cook- or without cookware.
of the Appliance cooking 1700W Assignment of switches cooking cooking 1700W 1200W cooking heat 1200W
The cooking anywhere and heat The heat lights as as cooking of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food the cooking switched This characteristic of cooking and the function or the of the Selecting the heat Heat clockwise To increase anti-clockwise To reduce switch off water/searing food, high heat as or the or heat To the cooking process, to the tion. lowest highest
cooking and Information about According to the research, browning of food, containing starch, health to Therefore cooking and foods too You from the bot- toms of the The should as thick and as of or with or the which or to cookware the cooking switched If the Switch cooking off the of the cooking to of heat. of and cooking should the
of cooking The information the following only. Heat Tips/Hints heat cooked foods as Cover food with and least as as Heating ready-cooked through cooking Steaming Steaming With meat of Steaming frying of food, to and Frying doughnuts browns, garnishing soup) of cooking searing meat (goulash, frying as Turn through cooking Turn through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. the cool Sharp and clean- the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the clean cloth. Removing the the the the the with cloth and the clean cloth. when the of ately cooled food containing plastics, and splashes or *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased shops, the of Service Force or from www.shop.electrolux.co.uk with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the
What to The cooking The heat the heat The heat The cooking and therefore If to the the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the only to service to the from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the Please of with the The the houses the tripped. If the of please authorised If the cooking to Service Force
Instructions The and connected Please this instruction, otherwise the warranty cover that Instructions the the tion which allows the to from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and of fire protection, this to type (EN this type of with high or the The shock protection. The which the the of DIN protection to sealed with On the the where the completely with On or tops, the action with resin or that the correctly seated the without Additional applied; this would when servicing. the to and cookware off the when and The from below when
connecting, that the of the that the stated the rating to the supply The rating located the casing of the The heating AC230V~. The ance perfectly with AC220V~. The to connected to the that allows the to from the with of least protecting cut-out,earth type H05VV-F or with higher as the connecting The as shown the The should to the The earth connected to The earth than leads carrying The ance with and the screws securely. Finally, the connecting to with the cleat and the covering closed switching the first protective or from the Once connected to the supply that cooking ready switching each the UK only: 230V...240V~
Assembly
Plate
Warranty that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first chased The the and to the and as the country of this or of This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account tions country. please Cus- tomer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or Customer concerning pliance, or further information please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk. Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
941-B-200904-02 to without