C o o and Instructions 857-B-280405-03 EHD6671P
Customer, Please these instructions and them to to Please the user instructions to of the The following the instructions Warning! Notes that Notes that to to the and hints information
Instructions instructions of the Appliance Touch heat the Switching the and off Selecting the heat Switching the cooking and off the warm-up function the the child Switching the function and off the cooking and induction cooking of cooking Cleaning and What to Instructions Assembly Warranty Service and
Instructions instructions Please with these instructions. If covered the warranty. This conforms with the following EU Directives: 73/23/EEC 89/336/EEC EMC Directive of Directive 92/31/EEC 93/68/EEC CE Directive Correct This should and of food. The as or as Additions or to the permitted. or or plastic, or the Child children from the ance. the The and trained, service or they built to built-in and that the of with the or to the (cracks, scratches or splits), the switched off and nected from the supply to the of shock.. Repairs to the only trained service and from the There the of burns from the carelessly. from the of the or cookware. Overheated and quickly. cooking with or chips) the Switch the cooking off each with implanted should their least from induction cooking that switched of burns! of such as and the cooking as they when cleaning cleaning, the switched off and cooled reasons, the cleaning of the with or high-pressure cleaning to to the ance The The of the the cookware. of or with scratch the the that and things that the and should straightaway. the cooking with cook- or without cookware. The of the and front of the
of the Appliance Induction cooking 2300W with function 3200W function function On/Off with cooking cooking 700/1700W 1200W Heat selection Induction cooking 1400W with function 1800W light On/Off
Touch The operated Touch Functions touching and confirmed displays and acoustic Touch the from without covering other switched off Heat Heat function warm-up function activated Malfunction occurred or too or cookware the cooking heat Child Lock/child function switched activated heat Warning! of burns from heat. switched off, the cooking to cool the heat heat and food The induction cooking the heat cooking directly the of the cook- The heated the heat of the cookware. The cooling switches and off the of the Function On Switches and off Increase Increasing heat Decrease Decreasing heat selection the Switching the function and off Switches and off
the the induction cooking with cookware. Switching the and off Switch Touch seconds lights Switch off Touch switching within seconds heat or function other- the switches off. Selecting the heat Increase Touch to Decrease Touch to Switch off Touch and the The and The using or It to food Switching the cooking and off With the cooking the heating matched to the of the cookware. Switch Touch seconds lights Switch off Touch seconds light light
the function cooking with function. The warm-up function the cooking to the highest of and then switch- back to the cooking that originally the to to the cooking seconds If the higher heat selected, from to the If there heat the cooking the The of that the tion operates the heat selected. Heat of the Radiation of the Induction
the The with the of the On/Off field, to the the with cloth. Switch Touch seconds) Switch off Touch previously heat switch the off, the locking function switched off. the The child of the the Switch the heat Touch the sounds Acoustic Touch Appliance switches off. The child Releasing the child Switch the Touch the sounds Acoustic Touch Appliance switches off. The child released. the child The child released this cooking activated Switch the Touch and the acoustic the switched off, as
Switching the function and off The function to the induction cooking to of to the The function activated that the induction cooking switches back to heat Switch Switch off The cooking to them. If this switching the function, reduces the heat of another cooking The this cooking the heat and the heat Thereafter the heat displayed. cooking switched heat heat heat with If the function the cooking switch back to the heat previously. Touch Other cooking
the cooking each of the functions the Function Condition the heat acoustic flashes switches off Countdown cooking acoustic flashes If switched off, the function switched off. If heat this cooking to countdown the cooking switched off the Selecting cooking Touch once light of the first cooking flashes Touch once light of the cooking flashes Touch once light of the third cooking flashes Touch once light of the fourth cooking flashes If the light flashing slowly, the heat or If other functions the shortest of the displayed and the light flashes.
the Select cooking light of the cooking selected flashes Touch or the to selected seconds the light flashes slowly. The The counts Switching off the function field Select cooking light of the cooking selected flashes The Touch the cooking The counts to selected The light The function the selected cooking switched off. the field Select cooking light of the selected flashes The Touch or the cooking to selected seconds the light flashes slowly. The The counts the cooking Select cooking light of the cooking selected flashes The seconds the light flashes slowly. Switching off the acoustic Acoustic Touch Acoustic to acknowledge. Acoustic
If switching the cooking heat cooking within seconds, the cooking switches off. If or covered than seconds, sounds and the cooking switches off automatically. If cooking switched off, the cooking switches off seconds. cloth) or the immediately switches cooking off. Induction cooking the of overheating when the cooking switches off. displayed. the cooking to and allowed to cool If cookware that used, flashes the and the the cooking switches off. cooking If of the cooking switched off or the heat the cooking switches off cally. Heat Switches off hours V, hours hours hours
cooking and Information about According to the research, of food, containing health to Therefore cooking and foods too You cookware from the bot- toms of the The should as thick and as of or with or the which or to induction cooking of the induction cooking as the of induction, heated induction cooking to heat within seconds. to the of the cookware. cookware when induction cooking These the and operation Induction to the of the cookware to the of the cookware the of the cooking The cookware centrally the cooking
cookware the cooking switched If the cook- of cooking The information the following only. Heat Tips/Hints cooked foods as Cover food with and least as as Heating ready-cooked through cooking Steaming Steaming With meat only of Steaming Searing The function heating of of food, to and Frying browns, garnishing soup) of cooking searing meat (goulash, as Turn through cooking Turn through cooking
Cleaning and of burns from heat. and clean- the Clean with and from cleaning the with and Cleaning the each the with cloth and the cloth. Removing the the the the the with cloth and the clean cloth. when the of using ately cooled food containing plastics, and splashes or *Scrapers and cleaners and purchased shops, the of Service Force or from www.shop.electrolux.co.uk with or Scratches or the that however the functioning of the
What to The cooking switch than seconds or functioning the switched The heat The cooking and therefore The function There heat the the cooking cool cooking switching Repeated acoustic One or switches off covered than seconds Acoustic sounds and ance switches and then off seconds another acoustic sounds switching reducing the the section Switching the heat of this cooking function and off flashes cookware cookware Overheating protection the Switch off the cooking cooking Switch the cooking and the from the supply the of the houses If switching played the service The switched Switch off the the section the The child switched Deactivate the child the section Child Several touched the The partly covered the cloth or the cloth or with Switch the Switch the The highest heat The highest heat the as the function The On/Off field the covered cloth cookware the cooking cookware the cooking The of the of the cookware too the cook- Switch the If the cooking to Service Force Uncover field cooking cookware
If to the lowing the please Service Force Warning! Repairs to the to service to the user from repairs. If the operated, the from the service or free of charge, the warranty The and The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this formation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Instructions instructions The ordinances, and force the country of to recycling with the regulations, only The to other and to protective the pliance. The of the to protected The the to the top with building the of the ance from and from washer or the to and cookware off the when and WARNING! of from The schematic. anti-shock protection through The to the IMPORTANT! of from and and tions the overheat. the correctedly the of or two-phase tion, the of type H05BB-F (or higher) used. If this (type H05BB-F or higher). The from the Customer the tion which allows the to disconnected from the with of least isolation include protecting (screw type to from the earth and
UK only: 230V...240V~ Sticking the Clean the the of the tion. the one-sided self-adhesive the round the of the cooking the outer of the stretch The should the of to the another.
Assembly
Plate
Warranty that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or tion that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first chased The the and to the and as the country of this or of This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account tions country. please Cus- tomer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service and If the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or Customer concerning or further information please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk. Customer High Street SL1 1DZ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
857-B-280405-03 to without The The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the