EN ELECTRIC RANGE USE AND CARE GUIDE October
Information of information IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the canning the the Warming and the clock clock (F/C) 12-hour or tone preheat cook with Conv Conv cook the Restoring to factory light Fresh-Clean Cleaning Cleaning cleaning........................................... and and the instructions light............................................ to Common Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA Please and this choosing the This of to satisfaction and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. Record purchase Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com plate location:
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and items throughout this with WARNING or CAUTION based the type as below: WARNING This to that serious death or property CAUTION This to that or property of the following instructions this and the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe properly and grounded technician with the National ANSI Z223- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1 and CAN/GGA B149.2, and the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1, and only instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of servicingDo or of the specifically the other servicing should only technician. This reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the or should near or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as these instructions such as or the reference. WARNING the when the to or the without the and to follow these instructions death or serious burns to children and To the properly, both and the of back. to properly the should to the instructions with installation. WARNING or the or of this serious and to the allow children to or around the The weight of the to serious burns or other injury. aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the child or the and the to or
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS WARNING items of to the or the of Children the to reach items seriously CAUTION these heating or of the ALL and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other or grease fires Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too potholders or potholders burns from potholders heating or other cloth instead of heat food of to burst and To fire or heating cook foods directly the To the cookware and the racks. CAUTION Protective to the as the of these of shock, or fire. IMPORTANT to the If the off the If the off and the the to Once the the clock and function. to type fire extinguisher and easily located the the from to or instructions using which operates each heating of food the turning and the off the This with or of enough to cover the heating The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. should and To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should that turned and high heat and greasy that or that
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS or heating Heating should Heating themselves operation. cooking of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top foods the cook cook top If cook top should cleaning and the cook top and of shock. technician immediately. Clean cook top with If or cloth to cooking to burn. cleaners to instructions when or to the of the when the of or or food the The located the with The located below the with cook tops. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat- items or the These items or of racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without its The and its allow to and from the high heat of the cover the with and grease Cold the the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the instructions cleaning Clean the to of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and injury. Clean frequentlyGrease should allowed to the or Follow instructions cleaning. cleaning Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the The should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and to customers of to such
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS Grounding Instructions factory-equipped with cord: this properly grounded. the that correctly and properly grounded. If the only the responsibility of the to with properly grounded WARNING fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this warning serious injury, fire or death. This with grounding protection shock should directly properly grounded or the grounding from this the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with this and grounding instructions.
self-cleaning Self-clean light switch light Perfect-Convect rack(s) shown, coordinated or tinted to upswept coordinated or smoothtop (included)
cookware The and type of cookware the cooking to follow the cookware as illustrated. should that with the heating rotating the of the cookware. should bottoms. tight well-balanced. of that conducts heat easy to clean. Match to the of the should or warped the than one-half inch. than the than one-half inch. heavy that the The cookware and heat from the to the The heat of food to cookware If the they which scratches. these immediately. heat easily. heat with cooking easy to and heat however heat once cooking reached. recommended Heating characteristics coating smooth to scratching cooktops. heat Not recommended scratch the information about the Cleaning the Cleaning section.
the About the The mounted below the of the Heat through the of the to the cookware. The of the the of the with with ratings. The to heat food and increases as the increases. The type and of cookware, the of and the factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns. About the The and evenly. the the red. To the selected the and off. The heating enough heat to and heat the off off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. NOTES that allows the to ON and OFF, the HI This to to the higher the cookware too the or the cookware warped to the instructions cleaning both the and Cleaning and You sections of this and CAUTION the the when potholders or when food from the as cookware and appear to cooled they turned off. The and the touched cooled. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the
Canning DO NOT cooking cooking the This might the to to and the following when canning when canning. straight-edge to with to to the highest heat seating when first the to Once achieved, reduce heat to lowest to that the of the inch the It recommended to and the the the and right of the This the heat evenly. to the information canning. the U.S. of Food and Inspection Service or the National Food Preservation (NCHFP). allow or ANY that to with the If these items the they the IMPORTANT IMPORTANT location The located the of the the through this naturally. The necessary and the this location
and front inch (1200/3000W) inch (1200W) Warming inch (100W) Right inch (750/1800W) Right front inch high (1200/3000W)
each heating the warmer These include ON and though The and when heat and with High heat to HI) offer At these locations, choose to the or the heating with of the BURNER SIZE The of the LED the of heating that to to HI
The four showing the cooking the using the displays and with the The heating This additional heating choices to match the of the cookware The from to and OFF The and and increase of and which and increase of to heat (HE) turning of these OFF, the HOT The HE ON that the cooled. The off when cool The appear the when the active to the instructions information. The the when the active the Sabbath section instructions.
the The other the to heat as or to the following information about the The and type of used, and the amount and type of food cooked influence the cooking CAUTION appear to cooled they off. The and burns the touched cooled sufficiently. items such as or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the of these items and the of cooking High foods, to high thicken and The based cooking with medium-weight with when other of these the warmer The cooking the as the to the the type of food To the Press cookware the Press and the ONOFF the sounds. Press or of the or or increase the and and or increase the lowest finished, ONOFF to turn off. ONOFF ONOFF
the the to the the type of food To Press cookware the Press and the ONOFF the tone sounds. Press or of the or or increase the and and or increase the lowest the to the heating or to heating then release. finished, ON OFF to turn off. heats only. The right and both right and front to heat as or ONOFF ONOFF and heat. IMPORTANT allow plastic, or ANY that to with the If these items the they the NOTES cooking operations higher heat and then to to the OFF cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating that the ON and OFF, the high This to the smoothtop. the high and the cookware too the or the cookware warped. (HE) heating of the the become with the off, the NOTE heating and cooking the HE displayed. The the of the If the HE shows the then the too to
Warming with cooked foods. It recommended to heat food to stews, breads, and the The Warming selection to the when choosing food. If food listed, with the and as foods when using the Food item Heat foods Soups and and Meats with food Breads/pasteries cookware and recommended and or to cover foods. or the The of the to cooked foods IMPORTANT light To Press cookware the warmer Press warmer ONOFF (The warmer light Press displayed and finished, ONOFF. CAUTION other the when To burns potholders or when food to and from the or plates appear to cooled they turned off. The and burns the touched cooled sufficiently. items such as or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the ONOFF ONOFF high
CAUTION potholders or when food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. the when allow of inches around the cookware and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. to around cookware heat to reach the food. and or offset To the straight reaches the front of slightly and To the the the walls. the front of the slightly and the back of with or of the following types: cooking and The offset from the The offset the of the about of than the and The allows to food from the Removing and the instructions.
ALL If the cleaning the of the and of the their finish. Clean to the instructions the Cleaning section. The food This that allow the to pulled from the without the of the and the To hand, reach through and the release located the front of the as shown While holding the release the of the the reached both the and of the the front of the slightly and to the from the to both and together when or the The and to together. To both and of and the the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force to the snapped completely To to the DO NOT to the the back the cavity. IMPORTANT IMPORTANT release
and Preheat Convection Convection Convection Convection Convert Preheat Conv Conv 170F 76C 550F 288C 170F 76C 550F 288C 400F 205C 550F 288C 550F 288C 170F 76C 550F 288C 170F 76C 550F 288C 400F 205C 150F/66C 190F/88C (225F /108C) (275F 135C) Clock Light Fresh Clean (self-clean) Clock Clock Clean
the clock the the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the To the clock Press Press clock. the Press START to NOTES to the clock with the of the cooking with instructions. The clock when the when the active or self-clean. If of the sound of and START If CANCEL the clock clock The factory to the of with 12-hour clock The to the of 24-hour clock or the clock turned OFF. the clock turned OFF, the clock to the background the previously chosen 12-hour or 24-hour To clock Press Press and clock seconds. Press clock to or CLO OFF Release when the appears and Press START to NOTE The clock when the active with cooking function or self-clean.
or C) The factory to with (F) The to or (C) To the Press Press and seconds. Release when or C appears Press to or C choices. Release when appears and Press START to NOTE The when the active or once 12-Hour or The factory 12-Hour This the off hours and of The to this To 12-Hour or Press Press and on-off seconds. Press on-off to choose OFF" or On" Release Press START to NOTE the 12-Hour or the
tone tone sound when and the of cook or The factory to the highest The through or OFF. To tone Press Press and seconds appear of then release To through the and to the displayed release the the highest the lowest and OFF Press START to NOTES the OFF tones The the This the or the To the the Press To the Press and seconds. Once locked," and appear the The four To the Press and seconds. Once and appear the If when activated," HE appear the instead of NOTES If the cootop when active, the OFF and lock. If when the active, the sound tone indicating the canceled.
The the and the This the To the the Press To the lock: Press and seconds. appear the the locked. To Press and seconds. Once the the NOTES To to the locking to force the when the displayed. If when active, the sound tone indicating the function the turned off. The to cooking or food without with active cooking process. the countdown reaches than the seconds. the the hours to the Press 1.Press on-off 3.Press To active anytime, the on-off NOTES The or the cooking process. The or with other active The hours and hour than hour the count and seconds. Once the than seconds If both the and active, the information To momentarily information other active the once the other
preheat the preheat option to the to The preheat option using the or preheat with cook or cook with The following apply preheat: Factory 350F/176C preheat 170F 77C preheat 550F 288C Recommended cooking ONLY or and dough-based such as cakes, and breads, the function To preheat the Press Press or Press preheat. Press START. activated, the preheating and PRE appear the tone sound indicating the finished preheating. food To preheating CANCEL. to preheat with the 425F/ 218C Press Press or or Press preheat Press START To preheat CANCEL. NOTES The when preheat started. This If fast preheat with the the off once the reached. To preheat started, the with the and START to To fast preheat started, the with the and START to or IMPORTANT Once the preheated, the preheat and to
to cook food items that cooking with the following preheat and with The following apply to the Factory 350F/176C 170F 77C 550F 288C To the the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press The of 350F appear the Press START Once active the preheating. the reaches the sound tone indicating the ready. To CANCEL. CAUTION or when with the interior, and become enough to burns. cook foods directly the To the and cook foods the cookware To with the 425F/ 218C Press Press Press START To CANCEL. NOTES The when first started. This The off once the reaches the cook to the cook section instructions. If active without cook the hours turning off If to than hours, 12-Hour or instructions.
preheat the items cookies, and breads. using the that the food the of the when racks, and the racks, cookware as shown Allow least inches of cookware or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended recommended cakes, and and dough-based such as cakes, and breads, the function
The cook when and cook Following the cook the The cook hours, instructions with the following features: Conv cook preheat To with the of 350F (176C): Press Press cook Press START. Press Press START Once active, the "TIMED" and "BAKE" The cook the and then shut-off. the cook appear the and the shut-off ).The seconds the pressed. To cooking CANCEL WARNING FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. NOTES cooking with cook the active cook once to cook cooking with cook the cook anytime cook of to the or self-clean features.
cook with cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and and instructions with the following features: Conv Conv cook instructions, the of correct. To the to 375F (191C) and to shut-off Press Press cook using Press START Press Press Press Press START to IMPORTANT Once START pressed, the the Once the passed, the and heat to the The to this the cook reaching the the cook appear the and the shut-off The every seconds as the CANCEL pressed. To cooking CANCEL CAUTION when foods with cook or instructions. that easily such as meat or poultry, should the first. when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when NOTES You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME with fresh to the fresh section to The to the preheat or features. to Once the the cooking process, the cook once to cook
the to cook that to heat The following apply to the Factory 550F 288C 400F 205C 550F 288C WARNING Should fire the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and CAUTION or when with the interior, and become enough to burns. the without the the with the grease To food from the and to grease the roasting when allow the to preheat meat the To burning food, the food when and meat when the and the type and amount of meat the To with the factory of 550F 288C: Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to and the to the with meat directly the slightly (about inches the the Press Press START. Turn meat when first obtained. Once activated, the "BROIL" and the To anytime CANCEL
(cont) The that allow grease and from the to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 7th* 550F thick or 7th* 550F thick or 7th* 550F thick 550F Chicken-bone 450F Chicken-boneless 450F 500F 550F thick 550F thick 550F the off-set choose to Table
Conv Convection to the heat and continuously The heat allows cooking with cooking slightly increase cook food types, the The should when instructions written If instructions and to follow the option instructions. The option the that the of performance. cook or required. Conv with the following Conv preheat or cook with The following apply to the Factory 350F/176C 170F 76C 550F 288C To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Preheat the Press Press START. activated, the CONV BAKE and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready. To CANCEL
Conv preheat the items and breads. the that the food the of the when using racks, and the using racks, cookware as shown Allow least inches of cookware or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended recommended cakes, and and should with or to allow heated to around the food.
The allows to The the and to Conv with Conv with cook or instructions. of performance. foods cook and or required. To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press Press activated, the "CONV BAKE" and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready. To anytime CANCEL NOTES using cook reductions the Conv reduces The the cook or If that than the CF food) To with of 375F (191C): Press Press cook Press START. Press Press with cook or the CF food when the cook At this the tone the cook finished or canceled. To anytime CANCEL Follow the and the Convection section of this and
Conv the to cook thicker of that to heat and the To with of 550F Press Press Press START to The rotating once activated. To CANCEL. to follow the recommended and instructions and the the as the section. cooks food reduce the cook from the recommended cook of the food this If necessary, increase cook the obtained. the when
Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the meat from and Meats cooked with this and the while There to reduce the when using with the following options: with The following apply Factory 350F/176C 170F 76C 550F 288C of performance. foods cook and To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press Press START activated, the CONV ROAST and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready To CANCEL Preheating and poultry. food items or food of the cavity cooks reduce cook from the of the food this Then increase cook the obtained. food items the recommended the type of food to follow and or to the information. the cover foods when roasting covering the meat from properly.
should the and The catch grease and the grease or to the the the the securely seated top of the the without the cover the with meat food and the Meat to Poultry F, F. roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the to to whole to whole to whole to to fresh to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to Conv
the to foods with the following with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C WARNING FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing bacteria to which food or sickness. To food from the and to grease the roasting when To with the Press Press KEEP WARM Press START To with of Press Press KEEP WARM Press START If the cook or to the To CANCEL
cook To cook with The cook to cook foods The cooking that of This when roasting or poultry. cook with the following options: with The following apply to the cook High: 275F/ 134C to hours 225F 108C to hours Completely thaw foods using or to of cooking when cooking food items. or the hour of the or the when food items. The heat that the the food to cook. Cover foods to them or or cover to allow foods to or brown. Roasts uncovered the bone the of the Preheating the necessary. Press and cookware the Press cook appear the indicating the high If cook to the and release. Press START. To cook CANCEL. To or cook cook started: Press cook To the the cook to the or and release. Press START to If cooking the cook or to the NOTE cooking the of becoming this
The to and This or with cook and features. This with other including or clean. To and shown to with of 325F): Press Press cook Press START Press Press START To and seconds. If this to the with the to CANCEL To Press Press The appear the Press START To Press Press and the from the NOTES If the to the when to CANCEL the or If the previously recording following the "To
the factory and tested to the first follow and If think the cooking too or too cool the the cooks or cooler than the displayed. The increased +35F (+19C) or -35F (-19C) from the factory thermometers such as those found to the These thermometers as as to from to offset the +30F: Press Press and seconds. Release when tone sounds. UPO should appear of using To START to offset the -30F: Press Press and seconds. Release when tone sounds. UPO should of Press to to To change, START NOTE the or self-cleaning
the further and of with the please the This when the Sabbath/Holidays. tones or the BAKE and heating the only cooking features while the You first the BAKE and the the COOK TIME option and the to the the displays. The COOK TIME option, to the the of COOK TIME The the factory 12-hour and the the cooking If of the cooking features when the the or to the If the lights to them to the Once the light turned ON and the active, the light the turned off and the lights turned off. The the lights when the or closed. It recommended that within active with of the START This the ON to the of its If the of the the to the to the The the the To the the Press the clock with the of Press Press START. cook or If this and to to the cook or instructions. the If this and to to the cooking instructions. To and both the cook and together seconds. sound. Release the Once properly the displays and appear the displays the TIMED CHICKEN NUGGETS DOOR CONVECT BAKE PIZZA DELAY TIMER COOKTOP IMPORTANT the shut-off completing cook or and therefore once the Sabbath/Jewish The hours and BROIL ROAST
Canceling To Press FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Press and both the cook Doing food or sickness. and seconds. sound. Release the previously-set the and the once NOTES The once the to You the once started. Press the Press START To or the active that the or further once the the Sabbath WARNING What to or when active: Should or the the SHUT OFF. SF appear and indicating and and the To section). TIMED CHICKEN NUGGETS DOOR CONVECT BAKE PIZZA DELAY TIMER COOKTOP To the the section). BROIL ROAST
light Restoring to factory with of to the factory The following functions or options or that from the Clock 12-hour or 24-hour 12-Hour or (F or C). IMPORTANT restoring, please that to the once the START pressed. This includes offset the when To to factory Press Press and the seconds. sound and rST appear the Press START to The light ON when the Press to the light ON and OFF whenever the closed. The light located the of the and covered with shield with The shield whenever the To the light, the light" the Cleaning section.
fresh to the following fresh (self-clean items from the and including food, cookware, and withstand high the self-clean and from the to If the they The self-clean to the of the racks the seconds as to the self-clean the clear. items from the the light shield Turn off the light. or the should wiped-up and self-clean To clean, and cloth. food heavy or fire self-clean. that high or (such as or self-cleaning. the cleaning the Doing the The of the should to or the cleaners or protective coatings of from cleaners the the self-clean Clean from the Clean and self-clean If they burn to the high self-clean. shown white WARNING the the self-clean children from the self-clean to follow these instructions burns. CAUTION The health of to the off the self-clean of to another DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the interior. to self-clean.
fresh clean self-cleaning cleans using higher than those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. Fresh self-clean with freshening The food self-clean The active other IMPORTANT The first fresh clean odor-free. To fresh CANCEL These and of the process. It recommended to the and turn or overhead the fresh The fresh self-cleaning. hours light, hours or hours To fresh clean: Press The should and items from the the completely closed. Press fresh once hour 4-hour clean or 2-hour Press START Once active, the locking the appear the DO NOT to the when the (allow about seconds the to completely DO NOT force the This the locking Once the locked the off and the the the fresh finished: The of and the Once the cooled (about hour) and displayed, the appear this OFF the finished the cool, or from the cloth or towel. NOTES Self-clean ANY active. self-clean the active. the self-clean active, the amount of clean the self-clean once. If self-clean to completely cleaned. Clean
Fresh fresh To fresh-clean: Press the If the self-clean heated the to high the Allow enough the to cool and the to this OFF the Starting fresh If self-clean the the finished cleaning, to another self-clean If self-clean shortly started, and the reach high self-clean the clean as as the from the clean If the enough from the self-clean to to hours the allow another to Restarting fresh If the self-clean thoroughly cleaned. Another self-clean Once restored, the cooled and the to another repeated fresh clean If to repeating self-clean the the then the of the self-clean the and the oclock, the allow self-clean to oclock. fresh You to to self-clean to hours The when the cleaning You to the enough to allow the type of choose, whether or hours. to to of cooling the heavy hour) fresh to oclock: Press the clock with the of racks. items from the the completely closed. Press the Press START. Press fresh clean. Press fresh Press START Press CANCEL to fresh clean. CAUTION To burns when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT to the of the when the to allow or to
Painted Painted or Decorative Clean with or cloth. with and with cloth. cleaners. cleaners cleaning to cleaners from the as bluish heating that and the self-clean and using following instructions. Thoroughly and to thoroughly clean the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or to the To scratches, cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the the On self-cleaning the of which should to or this to cleaning" and the and Cleaning section. Cleaning Cleaning cleaning, and cloth. and built-up grease, apply directly with cloth and cleaners these they scratch. To to OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both and then cleaning the turn off, and from cleaners or they scratch. Clean and dishcloth. to from dishcloth when around the or around the to the and dishcloth and to from dishcloth the with cleaning with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with cleaning and with cloth. allow food with high or or to they cleaning. from cavity self-clean Clean from and the information to the instructions the self-cleaning section. and Cleaning
and Cleaning cleaning and cleaning to to the first apply of the with with cloth or scratch cleaning This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning cream. become to or with rough or or scratch the or the cookware with or with clean cookware as or the foods directly the without heavy or the they to crack. CAUTION cleaning the the turned to OFF and the COOL. light to Apply of the directly to the or cleaning to the the cleaned thoroughly, heavy, Apply of the directly to the the using cleaning applying as the to the other If with holding to the with cleaning and clean.
cleaning or foods with high These of immediately. (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the Allow the to cool. the heavy or IMPORTANT to the type cleaning cleaning products that specifically the following the cleaners and scouring such as and They scratch the to clean. cleaners, such as bleach, or cleaners, as they or the cloths or towels, as they or the which and and Cleaning and or to cover the racks. CAUTION Protective to the as the of these of shock, or fire. the restricts the heat and to the cooking self-clean the become enough to cooking or the This to the and finish.
and Cleaning Removing and the CAUTION To burns, to the the completely cooled. IMPORTANT The heavy. when and the the the To the completely the both and right from the completely the such as screwdriver required. both of the the the to the The this closing. With the the and the from the To to allow the to the front To both of the the the the as the Removing the section and both the located each of the With both the the and the both and right to the the C about
instructions IMPORTANT that the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or clean the and Cleaning the light CAUTION the and COOL light. Wear leather protection or burns. The lights located the of the cavity and covered with shield The shield protects the light and whenever the shield To light Turn off the or the Press to to release the shield that covers the light light with shield and back Turn (or the The clock then to To clock this
to Common service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this Appliance enough to easily. Appliance service too or Incorrect the enough ON the that to heat The of The of first to the clock the section. the properly the cooking this or the instructions this or or light lights sections this or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX If or to the of the of the appear clearance. or built too tightly. or to with Lightweight or used. balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than warped and of the heating. heat evenly. lightweight heat unevenly, foods easily. correctly Service or authorized service house lights to service.
excessively properly. Follow instructions or this from or amounts of grease the If or About the section. displays F10) displays F10) to Common or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX to Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat the Preheat the Meat properly from meat. to curling, grease the with to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food or Press CANCEL to clear the the or If the to and then the and clock the of the or If the and service. or If the supply to and then the and clock of the If the and service.
to Common Scratches or Coarse such as or and scratches. and of scratches cooking and become with the or of cleaning to the Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. or cooked to Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. of with from and food. cleaning cookware with clean, factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the section of this or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX Cleaning recommended used. Cleaning and the and Cleaning section of this with rough used. smooth, cookware.
Appliance Warranty Information covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first from of purchase. and to repaired the including, to, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR RE- PLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORT- EST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLU- SIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or specifications as or illustrated to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Terry L5V 3E4
www.electrolux-store.com