INSTR INSTR INSTRUCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET UCTION BOOKLET INSTR INSTR UCTION BOOKLET GB Please this instruction using the EHG
Information This and serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to I.S.813 Editions and the ETCI Installations. the that the and supply with the type stated the rating located the supply to the Child This to operated allow children to or with the The when Children should cooled. Children also themselves or off the This cooking only. It or cooking heat and the which there supply, or with the of the should or increasing the this with the with the the OFF when other the with the of the cooking Unstable or should the as or the when cooking with and or the You MUST these or the If Customer Perishable food, items and affected heat and should or below the Service This should repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the this instruction reference and to owner. to the instructions The following found the to throughout the Instructions instructions and Information This with the following E.E.C. Directives: VoltageDirective); Directives); Directive) Appliances) and
the Information of the and Cleaning Something Service and Customer Conditions of the Top Auxiliary the Instructions the Commissioning Conversion from to LPG
To light the anticlockwise to the then to the ignition, the about seconds. This allow the "thermocouple" D) to heated and the to switched off, otherwise the supply would interrupted. then, the and as required. If light the the and crown A, B) the To the the to the switching the or the to activated automatically. To efficiency, should only and with the of the If which than the recommended the the of the causing the to overheat. when food or as the overheated splashes easily as the that the If the become to turn, please Service Force crown C Thermocouple
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. The cleaned whilst as easily than to cool. The Top the top cloth to which the of the following: household and bleaches; removers. Should the top become heavily recommended that cleaning such as Brite or used. Iron Supports The when them. They heavy and the or them To the the they the back of the the them as shown the the the hinges, this them. the using If necessary, or with cleaning, to with cloth. The The and crowns cleaning. the and crowns and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth. The obtained through and C). these clean, to lighting and that the crown obstructed. NO YES
Something Not Working? If the correctly, please the following Service Force IMPORTANT If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the SYMPTOM There when lighting the The burns Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Work- the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase SOLUTION that the and the supply switched that the RCCB tripped fitted) the the and crown correctly, cleaning. the and the crown clear of food the and crown correctly, cleaning.
Customer concerning ance or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the and electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: (Ire) of Ireland Appliances found to within or those which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Instructions the technical Width: Depth: Width: Depth: RC inch inch Rear right hand 230-240V supply, with rewireable with TYPE OF GAS NATURAL GAS VALUE VALUE LPG GAS Aeration Characteristics BURNER RAPID SEMI-RAPID AUXILIARY POSITION MAX MIN MAX MIN MAX MIN NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE MJ/ NOZZLE REFERENCE NOMINAL THERMAL POWER NOMINAL FLOW RATE NOZZLE REFERENCE HT BF 230-240V VA Rear Heat BTU/HR) (auxiliary) Heat BTU/HR) Rear Right Heat BTU/HR) Right Heat BTU/HR) APPLIANCE CLASS: APPLIANCE CATEGORY: II2H3+ APPLIANCE GAS SUPPLY: G20
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S. Editions and the ETCI Installations. contained the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of If of and of effective of required, while the the which directly to the the and If there other burning the B.S. Edition, should to the the of Ireland please to the NSAI- I.S. Editions Table FO FO CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE HOB WITHOUT COOKER HOOD ABOVE Location The located or bathroom, shower or the the that there of the of the and the of the of the and or walls. The the with the of the If below of allowed from the of the The directly the the of Ireland please to NSAI- I.S Edition Section Locations of Appliance. CLEARANCES REQUIRED WHEN FITTING THE HOB WITH COOKER HOOD ABOVE
IMPORTANT: This to the Please, that, once the easily the the of breakdown. WHEN THE HOB IS FIRST INSTALLED Once the to protective which the factory. The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this On the of the which includes the GJ threaded that the washer the as shown the Screw the together without using force. FO to the supply should with or or The should connecting to RC BSP thread). the that thorough the and installation. that the the It to the correctly, with the shoulder the of the thread, to the to the assembly of The of the the FO FO A) of with B) Washer C) Elbow
Building Building or If the to or to heat board below the of the the of the FO FO FO Building with the to with the of the which heated when operated. The recommended shown The the should easily to allow easy technical The the the the Carry the building of the as follows: the with the the of the them the and from the front and as shown the that the without the the that centred; the with the fixing and screws, as shown the the screws tightened, the The of the which the of It recommended to the to the as shown and FO
to this should or with the THIS HOB MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This to connected to AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating located the of the attached the back cover of this The with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the the coloured with the following and Earth the and yellow (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. off serious (shock) that the off of the of that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the The switch the and earth that the supply with with higher than C. FO
START and A: Earth Continuity NO YES YES NO faulty. Rectify and B: Insulation Rectify including as necessary. TAPS IGNITOR SWITCHES IGNITOR UNIT PLUG (with cover Earth Carry C: Polarity A. EARTH CONTINUITY CHECK Appliance electrically disconnected and necessary. leads from earth to earth should than earth wires and and tight. B. INSULATION CHECK Appliance electrically disconnected, switches ON. leads from to If reads then there with leads from to E. If reads than (infinity) there NOTE Should found that the indicated disconnecting and checking each to the It that as of burning/arcing found inspection should of burning around the SOCKET FUSE Electricity supply should satisfactory. Carry D: to Earth
top and polarity and earth of supply earth of from 'N' the and "O" the from 'L' the and the switches from switches to NO YES from the of each to the terminals to the the insulation of the HT leads the switches the supply Light manually Check of the of
Commissioning the to the To this, follow the below. Turn the to the MAX and the to the MIN then the from MIN to MAX If the or extinguished follow the below. Procedure: the and to MIN. the and thin screwdriver to the screw the steady and extinguish, when the turned from MIN to MAX. The screw located the of the or the of the or below the Testing hand and front and crown. the injector. Turn the supply and another The reading should and and Turn off the Conversion from to LPG IMPORTANT The of the should It to that this with with or the injectors and the to that the the 'OFF' the from the supply crowns and With the of the injectors then and the LPG injectors. To the With the of thin screwdriver completely the screw, which located the of the the rating the of the screw
CUSTOMER CARE High Street Slough SL1 1DZ The Group. The worlds choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. MDM Forl