EN GAS RANGE USE AND CARE GUIDE October
Information of information IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS canning and the clock clock (F/C) 12-hour or tone preheat cook with Conv Conv cook the Restoring to factory light Self-Clean............................................................ Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning and and light............................................ Removing the the instructions to Common Notes Warranty Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA Please and this Thank choosing the This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. Record purchase Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com plate location:
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and items throughout this with WARNING or CAUTION based the type as below: WARNING This to that serious death or property CAUTION This to that or property of the following instructions this WARNING If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. or or other and the vicinity of this or other and service servicer or the What to try to switch; Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire WARNING items of to children the or the backguard of Children the to reach items seriously these instructions reference. WARNING this as heater to heat or the Doing cover or the or cover with such as Doing flow through the and heat, causing fire or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other injury. the or Warmer WARNING the when the to or the without the and to follow these instructions death or serious burns to children and To the properly, both and the of back. to properly the should to the instructions with installation. child or the and the to or
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS and using the the and the allow to with InstallationBe properly and grounded with the National ANSI Z223- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1 and CAN/GGA B149.2, and the National ANSI/NFPA or CSA C22.1, and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. servicingDo or of the specifically the other servicing should technician. This reduce the of and to the or the of removing covers, brackets/screws, or other of the or other overhead which blowing flow to with other than when the and tested and laboratory with each other. or ApplianceFlammable should warmer or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the the from to or IMPORTANT to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. children aloneChildren should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE BURNERS, AREAS NEAR THESE BURNERS, OVEN BURNERS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN. Both and though near become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other or grease fires Smother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too potholders or potholders burns from potholders heating towel or other cloth instead of potholder. heat food of to burst and
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS instructions WARNING it the of the The of of the to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. which each of food the turning and the off the to the LITE when top that Then the the of the Should Turned and Not To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should that turned and high heat and greasy that or that Protective to or as this of these of shock, or fire. cooking of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top instructions when or to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The located below the backguard. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without The and allows to and from the high heat of the cover the with Exposed and grease Cold the the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the Notice The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS cleaning instructions Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and aerosolsAlways follow the that from cleaners and causing and injury. cleaning Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the The should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another Conversion to L.P. WARNING or death from shock the to L.P. or additions, or this to satisfactorily the technician. This allows to (L.P.) If L.P. L.P. The L.P. with this and located the REAR (back of the the to the L.P. Instructions and follow them when the installation. Grounding Instructions this properly grounded. the that correctly and properly grounded. If the only the responsibility of the to with properly grounded WARNING fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this serious injury, fire or death. This with grounding protection shock and should directly properly grounded or the grounding from this the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with this and instructions.
and self-cleaning Self-clean light switch light Perfect-Convect rack(s) shown, coordinated or tinted Easy-to-clean upswept (included)
The and type of cookware influence the cooking should that with the rotating the of the cookware. should tight well-balanced. of that heat easy to clean. The cookware and heat from the to the The heat of food to cookware heat easily. heat with cooking easy to and heat however heat once cooking reached. Heating characteristics heat operating the CAUTION To and creation of by-products, the without properly to and the without the and properly installed. or to burns, or to and cookware. It to that and properly and the locations BEFORE operating the whenever the that seated and top of heads. of and of DO NOT allow food, cleaning or other to the
(cont) On round the should the of head and to and and incorrect Once the the from to to and seated. the the of the head to hear the click. Please that the should NOT off the of the head when from to and that correctly heads. the properly the the The to the the To and the recess. Grates should each other and the of the head Correct Incorrect
the and counterclockwise of the OFF Turn to that the To counterclockwise to that fits canning to and the following when canning using the information canning, such as the U.S. of or the National Food Preservation (NCHFP). when canning. straight-edge to with to to the highest heat seating when first the to Once achieved, reduce heat to lowest to that the of the inch the -9.5K BTU- cooking -12K BTU- cooking -10K BTU- BTU of to or when of Perfect BTU- chocolates, location The located below the backguard. the released through this This and the DO NOT BLOCK THIS VENT. location
CAUTION potholders or when removing food or the racks. the completely cooled HOT and burns. the when allow of around the cookware and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. to around cookware heat to reach the food. and or offset To the straight reaches the front of slightly and To the the the walls. the front of the slightly and the back of with or of the following types: cooking and The offset from the The offset the of the about of than the and The allows to food from the and the instructions.
ALL If the cleaning the of the and of the their finish. Clean to the instructions the Cleaning section. The food This that allow the to pulled from the without the of the and the To hand, reach through and the release located the front of the as shown While holding the release the of the the reached both the and of the the front of the slightly and to the from the to both and together when or the The and to together. To both and of and the the cavity walls. the front of the slightly and the completely force necessary to the snapped completely To to the DO NOT to the the back the cavity. IMPORTANT IMPORTANT release
and Preheat Convection Convection Convection Convert Preheat Conv Conv 550F 288C 170F 76C 550F 288C 170F 76C 550F 288C 400F 204C 300F 148C 550F 288C 300F 148C 550F 288C 190F/88C 150F/66C (275F 135C) (225F /108C) Clock Light Self-clean Clock Clock Clean
the clock the the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the To the clock Press Press clock. using the Press START to NOTES to the clock with the of the cooking with instructions. The clock when the when the active or self-clean. If of the sound of and START If CANCEL the clock clock The factory to the of with 12-hour clock The to the of using 24-hour clock or the clock turned OFF. the clock turned OFF, the clock to the background the previously chosen 12-hour or 24-hour To clock Press Press and clock seconds. Press clock to or CLO OFF choices. Release when the appears and Press START to NOTE The clock when the active with function or self-clean.
or C) The factory to with (F) The to or (C) To the Press Press and seconds. Release when or C appears Press to or C choices. Release when appears and Press START to NOTE The when the active or once 12-Hour or The factory 12-Hour This the off hours and of The to this To 12-Hour or Press Press and on-off seconds. Press on-off to choose OFF" or On" Release Press START to NOTE the 12-Hour or the
tone tone sound when and the of cook or The factory to the highest The through or OFF. To tone Press Press and seconds appear of then release To through the and to the displayed release the the highest the lowest and OFF Press START to NOTE the OFF tones The the and the This the Press To the Press and seconds. appear the the locked. To lock: Press and seconds. Once the the NOTES To to the locking to force the when the displayed. If when active, the sound tone indicating the function the turned off.
The to cooking or food without with active cooking process. the countdown reaches than the seconds. the the the hours How to the Press 1.Press on-off 3.Press To active anytime, the on-off NOTES The or the cooking process. The or with other active The hours and hour than hour the count and seconds. Once the than only seconds If both the and active, the information To information other active the once the other
preheat the preheat option to the to The preheat option the or preheat with cook or cook with The following apply preheat: Factory 350F/176C preheat 170F 77C preheat 550F 288C Recommended cooking ONLY or and dough-based such as cakes, and breads, the function To preheat using the Press Press or Press preheat. Press START. activated, the preheating and PRE appear the tone sound indicating the finished preheating. food using To preheating CANCEL. to preheat with the 425F/ 218C Press Press or or Press preheat Press START To preheat CANCEL. NOTES To preheat started, the with the and START to To preheat started, the with the and START to or IMPORTANT Once the preheated, the fast preheat and to
to cook food items that cooking with the following preheat and with The following apply to the Factory 350F/176C 170F 77C 550F 288C To the the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press The of 350F appear the Press START Once active the preheating. the reaches the sound tone indicating the ready. To CANCEL. CAUTION or when with the interior, and become enough to burns. cook foods directly the To the and cook foods the To with the 425F/ 218C Press Press Press START To CANCEL. NOTES cook to the cook section instructions. If active without cook the hours turning off If to than hours, 12-Hour or instructions.
preheat the items cookies, and breads. the that the food the of the when cakes racks, the and If racks, and racks, cookware as shown Allow least inches of cookware or heat than or overbrowning of foods. It to reduce the or cook to overbrowning of foods. recommended recommended cakes, cookies, and the function cookies.
The cook when and cook Following the cook the The cook hours, instructions with the following features: Conv Conv cook preheat To with the of 350F (176C): Press Press cook Press START. Press Press START Once active, the "TIMED" and "BAKE" The cook the and then shut-off. the cook appear the and the shut-off ).The every seconds the pressed. To cooking CANCEL WARNING FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing food or sickness. NOTES cooking with cook the active cook once to cook cooking with cook the cook cook of to the or self-clean features.
cook with cook with the as the cook option to exactly when the cooking and and instructions with the following features: Conv Conv cook instructions, the of correct. To the to 375F (191C) and to automatically shut-off Press Press cook Press START Press Press Press Press START to IMPORTANT Once START pressed, the the Once the passed, the and heat to the The to this the cook reaching the the cook appear the and the shut-off The seconds as the CANCEL pressed. To cooking CANCEL CAUTION when foods with cook or instructions. that easily such as meat or poultry, should the first. when chilled, they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when NOTES You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME with fresh to the clean section to The to the preheat or features. to Once the the cooking process, the cook once to cook
the to cook that to heat The following apply to the Factory 550F 288C 400F 205C 550F 288C WARNING Should fire the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. or the fire. and grease fire to and injury. CAUTION or when with the and become enough to burns. the without the the with the grease To food from contacting the and to grease the roasting when allow the to preheat the To burning food, the food when and meat when the recommended and the type and amount of prepared. Table the To with the factory of 550F 288C: Press the the then the meat the to follow and the to and the to the with meat directly Press Press START. Turn meat when first obtained. Once activated, the "BROIL" and the To anytime CANCEL
(cont) The that allow grease and from the meat to the meat and then as shown Recommended the recommended the of listed. Increase or or the to to If the food the follow the instructions and the item closely. Food thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick or 6th* 550F thick 550F Chicken-bone 450F Chicken-boneless 450F 500F as directed 550F as directed thick 6th* 550F thick 550F the off-set when Broiling Table
Conv Convection to the heat and continuously The heat allows cooking with cooking slightly increase cook food types, the The should when instructions written If instructions and to follow the option instructions. The option the that the of performance. cook evenly. or required. Conv with the following preheat or cook with The following apply to the Factory 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Preheat the Press Press START. activated, the CONV BAKE and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready. To anytime CANCEL NOTE You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME The the first of This The to as the approaches the
Conv preheat the items and breads. using the that the food the of the when racks, and the If using racks, and racks, cookware as shown Allow least inches of cookware and should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food items with cook the function cakes.
Conv The allows to The the and to Conv with Conv with cook or instructions. of performance. foods cook and or required. To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press Press activated, the "CONV BAKE" and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready. To anytime CANCEL NOTES cook reductions the reduces The the cook or If that than the CF food) To with of 375F (191C): Press Press cook Press START. Press Press with cook or the CF food when the cook At this the tone the cook finished or canceled. To CANCEL Follow the and the section of this and
Conv Convection cook with the and to and poultry. Heated around the meat from and Meats cooked with this and the while There to reduce the when Conv with the following with The following apply Factory 350F/176C 300F 148C 550F 288C of performance. foods cook and NOTE You choose to COOK TIME with END TIME The the first of This The to as the approaches the To with the factory of 350F (176C): Press Press Press START activated, the CONV ROAST and the heating. Once the reaches the tone sound indicating the ready To anytime CANCEL Preheating and poultry. food items or food of the cavity Since cooks reduce cook from the recommended of the food this Then increase cook the obtained. food items the recommended the type of food prepared. to follow and or to the information. the cover foods when roasting covering the meat from properly.
should the and The catch grease and the grease or to the the the the securely seated top of the the without the cover the with meat food and the Meat to to to Poultry whole to whole to whole to to fresh to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to F, F. roasting and breast with to overbrowning and of the Conv
the to foods with the following options: with The following apply to the 170F 76C 150F 66C 190F 88C WARNING FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Doing bacteria to which food or sickness. To food from contacting the and to grease the roasting when To with the Press Press KEEP WARM Press START To with of Press Press KEEP WARM using Press START If cooking the cook or to the To CANCEL selection the recommended chart below If food listed, the of 170F. If the or from the food. foods 170F. of foods to meat with and 170F. Food Item Heating 190F 190F 170F Soups (Cream) 170F 170F Meats 170F 150F Plates with Food 150F 150F Breads/Pastries 150F Recommended Food
cook To cook with The cook to cook foods The cooking that of This when roasting or cook with the following options: with The following apply to the cook High: 275F/ 134C cooking to hours 225F 108C cooking to hours Completely thaw foods or to of cooking when cooking food items. or the hour of the or the when food items. The heat that the the food to cook. foods to them or or cover to allow foods to or the bone the of the Preheating the necessary. Press and cookware the Press cook appear the indicating the high If cook to the and release. Press START. To cook CANCEL. To or cook cook started: Press cook To the the cook to the or and release. Press START to If cooking the cook or to the NOTE cooking the of becoming this
The to and This or with cook and cooking features. This with other including or clean. To and shown to with of 325F): Press Press cook Press START Press Press START To and seconds. If this to the with the to CANCEL To Press Press The appear the Press START To Press Press and the from the NOTES If the to the when to CANCEL the or If the recording following the "To
the factory and tested to the first follow and If think the cooking too or too cool the the cooks or cooler than the displayed. The increased +35F (+19C) or -35F (-19C) from the factory thermometers such as those found to the These thermometers as as to from to offset the +30F: Press Press and seconds. Release when tone sounds. UPO should appear of To START to offset the -30F: Press Press and seconds. Release when tone sounds. UPO should of Press to to To change, START NOTE the or self-cleaning
the This when the tones or the BAKE and heating the cooking while the You first the BAKE and the and the COOK TIME option the to the the displays. The COOK TIME option, to the Sabbath the of COOK TIME The the factory 12-hour and the the If of the cooking when the the or to the If the lights to them to the Once the light turned ON and the active, the light the turned off and the lights off. The the lights when the or closed. It recommended that within active with of the START This the ON to the of its If the of the the to the to the further and of with the please the To the the Press the clock with the of Press Press START. cook or If this and to to the cook or instructions. To and both the cook and together seconds. sound. Release the Once properly the the IMPORTANT the shut-off completing cook or and therefore once the Sabbath/Jewish The hours and TIMED CHICKEN NUGGETS DOOR CONVECT BAKE PIZZA DELAY TIMER COOKTOP BROIL ROAST
Canceling To Press FOOD POISONING HAZARD. food than hour or Press and both the cook Doing food or sickness. and seconds. sound. Release the previously-set the once NOTES The once the to You the once started. Press the Press START that the or further once the the WARNING What to or interruption when active: Should or the the SHUT OFF. SF appear the indicating and the To Sabbath section). TIMED CHICKEN NUGGETS DOOR CONVECT BAKE PIZZA DELAY TIMER COOKTOP To the the section). BROIL ROAST
light Restoring to factory with of to the factory The following or options or that from the Clock 12-hour or 24-hour 12-Hour or (F or C). restoring, please that previous to the once the START pressed. This includes offset the when To to factory Press Press and the seconds. sound and appear the Press START to IMPORTANT The light turn ON when the Press to the light ON and OFF whenever the closed. The light self-clean The light located the of the and covered with shield with The shield whenever the To the light, the light" the Cleaning section.
self-clean to the following self-clean items from the and including food, cookware, and withstand high the self-clean and from the to If the they The self-clean to the of the racks the seconds as to the self-clean the clear. items from the the light shield Turn off the light. or the should wiped-up and self-clean To clean, and cloth. food heavy or fire self-clean. that high or (such as tomatoes, or self-cleaning. the cleaning the Doing the The of the should to or the cleaners or protective coatings of from cleaners the the self-clean Clean from the Clean and self-clean If they to the high self-clean. shown white WARNING the the self-clean children from the self-clean to follow these instructions burns. CAUTION The health of to the off the self-clean of to another well-ventilated DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the interior. to self-clean. Self-Clean
Self-clean self-clean self-cleaning cleans higher than those The self-clean completely or reduces them to that easily with cloth. The self-clean function self-cleaning. hours light, hours or hours To self-clean: Press The should and items from the the completely closed. Press once 3-hour hour clean or 2-hour Press START Once active, the the appear the DO NOT try to the when the (allow about seconds the to completely lock). DO NOT force the This the locking Once the the off and the the self-clean the clean finished: The of and the Once the cooled (about hour) and displayed, the appear this OFF the finished the cool, or from the cloth or towel. NOTES self-clean the active. the self-clean active, the amount of the self-clean once. If self-clean to completely cleaned.
self-clean To self-clean: Press the If the self-clean heated the to high the Allow enough the to cool and the to this OFF the Starting self-clean If self-clean using the the finished cleaning, to another self-clean If self-clean shortly started, and the reach high self-clean the clean as as the from the If the enough from the self-clean to to hours the allow another to Restarting self-clean If the self-clean interrupted thoroughly cleaned. Another self-clean Once restored, the cooled and the to another repeated self-clean If attempting to repeating self-clean the the then the of the self-clean the displayed reads and the oclock, the allow self-clean to oclock. self-clean You to to self-clean to hours The when the cleaning You to the enough to allow the type of choose, whether or hours. to to of cooling the heavy hour) self-clean to oclock: Press the clock with the of racks. items from the the completely closed. Press the Press START. Press clean. Press Press START Press CANCEL to self-clean. CAUTION To burns when the the self-clean finished. The VERY HOT to the of the when the to allow or to Self-clean
and Cleaning Painted Painted or Decorative Clean with or cloth. with and with cloth. cleaners. cleaners cleaning to cleaners from the as bluish heating that and clean the self-clean and following instructions. Thoroughly and to thoroughly the top, and front of the You the of the the or allow or to the To scratches, cleaners, cleaning or cleaning the of the clean the On self-cleaning the of which should to or this heads, Cleaning and the and Cleaning section. cleaning, and cloth. and built-up grease, apply directly with cloth and cleaners these they scratch. To to OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both and then cleaning the off, and from cleaners or they scratch. Clean using and dishcloth. to from dishcloth when around the or around the to the and dishcloth and to from dishcloth the with cleaning with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with cleaning and with clean cloth. allow food with high or or to they cleaning. from cavity self-clean Clean from and the information to the instructions the self-cleaning section. Cleaning Cleaning
Cleaning and CAUTION from the they completely cooled and to DO NOT to the whenever the or heads To burns DO NOT to the without the additions, or this to satisfactorily the authorized Agency. IMPORTANT cleaners the turn to rear of and the to the of the flow and of the DO NOT allow food, cleaning or other to the The to or the the the the seated top of heads. to the Section. The to cleaning The sealed easy when cleaned immediately. If the recessed or areas, with cloth. with clean, cloth and cleaners the They scratch the Completely cleaners the become heating. and Cleaning The dishwasher and cleaned the dishwasher. the dishwasher. To the cleaning, the off the head. Clean heavy with cloth. with clean, cloth and thoroughly the and of the cleaners; they scratch the the dishwasher. to the Section. heads the from the head. The heads to the and cleaned flow to clean the heads and To clean, first DAMP cloth to food from the toothbrush. cloth. located the or to clean. Should that partially with With the head or the of to clear the or head
and Cleaning and or to cover the racks. CAUTION Protective to the as the of these of shock, or fire. the restricts the heat and flow to the cooking self-clean the become enough to cooking or the This to the and finish. the light CAUTION the and COOL light. Wear leather protection or burns. The lights located the rear of the cavity and covered with shield The shield protects the light and whenever the To light Turn off the or the Press to to release the shield that covers the light light with shield and back Turn (or the The clock then to To clock this shield
the CAUTION To burns, to the the completely cooled. IMPORTANT The heavy. when and the the the completely the both and right from the completely towards the such as screwdriver required. both of the the the to the The this closing. With the the and the from the To to allow the to the front and Cleaning C about
and Cleaning the To both of the the the the as the the section and both the located each of the With both the the and the both and right to the the C about
instructions IMPORTANT that Read the following the the and retracted to the back of the the with or other The or unexpectedly. Scratching, hitting, or the its causing increased of You the of the or allow or the to or the cloth first and then the clean. cleaners, or cleaning the of the or the and Cleaning
to Common service the following It The includes that the of workmanship or this Appliance enough to easily. Appliance service The of The of first to the clock the section. the properly the cooking this or the instructions this or light light section this or displays Press CANCEL to clear the F10) the or If the supply to and then the and clock the of the or If the and service. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX If or to the installation. of the of the appear clearance. or built too tightly. or to with correctly Service or authorized service house lights to service.
properly. Follow instructions or this from or amounts of grease the If or About the section. factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the section of this to Common or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX to Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat the Preheat the Meat properly prepared. from to curling, grease the with to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food
to Common light Allow the to burns around. or service 1-877-4ELECTR OLUX completely turned to and the to and then to clogged. With the OFF, or to Cleaning and the and Cleaning section instructions. Appliance disconnected from securely the areas, slightly to clogged. With the OFF, clean using or cleaning. Lightly the and allow to the thoroughly and follow instructions Cleaning and the and Cleaning section.
Notes
Notes
Appliance Warranty Information covered warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first year from of purchase. and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service tolls, charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR RE- PLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORT- EST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLU- SIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or phone below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or as or to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Terry L5V 3E4