(United States) Please reference. incluye P/N Spanish Products P. O. GA This operating instructions and information the features. The graphics shown The graphics White Consolidated Industries exactly those shown. rights Congratulations purchase of At Products, of and completely to with the service priority. know and Thank You choosing hope purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instructions only as instructed this These instructions to and that Common and when operating and Please and below reference. Purchase Product Product The self-addressed PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and to Products.
Read instructions using this these instructions reference. This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions This to that serious death or property This to that or property If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. FOR YOUR SAFETY: or or other and the vicinity of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light switch; Immediately from neighbor's Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service servicer or the and the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe properly and grounded with the National ANSI Z223.- edition, or CAN/CGA B149.1, and CAN/CGA B149.2, and the the National ANSI/NFPA edition, or CSA C22.1, and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. servicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician, This reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the Instructions to with or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other injury. the or warmer items of to children the or the backguard of Children the to reach items seriously Appliance Warming or Heating the or ApplianceFlammable should warmer near or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the To reduce the of the properly with the To the properly, that and the or with warmer the top of the and to to the Instructions installation.
Not Children AloneChildren should or the where They should to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE BURNERS, AREAS NEAR THESE BURNERS, OVEN BURNERS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN. Both and though become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from potholders heating towel or other cloth instead of Not Heat Unopened Food of to burst and the from to or IMPORTANTELECTRIC IGNITION MODELS ONLY: to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOKTOP the of the The of of the to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. which each of food the turning and turn the off the to the LITE when top that Then the the of the Should Turned and Not To reduce the of burns, of and to with the the of the should that turned and High Heat and greasy that or that Instructions Protective to or as this of these of shock, or fire. Only of earthenware, or other service without to the the IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or Warmer to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The located below the backguard. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or near the These items or of Racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without its The and its allow to and from the high heat of the cover the with Exposed and grease Cold the the the first or when the of the 32F (0C) least hours turning the to the IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR RANGE Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to to the instructions cleaning. cleaners and follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and injury. SELF CLEANING OVENS Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the Not Cleaners or protective coating of should or around of the Clean The should to or the
the INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS with this and grounding instructions. The California Water and Enforcement the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such Instructions IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE GROUNDING INSTRUCTIONS only) fire or shock. cord, or grounding from cord. to follow this serious fire or death. This with protection shock and should directly properly grounded DO NOT or the grounding from this the properly grounded. the outlet that correctly and properly grounded. If the the responsibility of the to with properly grounded
At to
items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the of the manually. To light match to the head, then turn the to LITE. lights and to CAUTION when lighting manually. the the outer of the higher heat and and increases of the *These based using medium-weight or with when other of The of the the to clear, and well-lighted Each of should steady and or clean yellow-orange. with The to heat food and increases as the increases. The The cooking The of to and when of food. of cookware that the amount and type of food and to the allow to the outer of the Each lights from each turned to the LITE the cooking the and counterclockwise of the OFF Release the and to the LITE four the the turning that the the and counterclockwise to the The to the and the as DO NOT cook with the the LITE (The to the the LITE cooking the highest and then to to the the below as of The and type of and the amount of food cooked influence the thermometer and the accordingly. If the too cool, the food the and greasy. If the too the food that the to too food once as the food neither cook properly. of High foods; to thicken steaming. foods
The located below the backguard the released through this This the and DO NOT BLOCK THE OVEN VENT. ALWAYS ARRANGE OVEN RACKS WHEN THE OVEN IS COOL (PRIOR TO OPERATING THE OVEN). when using the Removing To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back with To the or To racks, the and
READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE OVEN. satisfactory of become with the of the as below. graphics from those shown. CLEAR PAD Used to clear function previously the of and CLEAR to the CLEAR to BAKE PAD Used to the function. BROIL PAD Used to the function. CLEAN PAD Used to the self-cleaning OVEN, PREHEAT LOCK LIGHTS The "OVEN" light each the to the The "PREHEAT" light when the first to or the higher than the The "DOOR LOCKED" light when the and or when the self-clean or the activated. The light constantly the The to: BAKE, TIME BAKE, BROIL, SELF-CLEAN, CONTINUOUS BAKE and OVEN LOCKOUT. choosing function, heard each pressed. If the operation. Press and seconds, the once. This the from sounding when pressed. To the sound, and seconds the once. The to the The to F when shipped from the factory. The from 170F to 550F (65C to 287C). To the to C or from C to F should or Clean Press appears the Press and the "HI" appears the Press and F or C appears the Press the or to F to C or C to F. Press to to operating Functions UP and DOWN ARROW PADS Used with the function to cooking (when of and CLOCK PAD Used to the of FEATURE INDICATOR LIGHTS These light to which BAKE TIME PAD Used to the of the STOP TIME PAD Used to the Can with BAKE TIME to TIMER PAD Used to or the The or Also, the TIMER to the Continuous
To the Clock the first or when the to the interrupted, the Press Within seconds, and the or the of appears the The clock or self-clean To the Press Press the to increase the Press and the to increase the The amount of from to hours and If the first, the to hours and The shows the count Then the count seconds. the the It then to seconds pressed. The or It as the that when the The or of the other the with other function, the shown the To other the that function. To the while or While the active and shows the and the to increase or the To the the Press The of first to the
To or the The to from 170F to 550F (65C to 287C). To the appears the Press Within seconds, the or The "350F (177C)." and holding the or the then 5F (1C) as the or released, the heating to the selected the displayed reaches the the To the function, To the Started: Press and the displayed. Press the or to increase or the To Continuous or Hour The built-in Hour that off the the than hours and The to this To Press appear the Press and seconds tone heard, appear The of to the To the Continuous function, and seconds tone heard. appear indicating that the to the Hour To The to the and inactivate the To Press and seconds. appear the light and the to automatically. DO NOT while the light flashing. Allow about seconds the to lock. Once the locked, the of appear the To the and seconds. The the and operation. If while the appear the the released.
of cook to and or Recommended Decrease Food Item by: Meats (or Poultry (or foods (or to (or to Rolls/Breads/Pizza (or NOTE: The NOTE: the the than 250F. (If to the heat and continuously around the This heat allows fast, cooking and It when the Heated flows around the food from and Meats cooked with Poultry the while and the Breads and evenly. foods cooked and with To to with reduction and increase the the obtained. reductions the amount and type of food. Preheating when with with items such as cookies, breads, the and the cakes and food items when with the function. To the as normally with and features. Press and release switch. The light and the MINUTE DELAY If the already reached 350F the immediately.The when the closed and off while the The to To the function, the as would to function.
o the (If The BAKE TIME and STOP TIME the to the and off the The to immediately and off or to with shutoff. To the to Immediately and To Automatically: that the clock shows the of the food the Press Within seconds, the or The "350F (177C)." holding the or the then 5F (1C) Press the or the appears the Press the The and heating. To and to Shut-Off Automatically that the clock shows the of the food the Press Within seconds, the or The "350F (177C)." holding the or the then 5F (1C) Press the Press the or the appears. Press The earliest the Press the or the appears the Once the the the when to the The the and heating. the "END" appear the and the off automatically. The seconds pressed. To the or Started: Press the function to Press the or to the with the to cook or and and that easily such as meat or poultry, should the first. when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when cooking completed.
The with the allows grease to and from the high heat of the DO NOT the without the DO NOT cover the with The grease To while cool. the as From Top Food Press Press and the or the appears the the then the food the DO NOT the the the food and the finished, Should fire the and off the If the fire fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. the chart below. and foods such as and the Press the HI or the LO foods the HI Select the LO to or of foods that should cooked to the the without the or cover the with The the to the turning or food.
the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT children the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another DO NOT the racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. Self-Cleaning self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to with cloth. to the following cleaning DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The of the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing the and and These items withstand high cleaning the or If they through the their slightly and the the and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the the cavity the cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as tomatoes, or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the the the and the the front of the These heat sufficiently to Clean with and Self-Cleaning
To the Self-Clean satisfactory hour self-clean light and hour to heavy NOTE: The should or the first self-clean This the associated with the first self-clean To the Self-Clean the clock shows the of Press appears the Press the appears the hour or the appears the hour as the or released, appears the as the the to and the "LOCK" light flash. DO NOT the while the light flashing about seconds the to The "LOCK" light the cleaning completed or and the cooled. the Self-Clean Completed: The of or appear the and the Clean and "LOCK" light to Once the cooled about HOUR and the "LOCK" light the If the and the Clean The of appear the NOTE: the cool, or with cloth or towel. or Self-Cleaning If becomes to or self-cleaning Press Once the cooled about HOUR and the "LOCK" light the the self-clean once corrected. when the the self-cleaning to the of the when the to allow or to DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. Self-Cleaning
Painted and and Decorative Grates, Below and Chrome Cleaning the The to cleaning the four sealed, easy when cleaned immediately. To clean, with clean, cloth and Cleaning the Contoured Areas, Heads: The areas, and head should routinely cleaned. the and to the following section instructions. Cleaning to Clean and cloth. with clean cloth. cleaning, and cloth. and built- grease, apply directly the to with cloth and DO NOT cleaners of these they scratch. cleaning the to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean as instructed from the cloth the when around the or around the to the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean and the dishwasher and If follow the cleaning instructions below. scouring with scouring with of clean and If necessary, cover with to with clean and cloth, then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the top. Clean with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaners with high of or cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that racks. and Racks" cleaner, following instructions. with clean and cleaning the racks, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the To with and cloth. DO NOT the DO NOT the The of cleaning which should to or the
THE COOKTOP IS NOT REMOVABLE. to or the when the the This or the from additions, or this to satisfactorily the authorized Distributor or Qualified Agency. Cleaning To Clean the Recessed and Contoured of the If or the recessed or areas, with cloth. with clean, cloth and To and the and Heads the following head and (4th) the to the head and from the they completely cooled and to the without the and head properly To Clean the Head and scouring or cleanser to the heads and The (or around the head routinely cleaned. If these or to the or flow of and of the DO NOT ALLOW SPILLS, FOOD, CLEANING AGENTS OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL TO ENTER THE GAS ORIFICE HOLDER OPENING. ALWAYS the and head whenever o and To the screws located the of the the each the to the the both and and off the hinges. To follow the instructions the cleaning To the the the hinges hand. The back the and the the the top. the the of the the The should the corners of the as as they If the with the and the The heavy. temporary the with the of the facing
and Cleaning of with and cleaning the appearance of Please to the the of the Cleaning section this The the the factory. first the to follow and If think the too or too cool, the the using that higher or than the recommended The should to of To Press the to 550F (287C) and the the appears. Release The the Within seconds, and amount of offset the factory and the If the the factory the The or 35F (17C), 5F and holding the or the amount of offset appears the lowering the appear the to that the cooler the amount of the to back to the of The the self-cleaning Cleaning the Light On the light when the switch located the to the light. The light located the rear of the and covered with shield The shield whenever the To the light: Turn off the or the Press to to release the shield. with shield and Turn back the (or the back The clock then to To the Clock and this the and COOL light. Wear leather-faced protection
service this It and The includes that the of workmanship or this OCCURRENCE easily. Appliance service. light. burns around. light You POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION of the of the appear of countertop and to or appear to and clearance. or built too tight. to the or to Carpeting with hard-plumbed. C.S.A. International completely to LITE. and the to LITE and then to clogged. With the off, or to the cleaning Cleaning cleaning instructions. from only). securely the only). manually. this clogged. With the off, or cleaning. Lightly the and allow to the thoroughly following instructions the Cleaning section. Allow the to areas, slightly to the correctly the function. this or Appliance Not below). "ON". instructions. The of first to the tightly outlet only). Service servicer or only). house lights to service. manually. this supply turned Burned-out or the Light section this to or the
OCCURRENCE excessively and displays F1, F3 or F9. Self-Cleaning completely or from You POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the and the Meat properly prepared. from meat. to curling, the without or covered with DO NOT the without the or the with to cleaned. caused of grease or food If the clean should closed when This with of the art its features The constantly its as as to they operating correctly. If of these the immediately operation, and continuously (flashing of F1, F3 or F9* the CLEAR to clear the and If CLEAR and authorized servicer. factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, this properly. Follow instructions Self-Cleaning section. Self-cleaning interrupted. to the Follow or Self-Clean Cleaning to clean front, top of or These the self-cleaning enough to Clean these the self-clean Burned-on cleaned with and or to the self-clean cleaning This or amounts of grease the the self-clean If or the self-clean and follow the or the Self-Clean the Cleaning section.
Notes
Notes
RANGE WARRANTY protected this warranty the U.S.A., warranted Products North of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products North America servicer. warranted WCI Inc. *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS IF YOU NEED SERVICE This warranty the of the U.S.A., and Product or specifications as or illustrated to without warranties Products North America, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. warranted WCI Inc. USA Products North America P.O. GA This warranty only to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves,etc., which of the when shipped from the factory. to of light and/or with these features). This warranty the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. NOTE: allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products North America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained Products: 03-U-RA-01 (English) Products North America L5R 4C2