EOG9330
Introduction This and to the British It the C.E. The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the the that who the the with the to This to operated of or The to cook food. You other It and from the The instructions that with the and where fitted. If the already that instructions If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something RATING PLATE This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (Where the rating plate from the this the
the information The cooling the Lighting the and light The The and The and cooking charts cooking The and cleaning What and why? light Servicing Instructions Technical Location of Testing
the This and serviced as stated the regulations and IEE Regulations. It that the supply. should the rating This with height Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further
information To the from please these instructions You should to cooking and as these from You to these with the of the of the with items which catch fire or leads such as of the Appliance housing and finish. To to the housing or the or when the or If become when the foods the the The cooling the cooling The cooling to as as light the or You to hear the when The cooling to turned off the or It switch and off the cooled If to off the supply to the should the cooling using the or from the cavity and the below the to too to the or while information
information The and light when the If, reason of the the relight Please You only the with the or partially You the when the closed. You the or the of Connecting to the electricity supply This earthed and protected The with the directly to three earthed the to the If to the with which ASTA to BS the the back If the cover from The or coding. If the off of as shock the house. If the there with the supply. the trying another of that correctly the the If the there the which right. with rating higher than other the and
Lighting the and To light: the the and to the highest This shown the when using the the or with as this to fires. To light: the the and to the there first. the to the the showing the Lighting the and
Lighting the and To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the the light The light when the alight. If to the light follow the instructions
The that the without food approximately to off from the this emitted, therefore to Heat The heat The to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. The high should such as toast. to cook thicker foods such as the high You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the The should the shelf without the plate The of the You the to of food. If the whilst the and hear The re-light when the You the when the when the used. children should cover the or with as this to fires. The
The There the counted from the top food should cooked the the You the to thicknesses of food. You straight the shelf. This when the top of food such as Preheating You usually to preheat the You to preheat of when or browning food. Positioning food the food such as toast, and the of the If food this rotating food which heat, such as or the of the meat, meat products and to their thickness and them cooked.
The and The with To the the the the that the plate the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the shelf that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the If this from Service Force The
The To the of the food when using the should the the to to food. the heat to. Plate You the to plates while the plates to the when as this the
The the when the the should with cloth. This that the without food to off from the this emitted, therefore to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods the If cooking than of items, or the around the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to Preheating You to preheat the and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the to preheat the The
The shelves The shelves of the shelves If to shelf completely, as as the front and it To the the front the the the front and the The counted from the top and recommended the cooking charts and cooking to least shelves to allow the heat to properly. The recommended the cooking charts the to shelf the other shelf or below the where there the with the higher when cooking
and the that which If or which than this, to around the of the shelf. You to items around Roasting roasting or to It to cover meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to If roasting or breast with to allow each items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. the This and nothing to about. The when heat and Whenever to that food which of covered. If straight cooking dishes, and the This the as as the and possibly the the of and the of the the heat properly. of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food the too back as food burn it the The
cooking chart If cooking than of items, cakes or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher to These instructions cooking the it pre-heated using both shelves, the with the the higher least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the the the of the shelf. cooking chart and and and and and and and and cooking Shelf Roasting meat: Food Thoroughly thaw cooking them. Recommended with
The roasting preheated If cover the food with or allow and and and as including stuffing Thoroughly thaw cooking them. each Christmas cake Yorkshire cooking Shelf below and Poultry: Food hours. hours. hours. Recommended with cooking chart
cooking chart cooking Shelf Food Profiteroles Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) To the cook or plates and to cook. and Yeast You then them them to *Recommended shelf with
cooking The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat You to cook food the to the cook This that the of the food enough to the food foods such as and cooking the too food to from You food the hour normally Food preparation-slow cooking of and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. least hours. cook of meat thermometer, that the the least o C. roasting or Thaw meat and of meat from and first. cooking
cooking Soups, and cook the of the or food with tight or beans then to To from food with tight or then reduce to the cook the with and allow to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of Flavouring retained there the of the cooking slightly as there cooking and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. Reheating Cool food and then the reheat food the cook food the or microwave. reheat food once.
THE ELECTRONIC MINUTE MINDER Decrease and Increase The to the of Please that this hour clock, shown as the following to the and the of through them with the If the switched off the or there of the clock and to the TO SET THE TIME OF DAY the electricity supply first switched ON, the Press buttons and together. Release the buttons, appear the as Within seconds the as Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached, The
The TO USE THE MINUTE MINDER The the of of cooking to hours and To and the Release and and The count the to reached, If and to the The the The to count once The of the To the of the cook At the of the sound to The and the of the To the sound The and the of TO CANCEL THE MINUTE MINDER If and to the Press and release Press and and the count to Release seconds the of the
and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of Clean cloth that and cloth. cleaners and should as they the finish. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the Cleaning and (Where the from the as It strongly recommended that and cloth cleaning the and ANY OTHER CLEANING MATERIALS DULL THE FINISH. should when cleaning, to that cleaning products from the immediately. The Clean the the shelf, and ,and the while they slightly This easily splashes and Clean them with cloth that You such as to such as and cleaning
and cleaning The The of the finished You should the and or such as If cleaners they the Council (VEDC) of Follow the instructions the cleaning and the with to becoming blocked. Clean the shelves, meat and the while they slightly This easily splashes and the with cloth that You or they too high the If they to the roof. Cover roasting with This splashing. roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there
Cleaning the and You the from the and to. The with You the of the when the To the the the head screws the top of the these screws using screwdriver. Please that the type and from that shown the You should the securely with hand, whilst the screws completely, with the other hand. If this, the holding the the from the top of the the of the The both the top of the slightly to the the of the Clean the outer and and such as the holding both and the the of the the of the the top of the the and the screw location the top of the that correctly positioned. You this through the the top of the and checking that the screw location the with and the head screws the location with the other hand. Tighten the screws screwdriver. the and cleaning
and cleaning Cleaning The To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches non-stick or Chemical or If the becomes chipped or scratches the and to the of the shattering. Please Service Force who pleased to further. should the assembly from the cleaning. to the cleaning instructions.
What and why? strongly that the following Service The or light. that the switched the that the to that there If the electricity supply or switched the off the the the cooling cooled the Switch the the the cooling cooled that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire Food cooking too or too slowly. that the recommended and and to the or to the The cooking evenly. that the properly and the recommended and shelf If or which than the to round cooking If cooking item to round What and why?
What and why? cleaning of the that following the instructions and cleaning The lights If to light The that the instructions closely followed. The or that the It that the to to
light You screw with rating of T300. the cool the the and the shelves. the cover towards and then off. Unscrew the turning to the and then the cover. the shelves. the back the electricity supply. the of The light covered the light
Servicing Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk through the information the heading 'What and why?' customers should that the the heading 'What and why?' as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that to of purchase service to the of the and of this information this P.N.C.
try to or the as this that service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or as follows or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (IrI) of Ireland The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone telephone directory Servicing
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS Please that the type and from that shown the Where and L.P. of this that this the type of supply the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. front of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height N/A of Appliance Clearance top of Appliance to of CONNECTIONS Hose Rear top right of B.S.P. Right of B.S.P. Rear of 240V and moulded fused to GRILL with expanded Heat OVEN mounted of Heat Thermostat GAS CATEGORY COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION CAT. 2H GB, IE CAT. GB, IE
IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions and the I.E.E Regulations. the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and BS.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and with the to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom, shower or It that there clearance of the top of the and the top of the The conforming to The following internal NOTE: Where with the clearance of top and L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other recommended
INSTALLATION Installation. FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET It recommended that hose (B.F.S.) and straight (B.F.S.) the hose of the used. IMPORTANT: comply with BS editions. L.P.G. of type L.P.G. and of to and or NOTE: threaded P.T.F.E. and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the The to the the right the or should accordingly. the as that the the to NOTE: It that the the to both the and the allow to with of the the section If the supply and fixing to located the located the as indicated hose to the supply The hose should enough to allow the to from the the front of the and the Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this hose to the N.B. people to the Warning: to this the the the the hose and trapped. the as back as and the the screws the indicated Carry connecting to the supply. NOTE: supply SECTION
INSTALLATION FITTING THE APPLIANCE AND CABINET and the Preferably or earthed should the back of the below the as that the the to NOTE: It that the the to both the and the allow children to with of the the section and the the supply the right of the the screws the the and assembly from the back of the the from the and assembly. The the installation. The should connected to the supply "B.S.P. straight the with the the of the the upwards. the front of the and the supply Section through the and to the or that the supply isolated this N.B. people to the Warning: to this the the the the supply the the of the and the the the as back as the supply through the and through and the to the screws the indicated Tighten the the supply Carry connecting to the supply. NOTE: supply Section SIDE VIEW FRONT VIEW GAS INLET SUPPLY BLOCK
CONNECTION TO ELECTRICITY SUPPLY WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED, DO NOT EARTH THIS APPLIANCE TO THE GAS SUPPLY PIPING. This connected to 230V-240V supply which incorporates If other type of should incorporate the or or the board. The with of with moulded If this to allow the to the supply the to the The supply least sectional B.E.A.B. sealed with DO NOT EXTEND THE CABLE USING PLASTIC OR CERAMIC CONNECTION TERMINAL BLOCKS AND/OR INSULATION TAPE. If the supply recommended that the of the to the the Should the to threaded through the it from the If the off of as it shock the house. To to the of the the wires as follows: BROWN to the BLUE to the GREEN and YELLOW to the earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: The which GREEN and YELLOW connected to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured GREEN or GREEN and YELLOW. The which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the 'N' or coloured The which coloured BROWN to the which with the 'L' or coloured RED. FIT AMP FUSE TO THE PLUG FUSE HOLDER PRESSURE TESTING The located the right of the Access to the through the top right of the the head anticlockwise from the the to the the supply turning the thermostat to Then the electricity supply. Allow the to light and flow to The should L.P.
Turn off the electricity supply and the thermostat; the and the Turn supply and soundness. NOTE: The connected to the INLET ELBOW RE-ASSEMBLE THE APPLIANCE the section below). A. REMOVAL OF FASCIA PANEL the and the four screws each which the of the the of the the to from the top fixing NOTE: To the top mounts becoming necessary to the top fixing PRESSURE TEST POINT
CHECKING THE GRILL the containing the the With the the that there from This should the alight. There switch which off the supply to the when the closed. that closing the the supply should off to the the closed. NOTE The to TO SET THE TIME OF DAY To the clock Turn electricity supply and that the thermostat the off Press and Release buttons, appear the Within seconds the Within seconds and to or to increase the the of the hour clock reached, CHECKING THE OVEN the clock as section the clock ready operation. Turn the thermostat to and that there from the This should the alight. the lights the should there should first to the which the (F.S.D.) the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. and the flows to the that the covers the of the and the thermostat to the and that the reduced. Turn off the thermostat and that the
MINUTE MINDER OPERATION The the of of cooking to hours and To and the Release and and The count the to reached, If necessary and to the The the The to count once The of the To the of the cook At the of the sound to The flash and the of the To the sound The and the of GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the operation of the
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating plate The only, and with the instructions The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property This to and other rights and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household The account country please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Ireland EOG
If of the item below please Service Force the The of this OFF DESCRIPTION Fixing Shelf Shelf with Plate Meat If This from Service Force
IMPORTANT NOTICE with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the of superseded or appearance ELECTROLUX HIGH STREET, SLOUGH, BERKSHIRE, SL1 1DZ TELEPHONE www.electrolux.co.uk