EKM11440KN EKM11440CN user
Section About and cooker the programmer/clock the of the the Cleaning and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning light Instructions Clearances. and Connecting the electricity supply. Connecting the supply Technical Customer to light switch. the Emergency TRANSCO If
The below the cavity and About Warming
this please that and of the this It that the and/or while, this off from manufacturing. There which this this nothing to about and that the shelves, the the and the their first this the protective coating. Although every to this burrs, or that wear protective when and this This injury. of and Strict of and guaranteed. to and to publication. Please bear that the sections this to should the sections which and This this protection: to protecting the and operates and which with BS EN ISO with this recyclable and Please recycle whenever authority recycling
that and using them the the of the and the to they or which than or than when food from the as the around the cavity when which the as they that the shelves resting the the shelves top of the highest this to and the or or or which cooking or or heat as they heat and the of the the other than cooking food. cooking they with them to, or top of, the the alight without covering This fire items the while wrap around the shelves, or allow to the the while it this fire heavy items, such as or of meat, from the the shelf, as they overbalance and this to heat other than food items, and heating the WARNING: of the become while that when they to the that the and correctly placed. This becoming while and Customer service You of that the becomes the thermostat replacing. The cooling to Warning the the cracked, or shattered. This high of injury. Switch off the supply and service to Warning the fitted). This the top, reflects heat back the which leads to
without thermocouples: To the the to and the selected anticlockwise, to the If or switch the lights. If to the when the To the to the This that the enough to heat the of the To off, the clockwise to the off that correctly the as shown, and allow the to the of the with thermocouples: as the seconds. the than seconds. If the to light within this release the and to centrally the heat the amount of Once brought to the reduce the heat to cook which match to and while the and thermocouples? below: shows without thermocouples. below: shows with thermocouples. of the Thermocouple and of the the of or the and the to the then lighted match or to the lights. based which the and type. the following or or or to cooking from the of the Thermocouple from the of the
the which this other as this Please these instructions thoroughly using the the first the the first the thoroughly section). Season with amount of cooking Heat the The ready The should front-to-back the indicated the the the the the the the the locating the of the to to the of the preheat the which indicated the preheating, the to the The ready as they the the that children when they to the when allow the to cool completely or cleaning. About The of and cooking seasoning the of the and If the shows of and re-season. Seasoning the the section of this
About (s) as as the of and the the as with the other The light The light when of the hotplates switched or when to It the switched off to as that the top to the Switching Select the to the and the clockwise to the heat to The the and to another. the and off, this to the overheating. there light, this that the recently and to To switch off, turn the selected anti-clockwise to the OFF centrally the heat the amount of Once brought to the reduce the heat to cook which match to and while the and that when they to the when Apply thin of to the to and purchased from Customer The and the back of this based which the and type. the following or or or to cooking to of or hotplate as this and Clean the top as as this of grease which fire cooking the of often heat back the causing to and off
the the the as once the to the shelf. the while the that the when Turn the to the heat To switch off, the to the off The cooling and to To the or altogether. If The of the top and of food. The of the only, and to amounts of food. The This with and The of the to allow to while the this from To the the the of the and to the as shown the Shelf of the or turning the High: thin foods and toasting. thicker cover the or with or allow to the as this fire Warning: become when the Children should of and off. heat to (high) or (high) the which together, or as Pre-heat the about Please the the and of the cavity. It to the
The the The The fitted, to used, or the to and The thermostat to that the heating, and once the achieved, To switch off the the back to the The cooling and to Switching the food, or the of the the and heating.
Switching the this to pre-heat to the This however and the to and The thermostat to that the heating, and once the achieved, To switch off the the back to the or off The cooling and to food, or the of the the and heating.
to to cooking The below shows cooking and the to to the and item which would cook 180C cook the of 160C. This high efficiency of when the cooking or foods, the recommended cooking and the the food throughout There of heat, and when allowing to cook greater of foods together. If cooking than shelf, to slightly increase the cooking that there enough dishes, to allow food to and to C) A Efficiency C)
Pre-heating To the from pre-heating around to This items which based, yeast based or whisked If using function, should heat The items the cooking below based pre-heated to account and high and and the which cracked, or as heating to shattering the Food C cake Christmas cake Yorkshire Shortcrust Conv Shelf top
Roasting the and of the meat and preference. to the roasting the meat or poultry, including the stuffing and follow the below. Meat (including should roasted 200C 180C meat thoroughly to thaw overnight. thoroughly The the of the to hours to cooking meat or the cooking from the of the meat the stuffing. covered roasters, or roasting to reduce meat and reduce splashing. slightly cooking required, to the cooking roasting the recommended the and allow the roasting to the or top of the of with the roasting reduce splashing and to the clean. The of roasting then that advised, as this performance and to cooking Roasting
Roasting perfectly cooking of meat the light breast meat, which allowed to and the meat, which to cook. The roasted enough the to cook, necessary. The breast meat covered once should roasted 190C 160C The roasted, breast of the cook and then turned the of the cooking If the to the cooking If roasting covered with to the cooking To the cooked, the thickest of the thigh. If the clear, the cooked. If the the that the cooked properly Roasting measured the should of these or The this Please to than this, as the guaranteed. Roasting
to the which the cake to to allowing the to too or The properly washed and the Too the Too or too cool enough or creaming. cracks Too or too the Too the enough or creaming. The too outer with too therefore the too Too or too high. too the of protection around the too high shelf. with pronounced Too too and cake insufficiently Not enough Not enough Too cool creaming. when Not enough too Not enough Too Too or Too top creaming of too high or too high the outer to and the to Hollowed top Too too or incorrect from cooked. of cooked too too the Overflowing too the amount of Trouble-shooting PROBLEM POSSIBLE CAUSE Trouble-shooting
Through to the of the and the and cooking The to the of and reading this section that the of The There three buttons this type of The below shows what their the type, and what they the of What Press the and buttons together seconds, and release. The the the LED to flash. While the flashing to the the and buttons. Once the allow approximately seconds of the other This that the correct. tone You the tone there Press and the Once the released, that tone selected. The Used to cook from the and the of to and the Used to increase cook to the and the of Function Used to the this Press once Press Press three to these functions this section. What This hour clock. with the of
To the the Function once. The appear and flashing. The flashing seconds the within this the and to the of required. Once this the the of counted the sound. To the of the buttons. To the the function once and then the and buttons together. The Duration Switch off Press the Function which the The the and the A the of the the and to the of to cook This within seconds or the of Once this the switch off once the and the sound. To switch off the To the function The Switch off Press the Function three which the and the Duration The the and the A the hand of the the and buttons to the the to off. Once this the off the selected. To switch off the To cooking and Press the and buttons together The the
Switch and off This both the and the to The the and Press the Function which the The the and the A the of the the and to the of to cook This within or the of Press the Function three which the and the Duration The flash the and the A the of the the and to the the to off. Once this the off the selected. To switch off the button. the of the and the food The the the with the of the Select foods which as fresh and as as preferably straight from the Choose foods which cooking from as affected uncooked, that meat, and uncooked food thoroughly them the with or to the as to as food the cooking foods thoroughly cooled the the cool containing cooked meat or poultry, or with they containing the The cooking appear to that the Once the switched off please to to the off and the to food as as cooked.
foods to roasted, this the of the cavity greasy. It to the cavity as of the and or dishwasher. Shelf to to them thoroughly. they cool to and then the and of their The cleaned the with cloth which If splashes of readily to them. More using and allow to The cleaned the with cloth which Stubborn cleaned or cleaner. and allow to Cleaning Cleaning the Chrome plated allow to cool and switch off the electricity clean of to clean or cleaners, bleaches, or these while roasting meat to reduce splashes.
when because cleaning. Stubborn with cloth with and off with cloth. cleaner. cleaners. Sharp and the of however they become noticeable the cooled and off and of food with plastic, or cooking and with towel. dishwasher. If or clean then re-season. and heads The the head where the should cleared of Clean with and then thoroughly. There brownish coloured these or and the dishwasher or them. dishwasher and the and heads repositioned correctly that they to the as shown the the This with as to the correctly of the around the burners. cloth Cleaning Painted allow to cool and switch off the electricity clean of to finishes only cooking as they which the bleaches, products containing or cleaners or plastic/painted they the Seasoning the of cooking the cooking of the to cover the evenly. Olive seasoning. seasoning head incorrect incorrect
fitted) The hotplates, and top cleaned using clean, cloth or Please that the cooled to burns. You to the to coating the top too thickly, too to cloth to the and used. cleaners. cleaning or from and the and Season this the of the cloth to the that follow the and the that allow the hotplate to switching the heat. You the hotplates cleaner. cloth only) cloth. cloth Stubborn using cleaner, that the whole to finish. foods and these and the of these as and as as cleaners Cleaning plate fitted) Painted allow to cool and switch off the electricity of when clean- cleaning to the fading. cloth cleaning this greases which of the Plate only To Switch each while (with high This and burn off the coating. To season: Heat the seconds then switch off. amount of cloth or towel, and apply thin of to the off the and heat the to finishes cooking as they which the clean- bleaches, or cleaners.
clean cloth cleaners, such as or cleaning these cloth and with cloth. Stubborn using cleaner. purchased from the Customer the of become noticeable with immediately, to burn- foods and they or the they the Clean with and cloth. with or cloth. cleaners. cloth or cleaner. and with cloth. or as they scratch and the The cleaning the right If there writing the to clearly when the cavity that the the Stop To the the the top and and Warning: the without the correctly fitted. Cleaning Appliance Painted allow to cool and switch off the electricity of when cleaning cleaning to the fading. to finishes cooking as they which the bleaches, products containing or cleaners or they the of toughened This that, the that to the of Please when or cleaning as to the or the without warning or Should strongly that immediately
Please the following service It that the which without the of service should the as the mechanical or breakdown. The and There the There and the with clocks and there when the depressed. If there the electricity supply switched the that the switched another the that the the caused cooler the You when the following: Pre-heat the high food the and cover the food cooking wherever Whenever cook foods higher food the to cool cooking normally when the cooling with food Switch off the electricity supply. the the to the of This allow to
Warning: There of shock, turned off and Not the and type of the and which type Then the to correctly. Please that covered warranty. purchased from the with rated as 25W 300C. of Location (@25W) (@25W) (@25W) Light type the cool, then the shelves. the cover the light and from the of the Unscrew the rear rear the cool, then the shelves. The light the of the cavity. Unscrew the cover anticlockwise). Unscrew the and cover. Instruction the the cool, then the shelves. The light the of the cavity. the back the screws each corner). Unscrew the cover anticlockwise). Unscrew the and cover and back.
that correctly, This Class that through the of this the and easy when this it than If to the or the with to the the or that the and the of the Please wear protective this, and the with beneath within of Please that enough Clearances and the following
This to the of shelf, or should than the top, please this with the instructions. If clearance of to allow the to The cooker clearance of to height of The those around the to to Clearances clearance
The information below to this correctly and The containing the should supply with BS or and as to of required. and and of If the which directly to the or required. If there other burning the BS should to the This of than or bath or shower and should or without first LPG this below ground This which with to of the to ground the Where the edition. to correctly and to prosecution.
The information below to this correctly and UK Regulations to the of the Regulations. Building Regulations issued the DEFRA. Building (Scotland) (Consolidated) issued the Scottish I.E.E. Regulations. Electricity Work Regulations. BS of LP to BS or as and Servicing Instructions this countries other than the UK, the connected with and the of Ireland should to IS Appliances. to correctly and to prosecution.
You from and as follows: the and with the front the and off from the to the front of the the to the Measure from to the back of the and the of the top of the to this the the location of the and the recommended Once shelf. These with and which allow to the height of the The to the front of the cooker, turning them clockwise, or clockwise to the height. The wheels to the of the the screws through the front of the plinth. To the screws clockwise, or anti-clockwise to lower. Plinth plinth cover with with the cooker, the It to the plinth the fitted. The ted with the and the screws partially the Rear plinths from Rear of of top back of
Connecting the electricity Warning: This earthed! This of with Access to the the the of the screw this. should with and earth the wires. then the through the the cover. the to the and the screw the that the cover the locking should to allow the to pulled clear of the become twisted or when the back. Please that the this of the and the Thank or Brown) (Black or Earth or
Connecting to the supply The to the ISO internal thread the top right of the rear. the This should located as to that the hose of that of the should with BS of the to with of than 70C. LP type LP to and 70C The hose should coloured with or If to LPG, purchased. the reference installation sound. G20 G30 G31 Turn supply and soundness the injector. Light and that the correct. Turn the to the allow the to Turn the to the allow the to Commissioning
of II 2H3+* Please specified type. Can from to LP to the that Aeration: G20 G30 G31 supply: 240V Thermostat location: of Countries of GB IE Technical Notes LP
Hotplate 230V Appliance Cooling 9750W 10W 30W Technical Notes Warming heat input 160W rating
Notes
Notes
Should to with (UK and Northern Ireland only), please Customer Service Ireland please the below: the UK and Northern Ireland, please EKM11440CN KN (Irl) of Ireland