Information Brand Purchase and location the located the of the and when the below. toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information: www.electroluxappliances.com Products, Inc. Charlotte, NC USA rights Printed
of information Record and Location of Instructions Supports and and Functions Clock Light the cooking Location of the of Heads and the the Warmer Warmer Operation cooking Broiling Convection Convection Convert Preheat Roasting Information Defrosting Perfect Preferences Preference the Clock of Clock On or of or hours or Continuous or Hour to Factory cleaning the Self-Clean Starting the Self-Clean Cleaning and Cleaning of To and Instructions Light Cleaning Cleaning Grates, and Heads to Warranty information
If the information this exactly, fire or causing property or death. FOR YOUR SAFETY: or or other and the of this or other WHAT TO DO IF YOU SMELL GAS: to light switch; Immediately from neighbors Follow the instructions. If reach the fire and service servicer or the instRuctions Please instructions WARNING To reduce the of fire, shock, or when follow including the following: and using the the and the allow children to with Installation-Be properly and grounded United States with the National ANSI Z223.1 edition, and National ANSI/NFPA edition, and and with CAN/CGA B149.1, and CAN/CGA B149.2 and CSA C22.1 and instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of ServicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the To reduce the of of the the properly with the To the (s) properly, the or and that the (s) to the instructions to with instructions.
or the or of this serious and to the allow children to or around the The weight of child the to serious burns or other injury. when burns. or ApplianceFlammable should near or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or near the and fire or property this as heater to heat or the Doing and overheating of the items of to the the Children the to reach items seriously Children should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE BURNERS, AREAS NEAR THESE BURNERS, HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OR WARMER DRAWER Both and heating though or become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the facing the the and these and Wear or should while the clothing or other Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from the potholders heating or or other cloth instead of potholder. Not Heat Unopened Food ContainersBuild of the to burst and the from to or IMPORTANTDo to the If the the off. If the turned off and the the to Food catch fire or the or warmer or heating the of fire or to off the
the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours connecting to the supply. instRuctions the of the The of of the to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. top the of sealed If top sealed combustion and to allowable This to health. which each of food the turning and turn the off the the to the LITE when top that Then the the of the This with or of Select enough to the The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to the efficiency. Should Turned and Should Not To reduce the of burns, of and to with the The of the should that turned and and greasy that or that Protective to or other of the as recommended as cover the food. other of protective or of shock or fire or of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other service without to the the or other overhead which to with other than when the and tested and laboratory with each other. the The searing the Doing fire. Not Decorative If turned the cover become and possibly the covers touched. to the or the covers overheating. from the and combustion NOTE these instructions reference.
instRuctions or to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The the front the or through the of Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of Racks. location while cool. from the If while potholders and the with both to potholders the or of the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover or warmer with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to Disconnect the or off the to the and light instRuctions Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the instructions cleaning. Cleaners/aerosols follow the that from cleaners and causing and/or self-cleaninG Clean the self-cleaning only the of the this owners self-cleaning the the the The should to or the cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the racks. the self-cleaning The health of to the off the self-clean of to another the california Water and toxic the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE
GRates actiVated BTU BTU BTU BTU
conVection conVection
This with with to precisely of location The each the released through the This the and (NON-SLIDING RACK turning the (when the cool). To the them the each of the interior, as shown below. To the self-clean the to them from the If the the self-clean
and Removing With the its closed the and the once. Slightly the and and to clear the first the and the the the and and them from the to the and cleaning section to clean the racks. To the racks, follow the intructions TOWARD FRONT OF OVEN the and slightly when the hits its the the the the the the each both the when the cool to operating the when the Bracket Bracket the the TOWARD BACK OF OVEN
functions Light Used to turn the light and off. Used to the Used to the Convection Used to the Convection Used to the roasting Used to the Used to the cook Used to function. Perfect Used to the cooking Defrost Used to the Used to the Used to or the cooking Used to or the cooking Used to or the cooking Used to to three Used to light the cooking options Used to cooking Used to the which the cooking Used to the meat Preheat Used to preheat the to the
Used to the Clean Used to the self-cleaning Used to the cooking operation. Warmer Used to the warmer operation. Used to hours self-clean Used to hours self-clean Used to hours self-clean Conv. Convert Used to to Preference Used to the the Used to function the of and to Used to or the Used to Used to and Used to the and Used to the and
Started clock the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the the with The clock when the If of the to to of to the clock to or the displayed. Press to the of to The Press START to the or CANCEL to with of when the clock this to the to function. To the within the without activity the and back To cooking the or the this as as timers, light and the with each cooking the shown the and as the preheat. the reached its sound to to the food the This active with cooking and The cooking which the noted their NOTE: The lowest that 100F. or
includes theater lighting that lights both the and to brightness. The with lights and the with light. The lights when the The light when the closed the light located the The light the lights both the intensity. to the lights and off: Press LIGHT The the and the The only allowed when the turned OFF active). DOOR LOCK the seconds or the finished Once the locked, appear the to the while DOOR LOCK to the and off: CONTROL LOCK seconds. the tiMeR This with which as the that when the It or The of the other functions and cooking to the Press TIMER appear the to or the displayed. Press to the to The Press TIMER to and the countdown. the and the TIMER flash. The clock sound that repeated the TIMER pressed. to the the Press TIMER The to the of Started or
Head locations of the The with The located the as follows BTU located the right BTU located the right front BTU located the front BTU located the rear of heads and the BTU the head the to the while the head the fits correctly head. Head The of the the to clear, and well-lighted Each of should steady and sharply or yellow-orange. To instructions Cleaning each head matching the to the head The each locating which the correctly the head. that the and heads correctly BEFORE each properly and Turn the to light. If the light, Service service the sealed yourself.
cookinG *GOOD and straight Tight of balanced. match the amount of food to and the of of that conducts heat to clean. its Follow instructions. to the or the cooking the highest and then to to the process. the chart below as of The and type of and the amount of food cooked influence the thermometer and the accordingly. If the too cool, the food the and If the too the food that the to too food once as the food neither cook properly. of High foods; to thicken foods *These based medium-weight with when other of the the outer of the higher heat and and increases of the POOR Curved and bottoms. than should bottoms. rotating the There should the and Specialty such as and to the recommended cookware RIGHT WRONG
with of the following cooking when of to and when of food. of that the amount and type of food Select and to the allow to the outer of the with These of the lights from when its turned to the LITE CAUTION items such as and or top of the cooktop when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to To the cooking and the to (LITE) to the the the the the turning that the Turn the to the The to the and the as DO NOT cook with the the (The to the causing the of the manually. To light match to the head, then the to when lighting manually.
the The food cooking and both or other cookware the Doing the finish. With the the the top of the positioning the notches the the to CAUTION the the to the potholders to the from the allow the to cool that withstand high heat; such as countertops. the correctly and to and burns.
the Warmer Warmer the the as shown below. The the upright to allow food items to both and top of the or top of the and the to allow to light weight food items and Upright or and oPeRation To the Warmer The of the warmer to cooked foods with food. It recommended to heat food the warmer food the warmer should covered with or to and cover foods. to cover food. the and to clean. and cookware recommended the warmer the warmer to foods such and and heated to of warmer Select WARMER Press KEEP WARM Press START The and to their sections food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the NOTE The when the self-cleaning or the active. KEEP CHILDREN AWAY FROM THE WARMER WHEN HOT. FAILURE TO DO SO CAN RESULT IN BURNS. when food from the The cookware/plates
This The to heat the and The this cooking The to from 170F to 550F with of 350F. preheat using the preheat, the and the to heat the and the as as If racks, the and Allow to to around the the each other, the or back of the to of racks. Select UPPER Press BAKE Press START The shows PRE-HEATING food the when the and shows that the reached the and the PRE-HEATING and features to cooking both their sections The and Preheat with the food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the to to of Select UPPER Press the HI Press START to the the to Common section of this If or racks, as shown. or LO to to the OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER
with the COOK TIME or END TIME features. the when cooking or and and that easily such as meat or should the first. when they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when cooking completed. Eating food sickness from food cook allows the to to cook of and off automatically. The shown the section of the The off and when the countdown finished. This with Convection Convection Warm, Defrost, Proof, and Perfect cooking It of to cooking 450F Select Press The the Press cook oPtions to the cook options items. Press cook Press START The heating. The cook counting the Press to the or to cooking anytime. allows the to to off of The the The shown the section of the The off and when the countdown finished. This with Convection Convection Warm, Defrost, Clean and cooking This with and to and the right to cooking 450F which 6:00PM) Select Press The the Press cook oPtions to the cook options items. Press cook Press of Press The shown the Press to the or to cooking anytime. OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER
This and to thick. of of meat heat the of the The high heat cooks and appearance. The with this The to from 300F to 550F with of 550F. browning, preheat the the food and cook the Season and the to the turning or the and its when It allows the grease to from the high heat of the DO NOT the without the DO NOT cover the with The grease catch fire. DO NOT the roasting when to of racks. Select UPPER Press BROIL Press START food the Turn food when the top and cook the food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the Table Food Item thick Chops thick thick Should fire the closed and turn off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. and grease fire to and OVEN UPPER
conVection Convection Flow preheat the Convection If already there to reduce If the easily reduce the the Convection Convert Please Convection Convert section further instruction tested with when this With foods as as reduction cook food reductions the amount and type of food to cooked. Convection with or If cooking racks, the and or and cakes) should with or to allow heated to around the food. Food with cook to of racks. pressing UPPER Press BAKE Press START The shows PRE-HEATING food the when the and shows that the reached the and the PRE-HEATING The and Preheat to cooking their sections food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the Convection This of cooking to the when with and racks. slightly increase cook foods the foods cooked cook and with Convection Convection the the and to the heat and continuously within the The this cooking The Convection 300F to 550F with of 350F. OVEN UPPER
The Convection Convert to properly, this to the (reduced) the Convection Convert with Convection cooking It with the features and their sections If with the cook and features, CF food) displayed when of the At this the sound finished. the completely finished the the CANCEL pressed. NOTE To this with the COOK TIME option, the COOK TIME the from to Select UPPER Press BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS The cook options items light Press The 25F than what to Press START to the Convection section informations). PReheat The Preheat the to than preheat and then when to the food the Preheating when roasting or cooking The to preheat with of the cooking Convection and Convection IMPORTANT: The preheat The heat with to preheat 350F Select UPPER Press BAKE Press COOK OPTIONS The cook options items light Press RAPID PREHEAT Press START to the with the preheat food the when the and PRE-HEATING indicating that the reached the OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER
conVection This cooking of and poultry. this when cooking The Convection Roasting the and the Convection roasting the the the and to the heat and continuously within the The this cooking The Convection Roasting 300F to 550F with of 350F. Roasting the and and the roasting The catch grease and the The roasting the meat. the roasting securely seated the the The roasting fits the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase the There to reduce the or to the Convection Convert with this cooking DO NOT the without the or cover the with the to the food. food the roasting to of racks. Select UPPER Press ROAST Press START The and Preheat features to cooking their sections food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the Convection Convection Roasting Chart Meat to to to Poultry whole** to whole** to whole** to to fresh to Shoulder to to Pre-cooked to roasting shield and breast with to browning and of the OVEN UPPER Roasting
This foods cooking finished. The the to the within the The with to its section to the ON when cooking finished. The 150F to 190F with of 170F. with food. the to heat food. Food heat-safe and higher to food repeated of the allow to and the food to cool. to cover food to increase Warmer Follow cooking the Warmer section of this to of only). Select UPPER Press KEEP WARM Press START The and to their sections food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the OVEN or WAMER UPPER
cook This to cook foods slowly, and cooking the as or Crock-Pot. The roasting poultry. the of becoming burnt. This The the to the The this cooking There high (HI) or (LO). The cook the hours the to the Continuous or the activated. cook Completely thaw foods cooking with the the of the to of cooking when cooking food items. the often or the when checking foods. If the heat the to the foods to them or or type to allow foods to turn or brown. the the of the the recommended food and food thermometer to when the food Preheating the when the or the hour of to cook: and food the Select UPPER Press SLOW COOK Press high HI or Press START The and to their sections food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the OVEN UPPER
This foods with heat from the The heat throughout the the to and/or foods such as meats, and This while the heated to The 100F to 225F with of 120F. preheat the Drying the and of the food, the of the the amount and the the food the Treat with to food or information. to of and food. Select UPPER Press DEHYDRATE Press START food. when from the Press CANCEL to or the the to thaw of items such as cakes, and While the the to around the food slowly, the defrosting of the food without heat. to and food the Select UPPER Press DEFROST Press START to the when active. The Duration, and features to Defrost their sections Press CANCEL to or the Defrost This thawing meats, poultry, seafood or other foods that to cooked Follow USDA thawing foods. foods that and without cooking should with this OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER
bRead PRoofinG the dough activating the yeast. This proofing, or dough. The 85F to 100F with of 100F. Tips: to preheat this dough shallow with to of the lowest to the the cavity. Allow least of and of the to heat and lengthening to of and dough the Select pressing UPPER Press BREAD PROOF Press START to the The and features to their sections food. Press CANCEL to or the to while the function active: Select UPPER Press the HI or LO Press START to the with the OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER to to the
PeRfect This the to precisely the cooking of The the and the The with this cooking its section The Perfect 170F to 550F with of 325F. The the 180F. Perfect Thaw the the least hours cooking the the and and the roasting The catch grease and the The roasting the the roasting securely seated the the The roasting fits the allowing the heated to the food cooking and to increase the to Perfect and food the the the and the the section Select UPPER Press PERFECT TURKEY another than the Optional Press PROBE to the PROBE section). Press START food from the when the that the internal reached its Press CANCEL to or the Perfect Perfect Chart Poultry whole* to whole* to whole* to to roasting shield and breast with to and of the OVEN UPPER
foods, roasts and testing the internal the to properly cooked food. The the without to This with Convection Convection and Perfect The 130F to 210F with of 170F. This with the only. the with other to the or the the when and from the food and to the when or the It the Defrost food completely the to or the the when To the of burns, the using the that the the of the thickest of the meat. allow to bone, or bone-in or the the of the lowest or such as meat or the the of the food. cooking the from the the to the backbone. whole the the thickest of the thigh from below and to the the when using the the the food the its outlet the (The outlet located the top of the cavity front of the the cool the the the cooking UPPER BAKE or ROAST to the when the food reaches the Press COOK OPTIONS to the cook options items and PROBE to the to the the or START to the of 170F. The or to or the The the START pressed. At the the PROBE once to the meat or to the the seconds, the back to showing the the food reach the the KEEP WARM CANCEL The high To the this the allow to self-clean, or while the connected. OVEN BAKE UPPER
This to cooking the of Its to of to three cooking with cooking and This with cooking Convection Convection Convection and Proof. with cooking and then the as the with or Convection than cook and every At least cooking operation cooking the the and the displays the only. to Convection Warm) and food. Select UPPER Press MULTI STAGE Press BAKE the prompting to the to Press START flashing the prompting to cook cook the to Press START The the Press BROIL flashing the prompting to the to Press START flashing the prompting to cook cook using the to Press START The the If third START This the cooking and OVEN UPPER
(continued) Press KEEP WARM flashing the prompting to using the to Press START flashing the prompting to cook cook using the to Press START The cooking At the of the the and sound. food. Press CANCEL to or the below further to cooking while (or its the If the the to
The Preferences includes user This to the options of the This features the of or or Hour Clock or No-Clock of or of and the The Preferences when the to through the Preferences Press USER PREF to the Preferences Press USER PREF to through the Press or Press START while the chosen option to Press CANCEL when finished to back to the Preferences items: CLO the clock. CLO Clock on/off. CLO hour of UPO the clock of The clock or hour of section). The clock the factory the hour operation. the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the "CLO The clock the used. to the interrupted, appears and flashes the To the Clock this the below and follow and to the clock Press USER PREF to the CLO Press to the of to The to or the displayed. Press START to the and back to to the options. F-C on/off and hour on/off. rSt to factory or
clock oR off The to the of or The the factory to the of clock and off: Press USER PREF to the CLO Press or to or the clock. Press START to the and back to user of oR houRs The to of hours or hours The the factory to hours or hour of Press USER PREF to the CLO Press or to the of the clock or hours. Press START to the and back to to clock the of The the the factory. first using the to follow and If think the too or too cool, the the that higher or than the recommended The should to of Each individually To the Press USER PREFERENCES to the UPO the the 35F. Press START to the and back to or The
(continued) oR The to or The the factory to to from to or to Press USER PREF to the F-C Press or Press START to the and back to The allows the to operated without sounds or whenever necessary. If the and to operating with the sounds and The of the to the or Press USER PREF to the Press or to the the highest to the lowest OFF to the Press START to the and back to user oR The factory built-in Hour that off the the than hours and The to this hour and Press USER PREF to the Press or Press START to the and back to user to factoRy The to to its factory This includes: the Clock ON/OFF to ON, the clock to to the to to and the Reseting the the to the to its Press USER PREF to the rSt Press or Press START to to factory to the C and F to the and off. to YES
faVoRites The allows to or cooking This the cooking the and the The to three cooking from its internal memory, which easily from These functions with cooking and features. to 450F which currently operation. Select UPPER Press BAKE The appear the Press COOK OPTIONS to the cook options items. Press COOK TIME Press START Press and seconds MY Notice that the the light to recalling only which currently operation. Select UPPER Press MY which currently lighted Press START to overwrite To overwrite cooking and the location or the selected as shown The overwrite the ones. to Select UPPER Press the currently lighted MY to seconds OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER OVEN UPPER
the The HI and LO only with the BAKE The higher or the (the should however the or tones indicating whether the occurred correctly. Once the properly with the active, the continuously ON This the factory 12-Hour If the light the Sabbath, LIGHT activating the Once the light turned ON and the active, the light ON the turned OFF. If the light to OFF, to the light OFF activating the IMPORTANT NOTES: It to to other other than BAKE while the active. the following function the BAKE START CANCEL HI ALL OTHER KEYPADS function once the properly activated. to the to immediately the the food the Select UPPER Press BAKE If to the COOK TIME this If this and to to their section instructions. the using COOK TIME and therefore once the Sabbath/Jewish Press START The ON and heating immediately. Press and both the HI least seconds. appear the and the displays. Once appears the the or further and the properly the to the The and LO OVEN or WARMER UPPER and LO
(continued) the once started. Press UPPER OVEN BAKE the HI UPPER or LO to the and then START TWICE only). that the or further once the the The turned OFF pressing CANCEL (this the OFF only). To turn OFF the and both the HI least seconds. from the Should or the off. the back automatically. SF displayed the The that the and the food from the while the however the back the Sabbath. the OFF the Press and both the HI least seconds. from the and the with further and of with the please the and LO and LO
the self-clean to the following cleaning Precautions Allow the to cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT near the cleaning of the the turned off or CANCEL the cool. DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing DO NOT to the This cooking or and the the self-cleaning: the cavity the self-cleaning To clean, and cloth. or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the and the These heat sufficiently self-clean to burn Clean with the and and These items withstand high cleaning and If they the self-cleaning and appear the indicating that the and the finished and the the and racks. The health of to the off the self-clean of to another Cleaning NOT Clean Clean of the Clean
Cleaning the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT near the they they the DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning to the of the when the to allow or to The HOT. self-clean self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to whisk with cloth. If to the directly self-clean to allow the to cool and the to This normally about to the self-cleaning the and the the clock with the of and the closed. UPPER Press CLEAN Press LITE hour self-clean, or MEDIUM hours, or hours. Press START The DOOR flash. as the the to automatically. Once the the DOOR light flashing and Allow about seconds the to to the self-cleaning Follow the instructions Press COOK OPTIONS to the cook options items. Press END TIME The of the of the of the Press START the self-clean completed: The of and DOOR ON. The while the too to Once the cooled HOUR, and the DOOR displayed, the then or self-cleaning If becomes to or self-cleaning to the Press CANCEL Once the cooled approximately HOUR and the DOOR displayed, the then UPPER OVEN
cleaninG cleaning of cleaning of the turned OFF and the COOL. REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANINGS WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MAJOR CLEANINGS LATER Painted and Parts and Decorative and Chrome Decorative to cleaning and cloth. and built-up grease apply directly the to with cloth and DO NOT cleaners of these they scratch. cleaning the to OFF. Lightly the with cleaner. with cloth or towel. DO NOT cleaners or scouring These permanently the scouring with scouring with of clear and cover with towel to with clean and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. Clean with and dishcloth. with and cloth. with to Cleaners recommended. to the cleaners as bluish heating and and from the the self-clean cleaning. If they the self-clean Clean them as To with and cloth. DO NOT the or clean the The located the of the and when the should to or the To burned-on walls, with household using cloth. Complete cleaning with cloth and scouring necessary. Cleaning
Cleaning HINGE SLOT from the and cleaninG of and cleaning the appearance of Please to the the of the Cleaning section this to and the to the the located each front of to apply the to the the the of the and to the the of the while rotating the top of the the to completely the Proceed to the the the hinge of the instRuctions that the following the the the with or other Scratching, or the its causing increased of
light when the The light turned when the closed using the light switch located the The covered with shield. The shield to cleaned manually or to the light. THIS GLASS SHIELD MUST BE IN PLACE WHENEVER THE OVEN IS IN USE. to the light CAUTION: BE SURE THE IS COOL. Turn the off the Wear leather-faced protection To the shield, the back of the shield the of the to from the The shield should easily front of the light to the the with it and To shield, cleaninG To cleaning the of the with DO NOT cover the with To grease from the from the as as cooking completed. the off grease. the HOT, Clean the as as each If necessary, scouring scratch the Cleaning of shield and light
Cleaning CLEANING CookToP, BURNER GRATES, BURNER and heads The to cleaning the sealed, easy when cleaned immediately. from the they completely cooled and to cleaners the Cleaning the If or the recessed or countered areas, with cloth. with clean, cloth and cleaners the They scratch the Completely cleaners from the or the become heating. Cleaning the The dishwasher and cleaned the dishwasher. the dishwasher. flow and of the allow food, cleaning or other to the The to or the To burns when cleaning the to the whenever the or heads To burns of the following cleaning instructions turning OFF of the and allow them to cool. To burns to the without the shipped with the heads and the locations. using to: Follow instructions from
CLEANING CookToP, BURNER GRATES, BURNER and heads Should to the cleaning the off the head. Clean heavy with cloth. with clean, cloth and immediately thoroughly including the and of the cleaners. They scratch the the dishwasher. the below. the the the seated firmly top of heads. and heating when turned ON and the seated correctly. The the to loosely. Clean with type and thoroughly replacing. heads the from the head. The heads to the and cleaned flow it to the heads and To clean, first DAMP cloth to food from the toothbrush and using cloth. located the or to clean. Should it that with With the head or the of to clear the or head Cleaning head with only)
and the too top or the when cooking to Common cooking pre-heat the when breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting or The cooking and to slightly from and chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded or too heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too frequently. Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the medium-weight Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than recommended. 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to shortest recommended
to Common IMPORTANT service, this It both and This includes that the of workmanship or and CANCEL to clear the and the from the If the the CANCEL and authorized servicer. of the and appear to and to oPeRate the first or when the supply to the interrupted, the flash. The the clock securely connected the and/or connected. Cord with or authorized servicer. Service or authorized servicer. house lights to Short properly. instructions to the House blown or tripped immediately following installation. House and screw or securely. Burned-out or Follow the instructions Light to or the self-cleaninG the closed. the and the from the properly. Follow instructions the Self-Clean cookinG factors hints, and factors cooking the recommended or cooking too lightweight or warped. cookware foods cook evenly. oR fRoM This high or amounts of grease of
to Common Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the and the Preheat searing operation. Meat properly from to curling, the Grease the the with the and the to allow grease to the without or cover with DO NOT the without the or cover the with to cleaned. Grease built cleaning when frequently. Grease or food self-cleaninG coMPleted to from top of of or These the self-cleaning enough to Clean these the self-cleaning started. cleaned with and or to the the self-clean cleaning completely turned to LITE. and the to LITE and then to clogged. Clean Cleaning the Grates, Heads Cleaning section. With the off, clean with or from outlet only). securely the only). manually. this and only aRound clogged. With the off, or cleaning. Lightly the and allow to the thoroughly following instructions the Cleaning section. food heatinG cookware. Select cookware of to Incorrect or amount of heat obtained. oRanGe Allow the to areas, slightly to section this with rough used. flat-bottomed, smooth Selecting this
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the or of built-in and free-standing covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or which to or workmanship when such installed, used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other or in-home service the warranty the first from of purchase. and to repaired the home. including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to caused by: services service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE UNDER THIS LIMITED SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED OR IMPLIED SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS NOT TO THIS WRITTEN GIVES SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without USA Products, Inc., Charlotte, NC Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4