This operating instructions and information the features. OWNER'SGUIDE ESII Cleaning READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Product IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS the or Cleaning Cleaning and/or Lights Performance Service Warranty ELECTRIC RANGE
Product Product The self-addressed PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and to Products. incluye P/N 316080290E. Spanish Products P. O. OH White Consolidated Industries rights Thank choosing this The information contained within this to properly and Please through the information contained to learn about Record and Record the below the and numbers. The found the plate located the with cook tops. of Purchase: This operating instructions and information the features. The graphics shown The graphics exactly those shown. The instructions appearing this to cover every and that Common and when operating and located the
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions of the of these This to that serious death or property This to that and the the and the allow to with Installation--Be properly and grounded technician with the National and installation instructions the this to and authorized service. to the to the the or of emergency. servicing--Do or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should technician, This reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the to with the properly with the To the properly, that rear and the or with warmer the top of the and to to the Instructions installation. or the or of this serious and to the allow children to or around the The of the to serious burns or other the or warmer instructions this these instructions reference. To reduce the of or property or the of Children the to reach items seriously Heating the or Appliance--Flammable should warmer or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or near the Not Children Alone--Children should or the where They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE UNITS, AREAS NEAR THESE UNITS, HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTERIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN. Both and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the cook top, facing the cook top, the and these and Wear or should while using the clothing or other Not Water or Grease Fires--Smother the fire with or or type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too Potholders--Moist or potholders burns from potholders heating or other cloth instead of potholder. Not Heat Unopened Food of to burst and the from to or IMPORTANT--Do to the If the off the If the turned off and the the to Once the the clock and function. items of to the Appliance Warming or
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOK TOP which each heating of food the turning and the off the Size--This with or of Select enough to cover the heating The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to efficiency. Should Turned and Not Units--To reduce the of burns, of and with the the of the should that turned and Units High Heat and greasy that or that Not or Heating Heating should Heating themselves operation. Utensils--Only of earthenware, or other cook top service without to the the cook top foods the FOR COIL COOK TOP MODELS or of these or cooking or to Protective to bowls, or as this of these of shock, or fire. of these of or fire. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or Warmer equipped)--Stand to the of the when the of or or food the Ducts Unobstructed. The located the rear with The located belowthe backguard with cook tops. Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of Racks. location while cool. If while potholders and the with both to potholders the heating the from the the without its The and its allow to and from the high heat of the cover the with and grease Protective to the as recommended this of these of shock, or fire. of these of shock, or fire. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FORCLEANING YOUR RAN Clean the regularlyto free of grease that catch fire. to the each allow grease to cleaners and aerosols--Always follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and injury. Clean Frequently--Grease should allowed to the or Follow instructions cleaning. SELF CLEANING OVENS Clean the self-cleaning the this cleaning the the and or foods from the Not Cleaners--No or protective coating of should or around of the Not Clean should to or the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another
with )FF LO Unit OFF HI MED Select Unit To the cooking the and the to the cooking completed, the off the The light when or turned the light(s) when cooking finished easy to turned off. To Select Unit (If The right of the allows to the Select as would the to high The of the to the Select This allows the to heat than when as This allows to precisely foods. You switch cooking and Select the cooking process. to the MAX and MIN or MED and HI NOTE: The the the MAX and MED. The found the chart below based cooking medium-weight with when other of HIGH (HI foods, to MEDIUM HIGH fry, MEDIUM thicken and MEDIUM LOW foods LOW (LO The and type of used, and the amount and type of food cooked influence the cooking or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the cooking operations higher and then to to The to exactly the as and the as STANDARD SURFACE UNITS of SIMMER SELECT SURFACE UNIT MAX of food, and MIN of food, foods, or items such as and
Location with the located the with cook top the located below the backguard. the released through the This the and ALWAYS ARRANGE OVEN RACKS WHEN THE OVEN IS COOL (PRIOR TO OPERATING THE OVEN). when the To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back To the or To racks, the and Convection with and should and REMOVING REPLACING OVEN RACKS ARRANGING OVEN RACKS WITH RACK POSITIONS OVEN VENT
or Functions READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE OVEN. satisfactory of become with the functions of the as below. to or The to: normally Only) Self-clean START to functions START INDICATOR LIGHT-- Flashes as to the START to the PRE-HEAT LOCK LIGHTS--The "PRE-HEAT" light when the first to or the higher than the The "LOCK" light the (or when the self-clean It constantly the PRE-HEAT LOCK LIGHTS--The "PRE-HEAT" light when the first to or the higher than the The "LOCK" light the (or when the self-clean It constantly the CLOCK PAD Used to the of clock. BAKE TIME PAD-- Used to the of the FEATURE INDICATOR LIGHTS These light to which STOP TIME PAD Used to the Can with BAKE TIME to TIMER ON/OFF PAD Used to The or TEMPERATURE CONTROL KNOB-- the or Self-Clean when with the START when the turned to OFF. TEMPERATURE CONTROL KNOB the or Self-Clean when with the START when the turned to OFF. OVEN INDICATOR START PAD to START INDICATOR LIGHT--Flashes as to the START to the OVEN each the to the UP and DOWN ARROW PADS-- Used with the function to cooking (when of and and self-clean function. OVEN INDICATOR each the to the
the Clock and Only): choosing function, heard each pushed. If the operation. and STOP TIME seconds. seconds, the once. This the from sounding when pushed. To the sound, and STOP TIME seconds heard. The to the To the Clock the first or when the to the interrupted, the Within seconds, and or_ the of To the Clock to increase the and The shows the count Then the count seconds. the the It then The or It as the that when the The or of the other the with other the shown the To other the function that To the while While the active and shows the and or_ to increase or the To the the _LOCK QPRE-HEAT appears the The clock or self-clean to increase the The amount of from to hours and If first, the to hours and to every seconds pushed. OVEN
or The built-in that off the the than hours To or the Normal or The to from 170F to 550F (65C to 287C). To the Normal Turn to the [,_fs_R_. if[,_fs_R_ pushed, the as The heating to the selected the reaches the the To the function, to OFF. To the Started: Turn to the If the 1--Press_ to clock to of then OVEN o
when the the when cooking or and and that easily such as meat or poultry, should the first. when chilled, they should the than hour cooking and should promptly when cooking completed. To the Only) The BAKE TIME and STOP TIME the The the and off the The to immediately and off or to with shutoff. To Immediately with Shut-Off: that the clock shows the of the food the Turn to the the or_ the amount of appears the _-_A_'_" I. If_-_A_'_ pushed, the as and Shut-Off: that the clock shows the of the food the Turn to the the or_ the amount of appears the The earliest flash the or_ the appears the START. Once the the the when to the Once the Theoven and heating to the selected The of the To of the "END" appear the and the off automatically. The every seconds the turned to OFF. To the or Started: Turn to the To the or Stop Started: or Then, the_ or
or The and its allow grease to and from the high heat of the DO NOT the without its DO NOT cover the with The grease To or while cool. Position the as the chart below. From Top Food the the then the food the DO NOT the without the or cover the with The the the the to the when to the The (HI) or (LO). foods the HI Select the LO to or of foods that should cooked to the off the If the fire fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. Clock and foods such as and food turn and cook the Season and the turning or to the food. finished, to OFF. Should fire the closed and OVEN o
or Cleaning the self-cleaning the of the become to the DO NOT the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with Doing heat and to the to the of the DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. DO HAND CLEANDOOR DO NOT HAND CLEAN OVEN DOORGASKET Self-Cleaning self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to with cloth. to the following cleaning Allow the to cool precleaning. Wear when and while the the self-clean DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The of the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing the and and These items withstand high cleaning the or If they through the their slightly and the the and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the the cavity the cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the the the and the the front of the These heat sufficiently to Clean with and HAND CLEAN FRAME
or Cleaning If the to or and then the to CLEAN, the clean when the the self-cleaning to the of the when the to allow or to DO NOT force the This the locking when the the self-cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. To the Self-Clean The to hour self-clean the closed. Turn to CLEAN. If the the "LOCK" light flash, the and clean as the and the closed, the to and the "LOCK" light flash. DO NOT the while the light flashing to about seconds the the Self-Clean Completed The "LOCK" light to Once the cooled about HOURandthe"LOCK"indicator To the Self-Clean The to or hour self-clean hour self-clean light and hour to heavy (to satisfactory the closed. Turn to CLEAN. _'-s_RT-_. appear the (The If hour appear the If the the"LOCK" light and the the and as the and the closed, the to and the "LOCK" light flash. appear and the the cleaning completed or DO NOT the while the light flashing about seconds the to Press_ anytime the self-clean the Self-Clean Completed The of appear the and the light to Once the cooled about HOURandthe"LOCK"indicator or Self-Cleaning or If it becomes or self-cleaning to or fire: Turn to OFF. Once the cooled about HOURandthe"LOCK"indicator light completely (and flashing), the Correct the which caused the the self-cleaning once corrected. light completely (and flashing), the hour clean cleaning light completely (and flashing), the
Cleaning Cleaning of to Clean and cloth. with cloth. Painted and and Decorative Chrome Decorative and Warmer DO HAND CLEAN DOOR DO NOT cleaning of the OFF and the cool. and heavy as as cleanings reduce the cleanings cleaning, and cloth. and built-up grease, apply directly the to with cloth and DO NOT cleaners of these they scratch. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the cleaning the turn to OFF and the To each straight off the Clean and dishcloth. with and dishcloth. with to to from the cloth the when around the or around the to the Cleaners such as of American or products recommended. follow the instructions. to the cleaners as bluish heating and To cleaning, the of both the and the then the scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with clean cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the or the the self-clean cleaning. If clean following instructions. with clean and If the cleaned the self-clean their slightly and the the self-clean and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or (this the the To clean with and cloth. DO NOT the CLEAN FRAME DO NOT the The of cleaning which should to or the
Cleaning the cool or bowls. to when cleaning. Top lowering the top, the with only. to DO NOT or the top when or lowering. This the and and to cleaning the The themselves when they turned Food burn off. Food cool cleaned with cloth--any burn off the the used. To the and the of the from the the and together enough to clear the While holding the and the from the If DO NOT the from the Allow to To Clean or the dishwasher. and while to the about lightly cleanser or of and to of DO NOT cleaners or as they scratch the with clean and with cloth. To and the the through the the the to the the If with the the with the the and the the the with the as shown. the and together as as and the the seated properly the to reduce the of off the To the Top Cleaning the and from the front. the top its the top high enough to allow the to Clean using cloth and To the top, back each to release the notched the top and the top the
Cleaning The heavy. temporary the with the of the facing and/or Lights To and To the screws located the of the the each the to the the both and and off the hinges. To follow the instructions the cleaning chart Cleaning To 13esurethehingearmsarein thequarter-open the hand. The back the and the the the top. the the of the the evenly. The should the corners of the as as they If the with the and the the and COOL the or lights. Wear leather-faced protection To the Light Turn off the or the Head screws that the light cover and then the light off. back and the and light cover and with Head screws To the Light Cleaning On the light when the switch located the to the light. The light located the of the and covered with shield The shield whenever the To the light: Turn off the or the Press to to release the shield. with shield and Turn back the (or the back The clock(if then to To the Clock and this straight off
or Performance The the self-cleaning The the the factory. first using the to follow and If think the too or too cool, the the that higher or than the recommended The should to of To With the to OFF, and seconds Within seconds, the clockwise to The or 35F, 5F the the to OFF. To With the to OFF, and seconds Within seconds, the clockwise to The the amount of offset the The or 35F, 5F the turn the heard. the High (HI) or (LO) Select High (HI) to increase the or (LO) to the START. the amount of offset indicated the lights as follows: flashing "OVEN" light while flashing "LOCK" light offset. The lights once each 5F of If light flashing, the the factory and the offset 0F. If the OVEN light flashing three and then the offset 15F. heard. the High (HI) or (LO) factory and the If the the factory the and holding_ or the amount of offset appears the to OFF.
Service service, this It and The includes that the of OCCURRENCE easily. Appliance service. too or enough. heat. to the Appliance Not this Service and/or light or and/or Lights this instructions. Control(s) properly. Follow instructions to workmanship or this POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION of the of the and and to If or to the appear and clearance. or built too tightly. or to with Incorrect the the to used. Lightweight or warped used. balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than and of the heating. and heat evenly. lightweight heat unevenly, foods easily. Incorrect the the to used. Follow instructions and Bowls" the Cleaning section. tightly Service or authorized servicer. house lights to service. Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat Meat properly prepared. from meat. to curling, and grease the with and to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food
or turning or distorted. continuouslywith lights flashing. (If with F1 or F3 Self-cleaning completely cleaning or from or turning or distorted. with such as tomatoes, allowed to in/on and as as Normal Houses to Protect as as from to of cookware and touches This high enough to the bowls. DO NOT cookware of this type. should matched to the of the purchased from This with of the art its features The constantly its internal as as to they operating correctly. If of these the immediately operation, and continuously (flashing of F1 or F3* the Turn the to OFF, and the to the seconds and the If the and authorized servicer. factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, this Control(s) properly. Follow instructions Self-cleaning interrupted. Follow or Self-Cleaning to clean front top of of or These the self-cleaning enough to Clean these the self-cleaning started. Burned-on cleaned with and or to the self-clean cleaning This high or amounts of grease of If or the self-clean and follow or Cleaning the Cleaning section. with such as allowed to in/on and as as Normal Houses to Protect as as from to of cookware and touches This high enough to the bowls. DO NOT cookware of this type. should matched to the of the purchased from
RANGE WARRANTY protected this warranty FULL ONE-YEAR One year from of this Costs of service callsthat NORMAL WARRANTY purchase appliancewhich or RESPONSIBILITIESOF THE CONSUMER.* workmanship. LIMITED 2ND-5TH through fifth heating and anytransportation and YEARWARRANTY years from (upswept which becauseof service. Smoothtop, purchase only), or smoothtop that cracks to thermal LIMITED WARRANTY of the of the and warranties Costs of the technician's to the and (Applicable to the and the below apply, and of the State of of service. the U.S.A., warranted Products North America, of White Consolidated Industries, Inc. authorize to or to of this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products North America servicer. warranted WCI Inc. *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER EXCLUSIONS IF YOU NEED SERVICE This warranty the of the U.S.A., and Product or specifications as or to without warranties Products North of White Consolidated Industries Inc. warranted WCI Inc. 03-U-RA-01 USA Products North America P.O. GA WARRANTY THROUGH OUR AUTHORIZED SERVICERS, THE CONSUMER WILL BE RESPONSIBLEFOR: PERIOD WE WILL: This warranty only to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded supply of of blown of or house the servicing, such as of shelves,etc., which of the when shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. NOTE: allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products North America or its authorized servicers; of other than Products obtained from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily of or other record. The the establishes the warranty should service required. If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty Products: (English) Products North America L5R 4C2