and instruction
Introduction This and to the British The with Council Directive 90/396/EEC. It the C.E. It that to and the properly the first written this with the thoroughly the cooker. the that who the the with the or to This to cook food. You other It and from the The instructions and where fitted. If the already that instructions If More included to the right and of things. The right shows something the this cooker. C
C Lighting the cooker The The hotplate The cooking chart cooking and cleaning the information What and why? Servicing Instructions Technical Location of Testing C
Lighting the Lighting the The of battery. to the and hotplate To light: the and to the (highest and the immediately. the release the Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. cover the or with as this to fires. To light: the the and it to and the immediately. the release the There first. the to the the showing the C
To off the and to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the cooker the C Lighting the cooker
The The high-speed The instructions below to the heat and to the height of the to the food You should to the food regularly. You should the to food as to cook the food. Heat The heat The to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. The high should cooking such as toast. the to cook thicker food such as the high cover the or with as this to fires. the that the of the fits the the shelf. food should cooked the the The turned to thicknesses of food. You straight to the shelf. This useful when the top of food such as C
Preheating You to preheat the You to preheat it of when cooking or when food. Positioning food the food such as toast, teacakes and the of the food which heat such as and the of the meat, meat products and to their thickness and them cooked. C
otplate The hotplate Heat The hotplate to the from 'OFF' to 'HIGH' and then to 'LOW'. You the heat turning the the highest and lowest These shown as and The hotplate three to of food such as chips. (Normal) food such as and stews. The which should The of the should than C
otplate to burns and when reaching the with bases. They than which warped. with heavy which the to the of the burners. they when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. the to If using as the If round based with the of the type. closed the performance of the the that the the follow the instructions that with the C
otplate the of If the round the of the wasting heat the amount of Cover with whenever The food heat and there the cooking than the and This they cook quickly. and C hints
o The the should it with cloth to Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods the If cooking than of items, or the cooking or the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to Preheating You to preheat the when and Preheat the or when cooking food such as Yorkshire and yeast cooking or reheating or food the instructions the to preheat the You the shelves of counted from the top the If to completely as as the front and To the the front the to the the front and the C
o and the that which If or which than this, to around the of the shelf. You to items around Roasting roasting or to It to cover meat or or food when roasting as this restricts the of heat and to cooktimes. If using roasting or cover breast with to allow each cooking items such as the of to the breast becoming the of the cooked. C cooking dishes, and the This the as as the and possibly the covering the cooker. of and the of the the heat properly. too back as food burn the
o the This and nothing to about. The when heat and to that food which of covered. If straight C
cooking chart If than of items, or the around cooking or the top of the when the food cooked and the to the higher to These instructions cooking the pre-heated least shelves to allow heat to You the and cooking to It to that food The recommended the the the of the shelf. cooking chart C and and and cooking Shelf Food Roasting and and and and and Thoroughly thaw cooking them.
and and and cooking Shelf Food or below and Poultry: C The when roasting. If the food with or should allow Thoroughly thaw cooking them. cooking each as including stuffing. hours hours hours hour Yorkshire Christmas cake cakes cooking chart
cooking chart cooking Shelf Food Mince Plate (shortcrust) (shortcrust) C To the cook or and to cook. and Yeast custards cook reducing to the of the cook You beans then them them to
cooking The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat You to cook food the to the cook This that the of the food enough to the food foods such as and cooking the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally brown. Food cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing least hours. cook of using meat thermometer, that the the least o C. the roasting or Thaw meat and cook of meat from off and first. then reduce to the cook C
Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or beans then to meat then reduce to the cook the with and to and the the then reduce to the cook cooking foods Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat cornflour with and the of the food there the of the cooking slightly as there and products, these the of cooking to them from curdling. C
Reheating Cool food and then the reheat food the cook Reheat food the or microwave. reheat food once. C
C and cleaning and reasons this clean. of or other fire. to and splashes as as they as of the polishes, cleaners, or those recommended this Please If with and other cleaning If dishwasher please the operating instructions the of cooker. Clean cloth that and cloth. of cleaning them whilst they as this the of the The hotplate Clean the hotplate top using such as to the If the the light. You the and crowns to clean them. to the If food cooking the another to Then the and them the 'burns You the You that the and the and the crown with food or cleaning Clean the crowns them You scouring with such as C
C If the crowns this they reasonably clean. the with based the To the the with such as cleaning the them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to to force the crown to the that the the crown centrally the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown centrally the top of crown and front to back to the properly. If light then to the crown and The Clean the around the using the and then using or such as The and cleaning. Clean with necessary. to them both the and as shown the C
C The The top, and back of coated which to clean. Follow these to the appearance of the finish. or they too high the If they to the roasting with This roasting which enough the meat and This to reduce that to If they there Follow the cleaning regularly. C
C cleaning You to follow the to the of the The type of cooking often to follow the If of roasting and other should follow the cleaning once If roasting only to follow the cleaning every To cleaning the shelves. the to least Turn the to hours or the clean. cleaning or the of the the finish. Clean the of the the shelves and the while they slightly This easily splashes and the with cloth that You C
the This and serviced as stated the regulations editions. It that the supply. should the that fitted. Location The of cooking the of heat and the which that the ventilated: or mechanical (mechanical Prolonged of the of or effective increasing the of mechanical where further C
Positioning The shows to the shelves, and fitted. to the and the instructions to cooker If which catch fire or the which higher than the hotplate If to the instructions. that to or the British height: to four screw Width: Depth: (to front of C
tion information of the of the with Don't items which catch fire or leads such as of the Moving You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each corner. The The the usually months. If the to the battery. The located the front of the the to to the the and the as shown the AA battery. the of the You light the with match to the battery. C
tion The below the trays, cake and anything this which catch fire. the You the around that the other this. C
What and why? strongly that the following Service The or hotplate light. If hear or the when the enough to light the You to the battery. instructions to this You light the with match to the battery. that there with supply. You this that other such as heating or fire If only the hotplate light, that the properly. instructions Food cooking too or too slowly. that the and to the or to the The cooking that the properly and that using the recommended and shelf If or which than the recommend, to round If cooking item to round C
cleaning of the that following the instructions and cleaning C
Servicing Servicing to the yourself. This It to or the that service service through the 'What and information and If there should routed to the Service covering the cooker to serviced. You service and from If the of the to the of the and which the of this information this The Consumers' Council The Consumers' Council (GCC) which protects the interests of users. If the telephone telephone directory C
INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS and L.P. of this that this the type of the of this and/or serviced as stated the and Regulations Editions. C the top of
TECHNICAL DATA DIMENSIONS Height (from to front of Height to hotplate 'Location of the Appliance' fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate each of from of CONNECTIONS Rear of hotplate B.S.P. IGNITION APCO 6BG6893 Battery AA GRILL L.P. Heat C
HOTLAT R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F Heat L. P. R.H.F. R.H.R. L.H.R. L.H.F. Heat OVEN P. Heat 'H' GSD 'H' GSD Thermostat 'H' 1100126/B2 'H' 1100127/B2 Thermostat GENERAL H.T. H.T. IMPORTANT SAFETY REQUIREMENTS This with the and Regulations Editions. the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and BS.6891. British Editions'. PROVISION FOR VENTILATION This connected to combustion products It and connected with the regulations. to the The containing the should supply with BS. Edition. or and as to of required: and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where C
LOCATION OF APPLIANCE This bed-sitting of than or bathroom or shower It that the as stated below. The of from the rear that this the Shelves, and than to the top of the or within of the of the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of the and the of the The hotplate to of the that the to the height to hotplate of the of from the L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other INSTALLATION PARTS REQUIRED The hotplate the the top of the hotplate. The fixing screws and splashplate fixing screws found the which located the The assembly GRILL ASSEMBLY The splashplate screws should screwed the back of the about the the splashback the screws to the H.T. Tighten off splashplate screws the supply the back of the and the H.T. through the the splashplate. through the the top right of the splashplate and to the C Assembly: and screws H.T. to
LEVELLING THE APPLIANCE the front and the of the to rotating or the from the of the should of the shelves to that the correctly FITTING THE STABILITY BRACKET It that the to with supply (SK.4729.A) and from These instructions should with the with the the its and off from the of the as shown 'A'), This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown C
CONNECTING TO GAS This to with only. should than R/8 B.S.P.). to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the connecting the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. The hose caught the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS. CURRENT EDITION. L.P.G. FLEXIBLE CONNECTIONS MUST BE OF TYPE SUITABLE FOR L.P.G. AND CAPABLE OF OPERATION UP TO 50MBAR AND TO CARRY RED STRIPE, BAND OR LABEL. NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS CAN BE USED IN THREADED GAS CONNECTIONS. DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. TAPE. FITTING THE BATTERY The located the front of the to to the From the the and the as indicated the the of PRESSURE TESTING The as the the from each and front cover. back the right of the the from the right of the and the off the injector whilst easing the front of the to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and light the The should The to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D. correctly located the the operation of C
CHECKING THE GRILL the protective from the shelf. the to the splashplate. the containing the to the shelf. Light the turning the to its' and the as the the released. CHECKING THE HOTPLATE the crowns, and that they correctly seated. each of the hotplate turning each hotplate to its and the as the the released. CHECKING THE MAIN OVEN Turn the thermostat to and the as the alight the released. There should to the which the F.S.D. by-pass the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D. which allows the supply to the the to the and that about the reduced. Turn off the and that the GENERAL NOTE the to the and its the to the the cover which the of the C
C LYRIC
The of this OFF DESCRIPTION shelves P.C. Hotplate wire) screw crowns Battery
This the printed. this the or appearance as the Normal Crown N.G. Crown L.P.G. Crown Normal Crown NOTE to BSI of the Customer P.O. Newbury, RG14 5XL Telephone: