INSTRUCTION BOOK GB FM
New Appliance Thank purchasing AEG To to efficiently and please this instruction or using the and reference. Should the to please this instruction with the that the to the functions of the and the If further or please Customer or telephone: to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
the Information Product Protect the Clean the to the Choice of and of Cleaning and What to Service and
the Unpacking Technical Mounting to the operating instructions information The products continuously and that this instruction printed. therefore to reservation or and information
The only. If other there of Children when the when and the turned off. or with the to that the and covers rectly the tops. the when frying or or other easily ignited cloths, or other easily ignited to the or to or burn. with and that the off when Information Cleaning and that the the and the turned off the heat. and reasons the clean. Grease splashes and food off heated and the fire. Service Service and service or service used. Unpacking the of such that the
of the cooker authorised or and heating the Work to or to ty, and the the electricity pinched. when of the the from the and off the to the
front Product
to shock and however and that the cooking The of o and which matches to light If the the off the supply.
Protect the the the first off factory such as or the protective coating using This to the and burning too This what the burn- and cover. of cleaning of and the whole Polish the with clean cloth Clean the the covers and and
cracked Water and/or cleaning the Switch off the to the and Service. the when or or other easily ignited cloths, or other easily ignited the of the or to or burn. of fire, off and switch off Extinguish the fire with fire or cloth. Scrape from the immediately, necessary. of and foods and the to
the and tioned correctly the top. combustion the and tioned correctly the If the and off-centre, the incorrectly and the of The the follow- Press the the the while turn- to the to the seconds. Then release and turn the to the Right
While the This the which lights the without to matches. If tion light the with matches. Choice of of cooking and used. of The to cook with the of the cooking recommended recommended You that using the right the At the should the of the The should the of the
and of Follow the below to and clean- The match the burn- At the the of the the Not using the three as the the cooking light the as as enough to the item cooked wherever the with Bring to the the and to the lowest when steadily from the cooking from when the heat. the the cooking Turn the heat the Select the the and as as without the off the Defrost food the You cooking the rather than the
Cleaning and and the clean. Grease splashes and food off when heated and the to fire. cleaning with wrung-out cloth. cloth or together with or cleaner. cleaning scouring or other or cleaning Immediately off and of sugar-rich food and from the If the allowed to cool splashes with the cooled cleaning Follow the instructions the the clean with cloth or with the cleaning of off cleaning with cloth. If necessary, off with cloth. the heating when heated
Clean the covers and and cleaning or other clean- Clean and cleaning or other clean- tops If food the top, this lighting the burn- top with lint-free cloth. cleaning or other clean-
that the and from which to the within of of the On the rating plate which the back of the the CE and the the the front of this tion easily the of service. of recycled. authority know where to of the
This and with the Appliance Directive (90/396/EEC, Directive (73/23/EEC) and the EMC Directive (89/336/EEC as authority: FM Product Width: Depth: Width: Depth: Rear Bottled as the and GB: II2H3+ Technical (LPG) FM G20-20 Conversion (LPG) enclosed. VA CE 048BN-0041
This with the and Regulations Edition) and the IEE Regulations Edition). the following British B.S. B.S. and B.S. Editions. The should with of than If of than of effective of required. If of and of effective of required, while the required. the which directly to the the and If there other burning ances the B.S. Edition, should to the This to the British CORGI The should the instructions or of the other instructions incorporated this
authorised and heating or autho- the Work fied to and/or to property, and the This CE-approved and with the Appliance Directive (90/396/EEC, Directive (73/23/EEC) and the EMC Directive (89/336/EEC as with the Regulations (GR). to the technical of this testing, the tested to of
type HO5 VV-F comply with the The connected switch with of least the switch). PE L2 L1
The type of with thickness of to beneath the top least thick. mounting this the instructions this and the follow- mounting this tion with other this the instructions the section Mounting than mounting this screw and the four to from from Mounting
to to the there should least the of the the and the the of the Technical the to scratch the top Mount the the the of the the the and the to the with screwdriver. Mounted
Mounting than to The of the selected the following Depth: Width: the of from the of of of of the to Wall: to to beam to
mounting together each as as the with the of the the top the that the top scratched. Mount the the the of the the first the Apply to the corners the the with the as this to the high of the the Apply the forcement beam Tighten the to the top screwdriver. the the other
To the the the grouted with the from the Apply of to the the the supplied, as to the high Splash the Press the the and from back to front the to the coating from the with the supplied. to the the the Polish the with the cleaning
of the of the with cooking with Induction with cooking with cooking with with cooking with Induction with cooking
If the correctly, please the following contacting AEG Service Force IMPORTANT: If to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The The isnt burning properly....... The isnt the released, the customers should that the as the charge the or that to of purchase service What to that the switched the HPFI/HFI relay the the the whether the turned whether the bottle empty. that the and cover correctly positioned. the section to the the HFI relay and the the and seconds.
Service and the of service, or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk should that the recommended the heading What to as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and This information found the rating
Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG High Street Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged.
This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK