Instructions Warmer Informations Cleaning You to Common Warranty C
(United States) Please reference. rights Congratulations Congratulations purchase of At Products, of and completely to with the service priority. know and Thank You choosing purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instructions and information the features. The graphics shown The graphics exactly those shown. These instructions to cover every and that Common and when operating and Please and below reference. Purchase Product Product The PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and to Products. Plate Location
instructions this these instructions reference. This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions of these This to that serious death or property This to that or property SLIDE-IN MODELS ONLY to with tion tions. and using the the and the allow to with InstallationBe and grounded the United States with National ANSI/NFPA and and with CSA C22.1 PART and only instructions the this to technician and authorized service. to the to the the or of ServicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the Instructions To reduce the of of the the properly with the To the (s) properly, the or and that the (s) to the instructions or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of child the to serious burns or other when burns. the or warmer or ApplianceFlammable should or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the ance. and fire or property items of to children the the Children the to reach items seriously children Children should or the where They should to or of the DROP-IN MODELS ONLY To reduce the of of the the properly screws with the To the screws properly, the and that the screws to the instructions screw installation. to with tion tions.
DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE UNITS, AREAS NEAR THESE UNITS, OVEN HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTE- RIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN OR WARMER DRAWER Both and heating though they become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the facing the the and these and Wear or should while using the ance. clothing or other or heating the Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from the potholders heating or or other cloth instead of Not Heat Unopened Food ContainersBuild of the to burst and the from to or IMPORTANTDo to the If the the off. If the turned off and the the to Food catch fire or the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours connecting to the supply. Instructions IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOKTOP which each heating This with or of Select enough to cover the The of of the heating to and of clothing. relationship of to the efficiency. Should Turned and Should Not Units To reduce the of burns, of and to with the The of the should that turned and Units and greasy that or that Protective to or other of the as recommended as cover the food. other of protective or of shock or fire or of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other service without to the the Not Decorative If the cover become and possibly the covers touched. to the FOR GLASS COOKTOPS ONLY Not Clean or If should cleaning and the and of shock. immediately. Clean with If or cloth to cooking to burn. cleaners to
scratching the with IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or Warmer to the of the when the of or or food the warmer Ducts Unobstructed. The the front the Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat- items or the These items or of equipped) Racks. location while cool. from the If while potholders and the with both to potholders the or of the the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the the or warmer with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to the or off the to the and light IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR RANGE Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the tions cleaning. Cleaners/aerosols follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and/or injury. Instructions SELF-CLEANING OVENS: Clean the self-cleaning only the of the this owner's self-cleaning the the and the the The should to or the racks. the self-cleaning cleaners. cleaner or protective coating of should or around of the racks. the self-cleaning The health of to the off the self-clean of to another SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
with NOTE: shown this owner's typical the the and the to The light when or turned the off the The and type of used, and the amount and type of food cooked influence the cooking of HI (MAX) foods, to (MED) thicken and (MED-LOW) food LO (MIN) The found the chart based cooking thickness with when other of items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the
with C that heat. of these shown NOTE Please instructions cleaning the Cleaning section and You section of this and NOTE that allows the to and off, the HI This to to the smooth top. the HI and the cookware too the or the cookware to Selecting NOTE to the high of heat the the when the turned off. This phenomenon and the back to its white completely cooled (White only). About the The located below the of the The of the the of the the of the matches the of the the Heat through the of the to the cookware. cookware should used. The type and of cookware, the of and their factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns.
with (continued) with the chart to the the of food The to and of foods such as and The foods and or The and type of cookware influence the Recommended Bridge and of HIGH foods, to MEDIUM HIGH MEDIUM thicken and MEDIUM LOW foods LOW appear to cooled they off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off.
with with Only) The location as shown to To the correctly cookware the and the to the Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. recommended Right Rear and front C Right Rear and front
with the with Only) with B, C, with located the right front to the to which of the heat. The that only the heat The that both and outer heat You switch from To the correctly cookware the and the counterclockwise cookware or clockwise cookware. Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to Each amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF.
On/Off Warming On/Off
Warmer (If To the Warmer The and lights the Warmer located the The and HI (high), MED and LO the Warmer The Warmer light flash. Touch the If further touched within seconds the to the Warmer ON clear. the Touch once to ON the HI or to ON the LO The Warmer light located the ON steady. or increase through from HI to MED of the or to LO preheat the Warmer the food preheat approximately the food ready the once to the Warmer OFF. The Warmer light OFF. The Warmer inoperable the self-clean The warmer with which force when and closing the
cooking heat the cookies, breads, cakes, or There to preheat the roasting meat or The cooking and to slightly from previously and the too top or the when cooking Informations and Chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded. heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too overcrowded. too frequently. Corrections Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the medium-weight Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to shortest recommended
Cleaning Parts of cleaning of the turned OFF and the COOL. REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND HEAVY SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANING WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MAJOR CLEANING LATER. Painted and and Decorative and Decorative and and and Warmer and Cleaning to Clean and cloth. with cloth. cloth, clean with and or of and Follow the with and with cloth. cleaners cloth first. DO NOT directly the and amounts of the the to the other cleaners, cleaners, scouring or they the finish. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the Clean with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaners with high of or cleaners. cleaners that cleaning to the cleaners from the as bluish heating that and to cleaning the The themselves when they turned Food burn off. Food cleaned with cloth off the used. NEVER IMMERSE SURFACE ELEMENT IN WATER To and bowls, follow the instructions Cleaning To bowls, or the dishwasher. and while Hard-to-remove, burned-on the about slightly cleanser or of and DO NOT cleanser or as they scratch the with clean and and with cloth. To and follow the instructions Cleaning scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the (Cleaning Chart)
with Cleaning and cleaning to to using the first apply the recommended CERAMA BRYTE Cleaning to the Clean and with cloth or This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and cleaning the the turned to OFF and the COOL. DO NOT The to health, and chemically the Cleaning the light to Apply of CERAMA BRYTE Cleaning directly to the or Scratch to clean the the cleaned thoroughly, the to the other the as Then, with holding to the with cleaning and clean. to the other than Scratch or foods with high These of immediately or the (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the (as trated). Allow the to cool, and the heavy or Cleaning or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning become to or with rough or scratch the or the as board or the cook foods directly the without heavy or the or they crack
Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the self-clean the cool and that OFF Cleaning the when the the To and the this Empty the including the racks. You the and the Clean thoroughly with and cloth and with cloth. To burned-on with household cloth. Follow cleaning the when Complete cleaning with cloth and scouring necessary. The cleaning the
Cleaning (Continued) Cleaning the Self-Clean to the following cleaning Allow the to cool cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. the self-clean the of the become to the DO NOT the The health of to the off the self-cleaning of to another cleaning of the the turned off or CANCEL the cool. DO NOT cleaners or protective coatings or around art of the self-cleaning DO NOT the The the should to or the DO NOT cooking or and the self-cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduce to fin which with cloth. Clean What to Cleaning While the operation, the heats to higher than those Sounds of and as the food appear through the located the top of the If heavy wiped cleaning, they and and than This and and should If the self-cleaning NOTE: the of the the Self-Clean the of the to or Cleaning the Self-Cleaning the cavity the cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as tomatoes, or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the and the These heat sufficiently self-cleaning to Clean with and the and and These items withstand high cleaning the or If they through the their slightly the completed and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of or This the Clean Clean Seal
HINGE SLOT from the To the Cover to the cover, the back with about inch and the cover with both the cover, to the to the back of the and the shoulder screws. Then the front of the cover its below the front To to the cover, the following the instructions IMPORTANT: the cover the Light the and COOL the light the light the self-cleaning High reduce life. On light when the The light turned when the closed the light switch located the On the covered with shield THIS GLASS SHIELD MUST BE IN PLACE WHENEVER THE OVEN IS IN USE. To the light CAUTION: BE SURE OVEN IS COOL Turn the off the Wear leather-faced protection with only. self-cleaning to to release shield, and to shield. Cleaning and the The temporary the with the of the facing To the to the the located both and the You to apply the to the the the the and the of the and to the the of the while rotating the top of the the to completely the To follow the instructions the Cleaning To the the the the the to the the from the both the the the Instructions that the following the the the with or other Scratching, or the its causing increased of
To and Warmer To Warmer Turn off the warmer the to the the both of the warmer the and the right latch. the from the To warmer with scouring this with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the with with To Warmer the to the the both of the warmer the and the right latch. the from the To warmer with scouring this with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the To Warmer the both of the with the the the back the the cooking The to cleaning the when the Removing and To the to the the and the To the the rear of the the the the the then to allow the to clear the and instructions to the to the Cleaning Latch with To Warmer the both of the with the the the back the Right Shock and serious or death. from cleaning and servicing the warmer
service this It and The includes that the of workmanship or this You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or what appears to reason to service nothing than easily or operating characteristic of This to of of the items apply to OCCURRENCE easily. Appliance service. or and light heat. too or enough. or turning or of Scratches or to Common POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION installation. of the of the appear of and to or appear to and clearance. or built too tight. to the or to Carpeting with tightly Service Check house lights to service. This with of the art the The constantly the internal as as to they operating correctly. If of these the immediately the and continuously (flashing the Press STOP/CLEAR to clear the and the If Press STOP/CLEAR and authorized servicer. or Light this owners instructions. to the or Not this Incorrect the the to used. Incorrect the the to used. Lightweight or warped used. balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than and of the heating. Heavy-and heat lightweight heat foods burn easily. with such as to in/on and as as Normal Houses to Protect as as from to of cookware and touches This high enough to the bowls. DO NOT cookware of this type. should matched to the of the purchased from Coarse such as or and scratches. and of scratches cooking and become with Cleaning used. Cleaning section with rough used. smooth, cookware.
OCCURRENCE POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION or of with cooking operation. or from Self-cleaning completely self-cleaning Transportation to If to into/out of or when to that the following Screw the the the and other from the and from the to the and the to the the the two-wheeled trolley with and the to the with heavy to scratches and or the when the to Common or of cleaning to the Cleaning section cooked to Cleaning section from and food. cleaning cookware with clean, bottoms. factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the cooling and off to internal It and the to off. self-clean cleaning This or amounts of grease the the self-clean If or the self-clean and follow the or the Self-Cleaning the to Stop Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat Preheat and grease the with and to allow grease to Grease built cleaning when frequently. grease or food Self-cleaning interrupted. Follow or the Cleaning the Control(s) properly. Follow instructions the to front, top or or These the self-cleaning enough to burn Clean these the self-cleaning started. Burned-on cleaned with and or to the
covered year warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased "as-is" covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE PRODUCT REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or below. This warranty only the USA and the USA, warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or specifications as or to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4