SG306
information These the interests of that them or the of If about of the information this the Customer The to the instructions supplied. The as stated the Regulations editions and the IEE Regulations. the of Ireland please to NSAI IS813 Editions. The should serviced authorised Service and should used. It that the supply. should the rating that fitted. The If the to base, to the from from the base. This heavy and when to or this the both and the the used. It to the specifications or the please of the with and the authority this. Child allow children to with of the allow to or the This children and other whose physical, or or of and knowledge them from the without or instruction to that they the Children should to that they with the CAUTION: when the Young children should This to operated of or This to cook and other when heating and as they they become too lighting that the turning off the the
(NG only) the when as become (NG only) to and the when the when the or to and food the cooking enough to foods to and the becomes should to touching the heating the that to of the cavity. of the with back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. the when the sealed or the They they heated. that the OFF when the or the towels, dishcloths or clothes from the or its this with with Cleaning and and reasons this should build-up of or other fire the cookware containing or the switched the from the supply the supply as the section. If this the the who the allow the to cool switching off the to carrying cleaning/ this with the instructions this or high cleaners to the At the of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
the information of the to the plate to and and The the To light the To off Things to The the Things to The and chart The Heat Preheating To the shelves the chart Roasting chart Food and cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the of the Cleaning the and Cleaning the hotplate Cleaning the shelves and Cleaning the Cleaning the Something Service and the Technical Moving Location of the Connecting to the The Testing To the following found the and Instructions Please the instruction and reference.
of the
to know The Hotplate C Hotplate switch
the This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (where The protected rated or The rating of the the rating the rating from the as this the to the of the with cloth and and the that the and to off from their become than Children should this emitted, therefore to and food heated to The allow of this to back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and caused the To and from coverings the of the should securely to the than as they the of heat and performance. and The following items of and with the If of of the items below please Service Force the (LPG only) If this from Service Force
(NG only) straight straight shelves
The the The to of To efficiency only and with to the used. food such as chips. (Normal) foods such as and stews. The which should The of the should than the correctly the To light the The of battery. and the to the (highest and the immediately. the to seconds, than seconds. this release the The should alight. If seconds the operating the and least further of the the release the and the as required.
Warning: If the immediately of the to spread. To turn off Turn the to the off This shown lighting that the turning off the leaving the the of the extinguished, off the and to the least Things to If lighting the off and the correctly. and or they with heavy which the to the of the the or the and off the them the the or The should and the washed and as as the and cool enough to based the If round with the the type otherwise the performance of the affected. to burns and when reaching the when cover the with If the catches fire, where and off cloth or the to smother the the fire. to cool
The CAUTION when the children should first the hear sounds as the heats this and the the the the and to the (highest and the immediately. the release the and the as required. The when Things to from splashes as the cleans cover the or with as this to fires.
The and (LPG only) The with To the the the the that the plate the top of the the to the and the the the correctly located. It to the the the that the centrally beneath the To the the to the right and the from the the The and (NG only) The To the the the with the and slightly upwards the the of the the the and release the the properly located.
To the the the with the and the slightly upwards and the right to from the Protect when the the To the of the food the should the shelf to to food and foods should the the to allow of to the food of the and the and to allow thicknesses of food. Food should thoroughly to and lightly with or to them such as and the when toasting the with the the high Preheat the or the heat and the as The food should turned cooking as required.
chart The as and should to Food Rashers Chops and Whole Trout/Mackerel Plaice/Cod to thicknesses of Toasted food
The Heat There of heat within the The the the chosen. The top of the slightly and the slightly cooler. The of the cooler. You of these heat when cooking foods the If cooking than of items, cakes or the cooking or the top when the food cooked and the to the higher shelf to Preheating to preheat the high achieved the preheated first. when cooking or cooked ready preheat the first. To the shelves The shelves should with the straight the and the the back of the If correctly the and affected. the the the and to Press the immediately. the release the button. There first. Turn the to the the showing the To the off, the and to the off This shown and the shelves the switching the Shelf numbered from the top that food centrally the shelf and there around the tray/dish to allow
too back as food the the to the and to reduce cleaning. The and of the and browning. Enamelware, heavy or increase browning. or polished the heat and browning. cooking than the centrally shelves rather than shelf, this allow the heat to freely the cooking If cooking than of items, or the cooking or the top when the food cooked and the to the higher to directly the as with the and to the cookware and cooking with rough the as to the
chart The as only. It to increase or the to and Christmas Meringues Shortbread Follow instructions Topped) Pastry: Choux Profiteroles Flaky/Puff Shortcrust Mince Meat Roasting Meat, Poultry roasting chart Shepherds Yorkshire cook then reduce to the cook Shelf counted from the top of the To the cook or Approx Food Shelf
Roasting chart INTERNAL TEMPERATURES 50-60C; 60-70C; 70-80C MEAT COOKING TIME GAS MARK and and and and to then and and and The roasting and the chart should to allow and the and of the meat. and cooking recommended or the cooking
cook The cook heat the It when cooking and the cooking cheaper, tougher of meat foods such as and cooking the too food cooking to from You food the hour normally cook You to cook food the to the cook This that the of the food enough to the food Food cooking of meat and cook meat cook the of the or stuffing separately. least hours.
cook of meat thermometer, that the the least 88C. roasting or Thaw meat and cook of meat from and first. Soups, and cook Bring to the the hotplate then cook cook. the of the or Cover food with tight or then to food with tight or the with and to and the the Thaw thoroughly Thickening meat Alternatively cornflour with and the of the food because there the of the cooking slightly as there and products, the of cooking to them from curdling. Reheating Cool food and then the reheat food using the cook Reheat food the or microwave. reheat food once.
and cleaning cleaning allow the to cool Cleaning using cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. Cleaning the of the cleaning Brite, Brillo or painted or finishes as the and cloth and To with cloth. cleaners and should as they the the off immediately. to of the from the as this and Cleaning the and It strongly recommended that cleaning the and ANY OTHER CLEANING MATERIALS MAY DULL THE SURFACE FINISH.
Cleaning the Clean the hotplate top using to the If the the light. You the and crowns to them. to the Clean the crowns and them based the You scouring with If the crowns and this they reasonably clean. the with cleaning the them thoroughly them back. hotplate Crown to try to force the crown to the that the the crown the that the location the the the crown this freely to the that the crown slightly from to to crown. centrally the top of crown and front to back to the properly fitted. ignition. If light then to the crown and
Cleaning the shelves and the dishwasher. The and shelves cleaned first cleaning Cleaning the clean the Cleaning the the the to become from operating correctly. to the of the through of This and the Clean the around the Cleaning the The and cleaned cleaners with that the instructions and that cleaners with or painted finishes as this
Something to the yourself, as this that service Please the following Service It that the that without the of service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service The and that the correctly and The cooking that the recommended and used. to the or slightly to the The too high or too the correctly. The replacing. The light. that there with supply. You this the other such as heating or fires The replacing. If the Allow the to cool of hours. The should normally. that the recommended and used. to the section. that there with supply. You this the other such as heating or fires
Something The orange/yellow. The or partially lighting. The sounds It the to as the through the and reduce as they heat The sound. It the to when this to and when heating and cooling to the of the the appear to orange/yellow of the this that the and that food or cleaning the This with cloth and cleaned with toothbrush This when the alight and the performance of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- O870 telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the the heading "Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which
Technical Width: Depth: (to front of fixing hotplate clearance fixing hotplate Location of hotplate (If to the instructions). from Rear hand of hotplate B.S.P. Battery AA Hotplate Heat input R.H.F R.H.R L.H.R L.H.F. L.P. Heat input
L.P. Heat Heat input Thermostat (H.T. countries of CAT. 2H GB, IE CAT. GB, IE This with: Council Directives Directive 73/23/EEC, Directive 90/396/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC, CE Directive 93/68/EEC
instructions Where and L.P of this that this the type of supply This and/or serviced with the and Regulations Editions and the I.E.E. Regulations. the of Ireland please to NSAI IS813 Current Editions and the ETCI Installations. the of Ireland Declaration of Conformity issued the (IS813 Editions D.1). the following British of BS.6172, BS.5440: and B.S.6891. British Editions. This (CORGI impaired with these instructions. connecting the that the of electricity supply the as that indicated the rating This the front of the and the Alternatively the rating found the back or top of (where the of this This connected to combustion products It and connected with the to the The containing the should supply with BS.5440: Edition. or and as to of and of required. If the that directly to the required. that required. If there other burning the BS.5440: Edition should to the Prolonged of the or effective increasing the of mechanical where
You or coverings when the The covering the should securely when the Alternatively the covering. This heavy and when try to the the To the the the off its front from the the the back to the and there the each rear corner. to the from the supply the supply as the instructions. If this the the who the Location of This bed-sitting of than or bathroom, shower or It that the as Shelves, and of directly the top of the hotplate (or recommended instructions) and the hotplate when with the of the
If the to to the than the then of the of the and the immediately the or within of the of the If to or of each and the of the The hotplate to of the The to the height of the of from the hotplate. the of Ireland please to IS813 Edition Section7 Permitted Locations of Table4---Locations and L.P.G. MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other the to or height obtained rotating clockwise or clockwise the the front and of the should of the shelves to the correctly
Connecting to supply This to with only. should than to the B.S.P.) threaded located below the hotplate the of the NOTE: ONLY LIQUID SEALANTS TO BE USED WHEN INLET GAS PIPE IS FITTED I.E.: DO NOT USE P.T.F.E. SEALANT TAPE. Carry connecting to the supply. The the indicated account that to the sufficiently. the hose become when the IMPORTANT: FLEXIBLE TUBING USED MUST COMPLY WITH BS.669 CURRENT EDITION. LPG type L.P.G and of operation to and or the It recommended that the to with supply and from These instructions should with with the the its and (B) (C) (A)
off from the of the as shown 'A', This the of the fixing from the front of the and from its off 'B' back from this the of the to the front of the (with fixing to the then the height from to back of 'C' of to that the of 'C' Reposition and that top back as shown The The located the hand of the front plinth. To to the battery, the and the the to the the battery. the of the testing The as the from each and front cover.
back the right of the the from the right hand of the and off injector, whilst easing and to the F.S.D. phial. the to the injector. the supply turning the thermostat and hotplate and the The should LP. The to or Turn off the the and and cover, that the F.S.D correctly located the the of the Checking the the containing the with the attached, the Light the turning the and the the as the the released. Checking the hotplate the crowns and that they correctly seated. the To light the hotplate and the to (highest and the immediately. the to seconds, than seconds. this release the The should alight. Turn off the hotplate and Turn the hotplate to (highest DO NOT or to the should flow. Checking the Turn the thermostat to and the as the alight the released. There should to the which the F.S.D the F.S.D. heated the F.S.D which allows the supply to the that the covers the of the and the to the and that about the reduced. Turn off the and that the the to the and its the to the the which the of the
with of research and the right to and specifications without This instruction the of superseded specifications or appearance ELECTROLUX MAJOR APPLIANCES, ADDINGTON WAY, LUTON, BEDFORDSHIRE LU4 9QQ. TELEPHONE www.electrolux.com