(United States) the READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS Instructions Serve Informations Cleaning You to Common Warranty Cover
(United States) Please reference. incluye P/N 318203859E. Products P. O. GA rights Printed United States Congratulations Congratulations purchase of At Products, of and completely to with the service priority. know and Thank You choosing purchases. PLEASE CAREFULLY READ AND SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS This operating instructions and information the features. The graphics shown The graphics exactly those shown. These instructions to cover every and that Common and when operating and Please and below reference. Purchase Product Product The PRODUCT REGISTRATION CARD should completely, and to Products. Plate Location Plate Location only)
instructions this these instructions reference. This and instructions. Please to these and follow instructions of these This to that serious death or property This to that or property to with tion tions. and the the and the allow children to with InstallationBe and grounded technician the United States with National ANSI/NFPA and and with CSA C22.1 PART and only instructions the this to technician and authorized service. to the to the the or of ServicingDo or of the specifically recommended the other servicing should only technician to reduce the of and to the or the of covers, brackets/screws, or other of the Instructions To reduce the of of the the properly with the To the (s) properly, the or and that the (s) to the instructions or the or of this serious and to the allow to or around the The of the to serious burns or other when burns. the or warmer or ApplianceFlammable should or the This includes and cloth items, such as cookbooks, plasticware and towels, as as such as or the ance. and fire or property items of to the the Children the to reach items seriously children Children should or the where ance They should allowed to or of the DO NOT TOUCH SURFACE UNITS, AREAS NEAR THESE UNITS, OVEN HEATING ELEMENTS OR INTE- RIOR SURFACES OF THE OVEN OR WARMER DRAWER Both and heating though they near become enough to burns. and or clothing or other these they to cool. these the facing the the and these and
Wear or should while the ance. clothing or other or heating the Not Water or Grease FiresSmother the fire with or or foam-type extinguisher. heating or grease, closely. or grease catch fire allowed to become too PotholdersMoist or potholders burns from the potholders heating or or other cloth instead of potholder. Not Heat Unopened Food of the to burst and the from to or IMPORTANTDo to the If the the off. If the turned off and the the to Food catch fire or the first or of that to 0C/32F least hours connecting to the supply. IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR COOKTOP which each heating This with or of Select enough to cover the The of of the heating to and ignition of clothing. relationship of to the efficiency. Instructions Should Turned and Should Not Units To reduce the of burns, of and to with the The of the should that turned and Units and greasy that or that Protective to or other of the as recommended as cover the food. other of protective or of shock or fire or of glass/ceramic, earthenware, or other service without to the the Not Decorative If turned the cover become and possibly the covers touched. to the FOR GLASS COOKTOPS ONLY Not Clean or If should cleaning and the and of shock. immediately. Clean with If or cloth to cooking to burn. cleaners to scratching the with IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR USING YOUR OVEN or Warmer equipped) to the of the when the of or or food the warmer
Ducts Unobstructed. The the front the or through the right Touching the this when the operating burns. Also, or heat-sensitive items or the These items or of Racks. location while cool. from the If while potholders and the with both to potholders the or of the the without its The and allow to and from the high heat of the cover the or warmer with Exposed and grease light with cloth. Doing the to the or off the to the and light IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS FOR CLEANING YOUR RANGE Clean the to free of grease that catch fire. and grease should clean. allow grease to Greasy the catch fire. to the tions cleaning. Cleaners/aerosols follow the recommended that from cleaners and causing and/or injury. Instructions SELF-CLEANING OVENS: Clean the self-cleaning the of the this owner's self-cleaning the the and the the The should to or the racks. the self-cleaning cleaners. or protective coating of should or around of the racks. the self-cleaning The health of to the off the self-clean of to another IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE The California Water and the of California to of known to the to or other and businesses to of to such SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS
Convection cover Self-Cleaning Lights At front and and Convection Serve or only, with Bridge with Clock and lights Right Right front and and with
that heat. this Bridge About the The located below the of the The of the the of the the of the matches the of the the Heat through the of the to the cookware. cookware should used. The type and of cookware, the of and their factors that the amount of heat that to the The surrounding the become enough to burns. About the The and evenly. the the red. To the selected the and off. The heating enough heat to and heat the off off the cooking This allow heat to the cooking process. Locations of the and with with ratings. The to heat food and increases as the increases. The located the as follows inch the right or inch the right front inch located both the front and front and Bridge The BRIDGE the that the front NOTE Please instructions cleaning the Cleaning section and You section of this and NOTE that allows the to and off, the HI This to to the smooth top. the HI and the cookware too the or the cookware to Selecting
the chart to the the of food The to and of foods such as and The foods and or The and type of cookware influence the cooking Recommended Bridge and of HIGH foods, to MEDIUM HIGH fry, MEDIUM thicken and MEDIUM LOW foods LOW The (ESEC) The (ESEC) includes The ESEC the the These the as the displayed thru The ESEC The ESEC heat from to and OFF the chart to the the of food The to and of foods such as and The foods and or Lights of the the become turning of these OFF, the HOT The light whenever of the becomes HOT. The light ON while and OFF once the cooled sufficiently. ESEC displayed (flashing (or ANY of the the ON If should to of the to the OFF This the Once the to the OFF the should to operation. If the function and the following these authorized servicer ESEC The ESEC Self-Clean Whenever the ESEC active, appear appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off. items such as and or top of the when These items or Potholders, or catch fire too to the
The This locations; the right and the The Bridge as Bridge instructions). To the correctly cookware the and the to the the ESEC the Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF removing the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. recommended The This with the right front the to which of the heat. The that only the heat and The that both and outer heat and You switch from To the correctly cookware the and the counterclockwise cookware or clockwise cookware. the ESEC the Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then turn to to Each amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too the heating cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. recommended appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off.
The Bridge This with BRIDGE located the front and The Bridge when cooking with or cookware. The both of the Bridge. If cookware, the Bridge without the Bridge Bridge located the each of the Bridge These the to the when operating the Bridge The that only the of the Bridge heat The that both the and Bridge of the heat together You switch from of these cooking with the Bridge To the Bridge correctly cookware the Bridge and the counterclockwise and to heat the of the Bridge cookware or clockwise and or cookware. the ESEC the Turn the to the cooking operations higher and then to to amount of heat each heating the of the cookware the cookware too Please that the Bridge correctly. cooking completed, the to OFF the cookware. The light when the and to the cooled to The light though the turned OFF. The BRIDGE with the these to cook while the other to food recommended appear to cooled they turned off. light and to the cooled to The and burns the touched the light turned off. Bridge without Bridge Bridge Bridge with Bridge Bridge
(Continued) Selecting should that with the heating rotating the of the cookware to follow the cookware as shown The and type of cookware influence the cooking The cookware and heat from the to the The ALUMINUM heat of food to cookware If the they which scratches. these immediately. COPPER heat easily. STAINLESS STEEL heat with cooking easy to clean and CAST IRON heat however heat once cooking reached. Not recommended cooktops. PORCELAIN-ENAMEL METAL Heating characteristics coating smooth to scratching cooktops. GLASS heat Not recommended scratch the Circulation the and allow around the cookware and and cookware each other, the or back of the cavity. The around the and cookware the heat to reach around the food. cooking
This that ON and OFF to the It to the turned OFF, immediately and then ON while. Location The located right of the front and when the the released through the This the and ALWAYS ARRANGE OVEN RACKS WHEN THE OVEN IS COOL (PRIOR TO OPERATING THE OVEN). when the to the OVEN VENT and To the front of and To the the the walls. the front of the and the back RECOMMENDED RACK POSITIONS FOR BROILING, BAKING ROASTING Food or or cakes, or food yeast, or of meat or or when food.
Serve Warmer Ready) The the upright to allow food items to both and top of the or top of the and the to allow to light food items and or and the the Warmer as shown the Warmer The of the Warmer to cooked foods with food. It recommended to heat food the Warmer food the Warmer should covered with or to to cover food. the and to clean. and cookware recommended the Warmer potholders or when food from the Warmer as cookware and and burned. Warmer Selection Recommended Warmer shown If food listed, with the MED If the or from the food. foods the MED of foods to instance, meat with and the HI To heat the Warmer while To the Warmer The and lights the Warmer located the The and HI (high), MED and LO Touch the the Warmer The Warmer light flash. If further touched within seconds the to the Warmer ON clear. the Touch once to ON the HI or to ON the LO The Warmer light located the ON steady. of the or or increase through from HI to MED to LO preheat the Warmer the food preheat the food ready the once to the Warmer OFF. The Warmer light OFF. The Warmer the self-clean The warmer with which force when and closing the Warmer Warmer recommended Food Food Item HI HI Poultry HI Chops HI HI HI MED MED MED Roasts MED MED MED MED MED LO Empty Plates LO Warmer
cooking heat the cookies, breads, cakes, or The cooking and to slightly from and the too top or the when Informations and Chart and the the preheating completed. overcrowded. heat too fast. the preheating completed. too high or too too Incorrect too to or overcrowded. warped. too cool. overcrowded. too frequently. Corrections Allow to preheat to the selected food Choose that to to of when the medium-weight Allow to preheat to the selected food the 25F/12C than 25F/12C than recommended. and there to to of of with the of the If the to the instructions the to allow to to of clearance of each the that or warped. 25F/12C higher than and the recommended to from the the to shortest recommended
of cooking of meat heat the of the to the Stop when to the turning or The and its allow grease to and from the high heat of the DO NOT the without its DO NOT cover the with The exposed grease Should fire the and off the If the fire throw the fire or fire extinguisher. DO NOT or the fire. Clean-Up Tips: To cleaning the of the with DO NOT cover the with To grease from the from the as as cooking completed. the off grease. the HOT, Clean the as as each If necessary, scouring scratch the Informations Preheating Preheating when searing the preheating. To preheat, the to BROIL as instructed the the to become red-hot, usually about Preheating when To the food and cook the Season and to the turning or food. the food closely. the from the the thickness and of and preferred. The first usually than the second.
Cleaning of cleaning of the turned OFF and the COOL. REMOVE SPILLOVERS AND HEAVY SOILING AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. REGULAR CLEANING WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MAJOR CLEANING LATER. Painted and and Decorative and and Warmer and Cavity Clean Not Clean Clean Cleaning to Clean and cloth. with cloth. cloth, with and or of and Follow the with clean and with cloth. cleaners sprayed cloth first. DO NOT directly the and amounts of the the to the other cleaners, cleaners, scouring or they the finish. To to the OFF and straight off the To cleaning, the of both the and the then the scouring with scouring with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth, and then with scouring and with clean cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the or the the Self-Clean cleaning. If following instructions. with clean and If the cleaned the Self-Clean their slightly and the the Self-Clean and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of (this the the To with and cloth. DO NOT the DO NOT the The of cleaning which should to or the Cleaning section. (Cleaning Chart)
Cleaning and cleaning to to using the first apply the recommended Cleaning to the front cover the Clean and with cloth or This cleaning when from The cleaning protective the to scratches and or the the These should immediately the cooled the cleaning cream. become to cleaning the the turned to OFF and the COOL. DO NOT The to health, and chemically the Cleaning the light to Apply of CERAMA BRYTE Cleaning directly to the or Scratch to the the cleaned thoroughly, the to clean the other the as Then, with holding to the with cleaning and clean. to the other than Scratch or foods with high These of immediately or the (such as of the immediately turning the OFF, or with and the from the (as trated). Allow the to cool, and the heavy or the following the cleaners and scouring such as and They scratch the to clean. cleaners, such as bleach, or cleaners, as they or the cloths or towels, as they or the which and and of the Since the of than that of other when or used. that permanently fusing to, or Cleaning or with rough or scratch the or the as board or the cook foods directly the without heavy or the or they crack
Self-Cleaning Self-Cleaning Self-Cleaning cleans with high cooking which completely or reduces them to with cloth. to the following cleaning Allow the to cool cleaning. Wear when cleaning of the manually. DO NOT the The of the should to or the DO NOT cleaning the Doing the and and These items withstand high cleaning or the they the Self-Clean their slightly and the If the and the cooled, the of the with or cloth containing amount of (this the the the cavity the Self-Cleaning To clean, and cloth. heavy or fire when subjected to high DO NOT allow food with high or (such as or to the as they cleaning. Clean from the the the and the the front of the These heat sufficiently to burn Clean with and NOTE: to the Self-Clean the should the cavity. On these the to using from the front of the This allow to the cleaning. to the than or inches from the resting The and appear to cooled they turned OFF. The and burns these touched they cooled sufficiently. What to While the operation, the heats to higher than those Sounds of and as the food appear through the If heavy cleaning, they and and than This and and should If the self-cleaning To the Self-Clean to the Self-Clean Cleaning the self-clean- the of the become to the DO NOT the The health of to the off the self-clean of to another DO NOT the walls, racks, or other of the with heat and to the to the of the DO NOT force the This the locking when the the Cleaning completed. The VERY HOT. Clean cleaning information the the Cleaning section. Clean Not Clean
HINGE SLOT from the Light the and COOL the light the light the self-cleaning High reduce life. The light turn when the The light turned when the closed the light switch located the On the covered with shield THIS GLASS SHIELD MUST BE IN PLACE WHENEVER THE OVEN IS IN USE. To the light CAUTION: BE SURE OVEN IS COOL Turn the off the Wear leather-faced protection with only. self-cleaning to to release shield, and to shield. Cleaning and the The temporary the with the of the facing To the to the the located both and the You to apply the to the the the the and the of the and to the the of the while rotating the top of the the to completely the To follow the instructions the Cleaning To the the the the the to the the from the both the the the Instructions that Read the following the the the with or other Scratching, or the its causing increased of
To and Warmer To Warmer Turn off the warmer the to the the both of the warmer the and the right latch. the from the To warmer with scouring this with of clear and If necessary, cover with to with and cloth. cleaners or the become heating. DO NOT cleaners the with instructions to the to the Cleaning with To Warmer the both of the with the the the back the Right Shock and serious or death. from cleaning and servicing the warmer
service this It and The includes that the of workmanship or this You service while the warranty the caused workmanship or what appears to reason to service nothing than easily own or operating characteristic of This to of of the items apply to OCCURRENCE easily. Appliance service. or and displays light heat. too or enough. or turning or of Scratches or to Common POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION of the of the appear of and to or appear to and clearance. or built too tight. to the or to Carpeting with tightly Service house lights to service. This with of the art the The constantly the internal as as to they operating correctly. If of these the immediately the operation and continuously (flashing of F1, F2, F3, or F9 the Press STOP/CLEAR to clear the and the If Press STOP/CLEAR and authorized servicer. or Light this owners instructions. to the or Not this Incorrect the the to used. Incorrect the the to used. Lightweight or warped used. balanced, or heavyweight cookware. heat than and of the heating. Heavy-and heat evenly. lightweight heat unevenly, foods easily. with such as to in/on and as as Normal Houses to Protect as as from to of and touches This high enough to the bowls. DO NOT cookware of this type. should matched to the of the purchased from such as or and scratches. and of scratches cooking and become with Cleaning used. Cleaning section Cleaning. with rough used. smooth, cookware.
OCCURRENCE POSSIBLE CAUSE/SOLUTION or of with cooking operation. or from Self-cleaning completely self-cleaning Transportation to If to into/out of or when to that the following Screw the the the and other from the and from the to firmly the and the to the the the two-wheeled trolley with and the to the with heavy to scratches and or the when the to Common or of cleaning to the Cleaning section cooked to Cleaning section Cleaning. from and food. cleaning cookware with clean, bottoms. factors the used. food the and to allow to Allow the to preheat to the food the the recommended or If the too or cool, the cooling turn and off to cool internal It and the to turned off. This or amounts of grease the the self-clean If or the self-clean and follow the or the Self-Cleaning the Control(s) properly. Follow instructions to Stop Meat too to the Reposition the to clearance the meat and the Preheat Preheat and grease the with and to allow grease to Grease built cleaning necessary when frequently. grease or food Control(s) properly. Follow instructions the Self-cleaning interrupted. Follow or the Self-Cleaning the to front top or or These the self-cleaning enough to burn Clean these the self-cleaning started. Burned-on cleaned with and or to the self-clean cleaning
Notes
covered warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased "as-is" covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE PRODUCT REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained contacting the or phone below. This warranty only the USA and the USA, warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or specifications as or illustrated to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4