GAS COOKER ZCG INSTRUCTION BOOK GB
Instructions the Instructions the and of the the the the and and cleaning Something Not Working Service and Conditions to the instruction The below when reading the instruction instructions of operations and Information protection CONTENTS Technical Conversion of
You MUST these or the If Customer This to the instructions and to the British This heavy. when CORGI using the This connected to combustion products It and connected with to the This to connected to 230-240V, supply. that the and supply with the type stated the rating located the supply to the Child This to operated allow to or with the cooker. The when Children should cooled. Children themselves or off the cooker. This cooking only. It or heat and the which there supply, or with the the should or increasing the this with the with IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION The become when or the the OFF when other the with the of the or should the as or the when cooking with and the the This should clean build-up of or fire. or high cleaning the the or the of the with that the which located the back of the to of the cavity. Perishable food, items and affected heat and should the Service This should only repaired or serviced authorised Service and should used. Information installation, please of the with to and the of off the this instruction reference and to owner.
USE AND CARE right right INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE USER right right ZCG light (selector) switch
the First of the both and of the using first the should heated without food. this emitted. This the and the instructions) and the to Allow the to approximately This should repeated with the function approximately the The when Children should cooled. clear when the allow to the the Attention: when turning the and the to The four shelf and with shelf. The counted from the of the as shown the The thermocouple; reason the should extinguish, the the flow. The or both functions The the to the the function USE OF APPLIANCE
Attention: when turning the and the to the and the to the to the pressed. At the the the second). Release the seconds and that the ignited through the the cover. OR the and the to the to and the the Release the seconds and that the ignited through the the cover. If reason the should extinguish the to the off least to the To the the to the to the of operation. Turning off the Turn the clockwise to the Traditional cooking the heated the of and draughts. It to pre-heat the and to of the the The chart shows the together with the o C. It to the to to the o C
the the of the and the should that near While the operating the and the A Attention: when turning the and the to the and the to the right to the and the pressed. At the the the second). ignition, the approximately seconds the the OR the to the Press the function then to the ignition, the approximately seconds the the If reason the should extinguish the to the least and then The become when or the to supervised, the and the A its only the top heating. It to preheat the the the fourth Turn the to the and to allow thicknesses of food. the food the cooking and further
Heat from the top of the It that or to already cooked dishes. meat the to supervised, the and the A its the meat to lightly with both the roasting Turn the to the roasting the and the roasting the the first the meat without pricking that the the the thickness of the to its Browning Turn the to the the the and shelf the the light The with It operating when the switch the Turn the clockwise to the and than back to the to the of the At the of the selected acoustic sounds which automatically. The the operation of the the of the
the The The the shows which operated the the and the choose the and and off. of the the and turn to the At the the the second). Release the and that the ignited. ignition, the as required. OR the completely and to the and with match. Release the and that the ignited. ignition, the as required. If reason the should extinguish turn off the least and then If the that the and its correctly positioned. Turning off the Turn the clockwise to the that to Selecting the Correct every there the cooking choose which correctly to the of the Choose thick, the lowered as as the
the and the clean. The following used: with the The following with Deflector To when the operation. Shelf mounds) The should the of the to the roasting with roasting It to when cooking the shelf If the roasting from the to the heatproof dishes/pans to the instructions). The located the cavity. cooking the become the of such as towels, should the such as sheets, become therefore should when these items from the whilst the or To the from and as shown. To the it to the then and completely. To the follow the
and food heated the as The allow of this to However, back from the when the to allow of or heat to release. If the with cool the of the and This and with the To and from cookware, which withstand of 275C. dishes, should directly the base. Turn off the the of cooking and heat to the and The thickness, the and the of the influence the cooking increase the enough. To when roasting to the item roasted. the of and with cooking to heatproof The of cooking Dishes and their thickness, conductivity, which affects the they heat to the food them. earthenware, and bright reduce cooking and browning. with non-stick and coloured and heavy increase cooking and browning.
The should build-up of or other fire. cleaning, the OFF and the cooled completely. or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. Cleaning cleaning that they and that their recommended the Cleaners that bleach should NOT as they the finishes. to used. should cleaning the of cleaners with These protective To or the the of the following: Household and bleaches or Chemical or Cavity The cavity cleaned whilst the the with cloth each From to to thorough cleaning, using cleaner. Cleaning the cleaning of the to the following MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING the completely. the locking plates the to Partially the to o the and the the DO NOT clean the while the If this the shatter. If the becomes chipped or scratches, the and to the of the shattering. Service who pleased to further. and To the shelves, and and with and with cloth. locking plates
every with cloth to which through the of the and with cloth. To and to scratch and the of or products that the The and crowns cleaning. the and crowns using and with cleaner. with the to cleaning, to with cloth. that the switched off and from the electricity supply the to of shock. If the replacing, comply with the following specifications: 25W 300C Thread E14 To the Turn the anticlockwise and the turning clockwise and with the cover. the to the electricity supply. OVEN BULB REPLACEMENT
If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the The burns One of the or satisfactory too 6.The If these the correctly, Service Force the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase The rating found the hand of the front of the cavity. Please that purchase or service SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptoms that: supply completely The of The The and correctly cleaning that: The and the of food The and correctly cleaning that: The its The The seconds that: The selected The cooking The correctly the that: The the type of food to cooked. that: The cleaning The food There the the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the customers should that the the heading Something Not Working as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that it to of purchase service concerning and or further information products, Customer or telephone the below: SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded CUSTOMER CARE
Conditions that within months of the of the purchase, this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option, or the FREE OF ANY CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours, which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within or those, which the to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household The with the the rating The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and GUARANTEE CONDITIONS UK Slough
TECHNICAL FEATURES Class right right Cleaning Height Roasting Roasting This with the following EEC Directives Directive) and Directive) and modifications, Appliance Directive) Directives) and INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE INSTALLER 25W type E14
that the type and and the of the This with This to It to and with the force. should to the concerning The to heat or protected such The of this the rating to supply. that the and the of the supply to supply the of the that tight. and to isolate the The responsibility from which comply with legislation. of and of rated input and family of BS burning cooking burning BS Specification of of to (R1) family BS threads and where the threads BS hoses, and burning BS of cooking and family BS ADVICE FOR SAFETY
to this should or with the THIS COOKER MUST BE EARTHED. The should these This cooker to connected to 230-240V AC supply. switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the cooker rating plate.The rating located the The cooker with supply incorporating fitted. the of to the ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason, the wires the coloured with the following and Earth the and (earth) to the the which with the 'E' or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the 'N' or coloured the to the the which with the 'L' or coloured red. NOTE: The earth should about than the and wires. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. off serious (shock) that the off of that: The easily when the the of necessary that switch the and the electricity supply with of the switch and of type the with the regulations. The switch the and earth that the supply with with higher than C
Positioning the and the near The heatproof The L.P.G. or MUST NOT below ground or boat, or other This to overheating of surrounding It to to the The cooking with to the The containing the should supply with B.S. Current Editions. The following The should with of than of of effective of required; of and of effective while the required. the which directly to the when the and If there other burning the B.S. Editions should to the The cooker located or bathroom, shower or information the of supply the highest the of this cooker which with the supply 70C INSTALLATION to of Chain to as as
The with the back and front corners of the base. the to the height of the as to with other and of the or to the force. the of stated the rating If the with and the The following of to the used: (from front) that the hose and with of the hatched shown the and that the of the hose when connected with the when the Right (from front) that the hose and with of the hatched shown the It to the hose when this Where to the using used. when as follows: NATURAL the to the termination comply with: of of to (R1) family BS GAS CONNECTIONS of hose of hose
of with self-sealing complying with: hoses, and burning BS The should subjected to forces or whilst connected or disconnected; The which the of the fits should permanently attached to and such that the hose freely The should such that mechanical from the surrounding which such as or or The plug-in-connector should the hose with fixing Right incorporating backplate Distributor backplate hose with fixing
to with and with or The LPG from Service Force and Corgi the type to: the and the and the the with the the to the type Normal RAPID SEMI- RAPID AUXILIARY OVEN GRILL CONVERSION OF GAS SPECIFICATION NOZZLES Table II 2H3+ Cons
the of the or to of DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply and that the OFF and the cooled completely. the the and the crowns; the and them with those the type of Reassemble the following the These of the The correctly when the and without the type of that the correct. The when the about length. The top of that, turning the from the to the the To the Light the Turn the to the of the the Unscrew or screw the by-pass screw the right of reached. LPG screw completely the by-pass screw. Reassemble the following the that, when turning the from the to the the of
the of the To the follow this the of the the screw the the forwards. the of Reassemble the following the fixing of the screw that the correctly to the back To the follow this the the fixing screws. the of and fixing of the screws, that the correctly to the back of Light the and the closed about Turn the to off the to flow. Unscrew or screw the by-pass screw of reached. LPG screw completely the by-pass screw. The shouldnt extinguish when closing the The To or cooking the lowered from the of repairs, or the by-pass
From the The worlds choice The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the ZCG