o o GEBRAUCHSANWEISUNGEN INSTRUCTION BOOKLET BRUKSANVISNING KYTTOHJE MODE DEMPLOI GEBRUIKSAANWIJZING ERN
Informationen Brand
>PE< >PS< >PP< hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling Thermostatknopf O (STOP) Thermostatknopfes O.
hoher hoher Thermostatknopf folglich Warme
Fachpersonal Stromersparnis. offen
etwas (PNC) (S-No.) warmer
(A B) SN +32C ST D526 +32C +38C +43C
EWG EWG EWG EWG
D022 D132 (I) (B) (E) (C-D) C PR266
PR33 PR167 PR167 Rand (K) PR168 PR167/1
Notes which or the functioning of the Supplementary information and of the and concerning and sound of the Instructions This information the interests of Please or using the Please the instruction reference. If please the user the owner. The and to specifically the of only. the should the of please This heavy. The and of the when the and to this should or that the or the back of the that the trapped the touches the the its lead, when the pulled of its If the the to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the carbonated or bottles the The bottles frost/freezer burns straight from the It to and the specifications or this should to the yourself. to Service and Instructions the of the instructions Child This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling Information obtained from authorities. the and that or catches to Appliance Information The with the >PE< sheet >PS< CFC-free) >POM< sound!
of The the or its that this treated as household Instead handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Instructions and Starting the Defrosting Cleaning the light Something Customer Service and Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in and hours connecting the to allow the to flow back the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. Starting the the the and the thermostat clockwise O (OFF). The thermostat the the of the Turn the thermostat to the The following of of the Quantity and of the food stored; with which the and the location of the The the hightest warmest the
shelves The shelves cleaning. To of food of the shelves heights. To the internal or and Please the to the shelf height. of the front half-shelves the ones. The shelf the and the bottle should to shelves To of food of the the the of the arrows free, then as thorough cleaning, the top and them the of the arrows, then them to where the placed. the section correctly the to the or the too as the and the to switch If the high, the thermostat the (higher numbers) and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or to the If this the to warmer numbers) to allow and electricity foods the Allow foods to cool first. the heat the the rear of clean. food or the and or the food, To correctly, hints: meat poultry): polythene and top of the this the the Meat only this or the food, these should covered and of the shelves. these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should top and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the
the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. Defrosting Defrosting the The through trough the back of the the where It to clean the Cleaning cleaning as it NEVER cleaning products or to the as these the and Clean the with and of and thoroughly. To of the once the the and clean the with cleaner. the the from the electricity supply. Empty and the the to the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: the light cover screws. the as shown the the other with another with the charcteristics.
Something to which easily the Technical Service. Please follow these instructions: SYMPTOM SOLUTION It too the It too the The continuously. There the Water the Customer service and If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and the Selective of and this reason the following information: (PNC) (S-No.) Technical specifications The technical indicated the rating plate the the properly the the of the or products The properly Please the Building-in section. Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the Turn the to warmer temporarily. Turn the thermostat to The where the that the and that the The the introduction of of food and/or opening/closing of the defrosting frost the cooling the hose the back of the the this clicking sounds when the connected or disconnected. The injected cooling sound while through the The and/or The insulation to increase allows insulation and This information found the rating plate the the that this information that
The of both According to the the top and the when as to to the cooling with operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. that there as to this and food instructions. the or assembly from the or its service Positioning Unpack the and that and free of The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with of the following Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with The found the rating which located the the The following shows which each SN to +32C ST D526 of to +32C to +38C to +43C
that the and shown the plate to supply. of the rated operation with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed. the to earth with regulations, consulting technician. The responsibility the Building-in of the Height of housing of housing of housing It that the with of the following This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and modifications. Attention! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the Apply the as shown D022 D132
the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws (I) the included with the C (B) and cover (E) Apply covers (C-D) cover and PR266 as shown the the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the PR33 PR167
PR167 the and of from the outer of the where the (K). PR168 the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly. PR167/1 cover the
informationer informationer motiveras service. Service/reparation fackman. Service hand. Reparationer ANVND DRFR ALDRIG VASSA FREML bort frost
brand. brand. brand. Placering Informationer >PE< >PS< >PP< AB isoleringsmaterial. Information Avfallshantering
bort bort bort termostaten O. ofta placering. bort
bort bort service "Placering". bort
www.electrolux.se Service service, Service servicestation service. service, information service. service, service
Distributionskontor, Placering D526 OBS! SN +32C ST EEG EEG EEG +32C +38C +43C
D022 D132 (I) (B) (E) (C-D) C PR266
PR33 PR167 PR167 bort (K) PR168 PR167/1
L KYT TERVI ESINEIT
HUOMIO: >PE< >PS< >PP< Irrota
O.
Irrota
MOD PROD. NO SER.
On Leveys SN +32C ST D526 +32C +38C +43C
EY- On EEC EEC helposti D022 D132
(I) C (B) (E) (C-D) PR266 PR33 PR167
PR167 (K) PR168 PR167/1
service service chose Service Instructions tout Instructions recommandations Informations protection
AVERTISSEMENTS IMPORTANTS sy aspect basse Un indications tous tout botes basse C.F.C. interventions formation tout tout II tout instructions brancher
Nous Protection Tous services chargeant recyclage recyclage service C.F.C. EN CAS DANOMALIE DE FONCTIONNEMENT. intervention lachat...), Service Service
service toutes service bouton thermostat O bouton bouton O. thermostat basse clayette D302
Installation). thermostat froid formation thermostat tout toutes froids, clayette. bac(s) fromage: fromages maturation.
ENTRETIEN ET NETTOYAGE toute recharge intervention. Nous fond. fixation
chose marche clayettes. Service tous Service (PNC) tout Tourner bouton thermostat marche, indications Nous indications
aspect D526 dareation performances tableau SN +32C ST fiche fiche tout Directives CEE Tension) CEE fiche +32C +38C +43C
Instructions dareation Attention! basse cache D022 D132
(I) (B) (E- caches (C-D) trous cache
trous (K) fin cache
INHOUD
WAARSCHUWINGEN EN BELANGRIJKE ADVIEZEN of of of of of of instructies of of stopcontact. NOOIT ether, of AFDANKEN. of of of of gasfornuis. of of of tot ELECTROLUX SERVICE DISTRIPARTS of of ELECTROLUX SERVICE. of of of of of
of of of of of of recycling. of recyclen of of
HET GEBRUIK stopcontact. thermostaatknop, O O of D302
of thermostaatknop of thermostaatknop Warme of of of of of plastic- of of knoflook
ONDERHOUD stopcontact. witte of stopcontact,
functioneert, Water of Productnummer (PNC) Productienummer (S-No.) Oplossing of functioneert, of of
INSTALLATIE of +18C +43C (T- +18C +38C +16C +32C +10C +32C of stopcontact. of radio-ontstoring. EU- EG 89/336EG winter) Nishoogte
D526 D132 (I). (B). (E) (C-D)
(K) of
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.be