KO-SANTO and Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances. Location the Building the the plinth supply of the of the to Initial Starting and shelves/wire trays. VARIO shelf. Defrosting The automatically. Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions. the light Service to You Customer Regulations,
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the meaning of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children
themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire guisher the the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Appliance Information They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the
You of white and from the of the Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the from the towards. the (A) of the it from the the to the of the the they click.
To the of the as shown the
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the covering and the locking the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. height.
Mounting
Screw the covering
the plinth the operation of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to supply correctly earthed the supply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating to and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating plate the the
The or If please AEG Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the shelves Thermostat to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right hand of the Turning clockwise the then operating automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and recommenced. AEG62
shelves/wire or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the it upwards or and Please the to the height. VARIO with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below. Correct The of the type of food instructions. Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with
Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or from the tricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from
butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the performance of the and electricity tion. The of the to the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the the (F) the of the Clear with the of the (P) the of included with the everything back service. the near boilers, or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool first.
the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to the What to Correcting Malfunctions The following from AEG Service Force You these without or racks, and malfunction caused only that using the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance The tinuously. Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. Switch the Check malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily.
The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom properly of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with At the the such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force should that the the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to You Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the The and rating of purchase. AEG65
Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, Customer or telephone, as follows: The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear it flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG