SANTO TK Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the This the of the information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information/Disposal of Appliances Location the the of the Appliance of the to Initial Starting and FROSTMATIC/COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC Malfunctions Switching off the shelves/glass shelves Bottle Correct and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The Defrosting the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the
off the or or catches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the the and/or cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the top of the to the of the cavity of the through with the cold. housed within this cavity. If should these the this reason top of the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the this located phere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
If outlet of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the the and Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the (A) and Screw the securely the the screws (K). AEG36 AEG97 AEG98 A/B C
Unscrew the the the with punch. Cover the with the the the The tion of to the supply should that to the If the should as shown. AEG44
Alternatively with fitted. If the once the built the include of the from the or with of The or If please Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of of the Appliance of the shelves Light switch
of the light ON/OFF switch warmer buttons FROSTMATIC light (yellow) FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC light (yellow) COOLMATIC buttons These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL light to the of the DESIRED light flashing) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the or this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing light. The using the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
ACTUAL means: The the that currently the or The ACTUAL indicated continuously light. operation, the currently the or (ACTUAL played, the light If the the warmer than the of the the lights the extinguished. the the currently flashes (DESIRED to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and Starting and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the pressing the (WARMER) or (COLDER) buttons section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. +2C to +8C. The of information:
From food of +5C the and -18C the should enough as Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching the reached of 18C, food. FROSTMATIC/COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC The yellow light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The light the FROSTMATIC function switched the ACTUAL the slightly. Once the FROSTMATIC function switched off the selected DESIRED resumed. If the FROSTMATIC function switched the The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from
COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOL- MATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light If the COOLMATIC function switched the Warning: The COOLMATIC and FROSTMATIC functions switched Malfunctions If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the flash. The to function Service Force repaired the ance. Switching off the To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. If the to and Switch off the the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the or switch off or the electricity ply. Defrost the and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
shelves/glass shelves or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and this The height of the shelves To this the swivelled upwards or and Please the to the height. with half-size shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below. The and and other as
the with which and The To change, the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the shelf height. The from the the or and the the the and the age back the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the age the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with and food The and food. The the 18C or cold- fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked
To the shown the rating plate the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to The switch off the FROSTMATIC function matically The yellow light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC ton the FROSTMATIC function switched the ACTUAL the slightly. Once the FROSTMATIC function switched off the selected DESIRED resumed. Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these to the with or and food
Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the pointed or the the Defrosting The The rear of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and Defrosting the and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or pointed to frost. The should when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or only amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing
Switch the FROSTMATIC function hours defrosting to food sufficiently food, of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply. the from the outlet and neath to catch the You the defrosting with the and closing the of that they defrosting, thoroughly the "Cleaning and section). to switch the FROSTMATIC function off Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which
Cleaning and allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with fresh and the the rear of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that using the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance stand-by and Symptom Appliance switched or blown or Switch the malfunctions to corrected
What to the lights the flash- Press (WARMER) Appliance cools too ton. The food too lighting Light defective. of frost, possibly the The immediately pressing the COOLMATIC or FROSTMATIC or the Symptom There malfunction. too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Inform Service Force the of the Please the and tion section. the as as necessary. Press COOLMATIC and/orFROSTMATIC Please the location section. Please the the light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly. the the slightly. The of
Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. the light intensity. That allows of the the and the Attention! The light formance of the of that replaced. the the light operates intensity. Symptom Water What to the Cleaning and section.
The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without