USER MANUAL ENN
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the This heavy. should when It to the or to this to that the the supply the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. The cooling or this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
of Appliances The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the CONTENTS Instructions the Information of the food food of the the food Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning the the light cleaning Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specification Positioning Shelf
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. light Thermostat C light switch A. light The light continuously, to that the B.Thermostat Turn the thermostat clockwise to C. light The light to that the function D. switch fresh food the the switch. Allow the to hours installation. the the The light (A) to that the Turn the thermostat (B) to the approximately the to reached food To switch off the the thermostat to O The within the the thermostat the of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the O first the that the thermostat to turning of this coin.The internal of the the thermostat to food the such as high to
the switch (D). The light (C) then light The function the of fresh food and, the protects already from If this function manually, the switches off the function hours. The light This function manually the switch The light fresh food The of food and fresh food. To fresh foods it to the thermostat from the the switch least hours food. hours to of fresh food. the food to the section of the as this the To operation of the the should food first or of the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the operating the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. Warning the immediately from the burns. items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to it and food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Meat, and should the and of cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of or the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the
of the The thermostat both and the The the the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate the The thermostat as the the the following factors: often the food of the prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling and the cooling plate Turning the to the defrosting to food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling or to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
shelves The of the that the shelves as of the front half-shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves height.To these as follows: the shelf the of the arrows off, then as required.
HINTS AND TIPS Food To the from neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too to allow to around each uncovered food. food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating the to of heat, or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the food to cool to the or Food which to (when cool) should the to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the to the or the too as the and the to often switch unnecessarily. there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without The following should Ice Cream: Once should and If should cooked and and Can without Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to cleaning Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the and the the the indicated the arrow. Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light from Service Force the light cover its Defrosting The every the The the located the back of the the where it To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the and the which already the to the throughly replacing. frost free, which there to manually as this automatically.
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following Symptom to the The light The the or section too high The The continously frost and built Water the there the there the household lights. the blown. that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat mounted turned to the relative to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean. to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working? the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN the and where located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C It should located atmosphere, of and from to or or outhouse If these or warmer, then the correctly. building-in and reversibility, to the instructions the following Shelf with shelf that to the shelves To them as follows: the from the back, the of the arrow free and the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
to this should or WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
Instructions built-in The with the right or the of the as the following instructions Unscrew the and the the the cover (A). Unscrew the (B) and the spacers (C) and them the of the the cover (A). the the and the the Unscrew the and the and them the Recess To allow the clearances shown Furthermore, that the with the following width
the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the the with screws the included with the (I (P Apply the the and the Apply covers (C-D) and (B) and cover (E) as shown the
the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly.
cover If the to the of the the screws fixing (E), the as shown the and the screws. of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk