USER MANUAL ERN
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. frost/freezer burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
of Appliances The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the CONTENTS Instructions the Information Activation of Switching off of the the Fresh food Function acoustic Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves recycling and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specification Positioning Shelf Instruction built-in
OPERATION the with and of to of Applince ON/OFF and function DISPLAY or If the function the the the (A), as the turned the following appear the indicating that the the (D) and the to the following roughly +5C the or as the thoroughly. C Function Thermostat Activation of Each C pressed, the following activated clockwise function Normal operation Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. the off, (B) off.
of the the The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the O Turn the thermostat to the The the The thermostat the both within the and the The thermostat as the the the following factors: often the food of the Function If to amount of food, the activating the function to the products and to the other food which already the and/or The function activated C necessary) the appears The function off hours. It to the function C "Function Activation"). food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, it cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the To correctly, hints: or polythene and the the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the acoustic acoustic sound when the around The indicated by: flashing sound. Press the (C) to the acoustic closed): the acoustic Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
shelves The of the that the shelves as of the front half-shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves height.To these as follows: the shelf the of the arrows off, then as required. the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the shelf only closed bottles. This bottle to previously bottles. To this the it upwards and the higher recycling The with which turned with the switch The light, when that the It that the (D.A.C.) when the 25C.
HINTS AND TIPS Food To the from the neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to and the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner.
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. cleaning of the performance of the and electricity Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, Defrosting The the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the the which already the to the throughly replacing. the light If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light from Service Force the light cover its the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the the to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If the correctly, please the following Service Force Symptom to the The light The the The continously Water the If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. there the there checking the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN the and where located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or colder, then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following Shelf with that to the shelves To them as follows: the the of the arrow, the shelf from the and freed and the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
to this should or WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of it should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and
Reversibility The with the to the right. the the following actions to Unscrew the and the the Unscrew the and the spacer; them the the and screw the and the back the Instructions built-in Recess Height The of both According to the the top and the To allow the clearances shown Furthermore, necessary that the with the following
the the to the the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the the with screws the included with the (I (P Apply the the and the
Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) as shown the the of the as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover
the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, it to the of the properly. cover
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk