SANTO TK TK Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They infor- mation and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information/Disposal of Appliances Location/Your the to Initial of the Appliance of the buttons Starting and COOLMATIC Coolmatic shelves/glass shelves/VARIO shelf Correct Defrosting The Switching off the Malfunctions Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service to You Customer Conditions Regulations, terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that sed. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or using of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of or themselves other children the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or the and/or cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the top of the to the of the cavity of the through with the cold. housed within this cavity. If should these the this reason top of the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or incinerating without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the You of using white and from the of the
The should and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the this located phere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
If outlet of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the the and AEG36 AEG97 A/B C
Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the (A) and Screw the securely the the screws (K). Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. AEG98
The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the once the built the include of the from the or with of AEG44 GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the Appliance of the with and with shelf fresh meat) shelves Light switch plate WRMER KLTER C COOLMATIC EIN/AUS EIN
light ON/OFF switch warmer and COOLMATIC light (yellow) button COOLMATIC buttons C These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL light to the of the DESIRED light flashing) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the or this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing light. ACTUAL means: The the that currently the or The ACTUAL indicated continuously light. C The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
operation, the currently the or (ACTUAL the light the the currently flashes (DESIRED Starting and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. From food of C should ciently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching The of information: C
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOL- MATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light shelves/glass shelves or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the height. VARIO shelf with half-size shelves. items: the front of the shelf another to the rear. this to items the below. The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
The and and other as Correct and and and Meat, Ready physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The rear of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost
Switching off the To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. If the to Switch off the the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the or switch off or the electricity ply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Malfunctions If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the lights the flash. The to function Service Force repaired the Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from
butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the ance. everything back service.
the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. colder than necessary. the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions The following from AEG Service Force You these without or butter/cheese racks, and malfunction caused only that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
Appliance Appliance cools too The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the Initial section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please the the light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and the of the ance. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. Symptom Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water the the slightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force routed to the Service covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk should that the as the the or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to You Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and telephone Clear and of the The and rating of purchase. Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, please Customer the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this AEG Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products.
This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear Splashing or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The
Technical terminology This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV that to cooling known as They tively that the warmth from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the ance or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without