KO-SANTO SUPER TK Instructions
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information of Appliances Location the Mounting the to Initial Starting and shelves/wire VARIO shelf Correct Defrosting The Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service to You Customer Regulations,
Instructions These the interests of them or using the If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, please regulations to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that
themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher the the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. repaired service repairs to If please or Customer Service.
Appliance Information sound! They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or This the that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from the authorities or town The and the protected off the the and right of the
You of using white and from the of the Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the cooker and the If the to another or clearance of the required, to the mation of the of the
The of free operation. What should the through the the and extracted through the these plinth or crockery. If outlet of least and (A/B) the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws (F) the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards (G). Unscrew the holding (H) and AEG36 AEG56 A/B C
Mounting If the with mounting screw (A) the the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the of its cavity. the and Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the (A) and the of the the hand cavity and screw the with the screws (K). AEG96 AEG97 AEG98
Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow/Earth Brown/Live AEG75
the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. A/16 fusing. If the once the built the include of the ance from the or with of AEG44
Starting and the of the the with tective earth the the internal lighting switched The located the RH of the Turning clockwise the then operating automatically. Hightest warmest means: Lowest At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and recommenced. AEG62
shelves/wire Various or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the shelf VARIO shelf with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below. Correct and and Meat, Ready
Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the the to the or switch off or the or Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off
and the from the or switch off or turn the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service.
the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions Minor repairs yourself, from the service You these without or butter/cheese racks, and malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Customer Service.
Malfunction Appliance Appliance cools too The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the Appliance switched or or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the hinges). Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the Initial section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly.
Malfunction Appliance The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the The immediately the This occurred. Water the or shelves. Water the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the Cleaning and section. AEG65
Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service covering customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to You Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the The and rating of purchase. Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, Customer or as follows: Customer AEG Appliance Newbury RG14 5XL
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG