SANTO
To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please it to of the CONTENTS SAFETY INFORMATION Children and people and cleaning Service CONTROL PANEL Switching Switching off the Switching off the High buttons COOLMATIC function FROSTMATIC function FIRST USE Cleaning the DAILY USE fresh food of food Food Thawing Cold shelves Positioning the shelves Positioning the Thank choosing of high-quality products. with Clean HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS fresh food of food CARE AND CLEANING cleaning the Clean Defrosting of the Defrosting of the of WHAT TO DO IF the Closing the TECHNICAL DATA INSTALLATION Positioning Removing the shelf of the reversibility the ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS to without
SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. CAUTION! clear of obstruction. The and/or house- as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing other (such as of they this the the The within the of the pliance, with high of compatibility, which theless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the information
information It to the or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. WARNING! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. this selected household only. They household the the and the they food products directly the outlet the rear food once food with the food Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the and the from the clean the with to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the If the cover If the If the
follow the instructions Unpack the and there the ance immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced authorized Service and used. Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the CONTROL PANEL light ON/OFF switch If
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC Appliance light Appliance ON/OFF switch FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC ALARM OFF) (ALARM OFF) Switching the the Press ON/OFF switch The Light light The light flashes the reached. The acoustic sounds. Press the to the Switching off the ON/OFF switch than seconds. countdown the from shown. appears the turned off. The switches off. The light switches off. Switching off the ON/OFF switch than seconds. countdown the from shown. appears the turned off. The switch off. The lights switch off. High the of the light to and sound. the to the sound, while the light to flash. The when the to while the light to flash. Press the The light and the the about seconds the warmest reached the
buttons The the buttons. These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the tons. of the buttons the DESIRED ted 1C. The DESIRED reached within hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The shows the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The information: operation, the currently and played. the flashing the currently To the as follows: the the The immediately the and the flashes. Each the the C. The reached within hours. The from flashing to of the food the following should C the C the the the immediately currently the within the reached food immediately switching COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the To the function, these Press the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC switches
The COOLMATIC function cooling. of +2C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. You the function Press the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC switches off. FROSTMATIC function The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from To the function, these Press the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC switches The FROSTMATIC function of hours. You the function Press the FROSTMATIC button. The FROSTMATIC switches off. FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. DAILY USE fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh food the FROSTMATIC function least hours the food to the
the fresh food to the "X" as shown the The amount of food that hours specified the rating located the of the The hours: this other food to fro- of food first or of the the the least hours the higher If of food to and from ance and food cooling shelves to the performance. WARNING! that the stated the of the section (where the of to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). Food The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating
or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cook- This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the Cold One or the these increase the of which food the of or breakdown. shelves The of the with of that the shelves tioned as of the front half-shelves the rear ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves Positioning the The To these as follow:
the with the shelf and of the the the of the the the operation to the shelf The shelf incorporates with of which to the the the closed: the of the food the and the the and Clean with the The the from the food quality. On the to of the Clean instructions. that the closed to function. HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity hints and
hints and fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and
the indicated the food CARE AND CLEANING CAUTION! the carrying operation. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they clean and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or ishes to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling the shelves the them cleaning. cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this only cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. the Clean To the performance the Clean once every New active purchased from to of the Clean instructions. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where and cleaning
What to It to clean the the of the tor to the overflowing and the food the which already the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the of the the following the from electricity food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of WHAT TO DO IF WARNING! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this There sounds The The properly If the the four should the
The The The ted to the rectly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The light flashes. The properly. The sounds. The light flashing. The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. The immediately the FROSTMAT- IC or COOLMATIC ton, or the Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the The switched off. Switch the The the too high. The rectly. This curred. the frost the rear The Clean the What to the to the correctly. to the to "High higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the The of This correct. that products the
What to The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. the CAUTION! the from the Press the and the the cover the of the arrow. the with of the and specifically household (the shown the light cover). the cover fixing its the to the the that the light Closing the Clean the FROSTMATIC or COOLMATIC switched The correctly. There the Products too to each other. Switch off FROSTMATIC or COOLMATIC manually, or to the the function automatically. to "FROSTMATIC or COOL- MATIC function".. higher/lower the crease to products the that there the products that there higher
If necessary, the to "Installation". If necessary, the the Service TECHNICAL DATA of the Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION WARNING! the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Technical
Removing the with that to the shelves To them as follows: the the of the arrow (A). the from the and freed (B). the (C). CAUTION! to this should or WARNING! This earthed. The should these The wires the coloured with the following and Earth C
Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the with the N or coloured the coloured to the with the L or oured red. that or stray of and the the sheath. the electricity supply the as that indicated the ance rating Switch the The with the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. WARNING! off serious (shock) that of of the The active which and to the and aroma without of On the to and characteristics. The should the the turned the the from the the upwards operation, the closed. The should from the The of the to the right. If to the to the these the
and the the the the the and the On the the the Tighten the hinge. the spacer. the Tighten the
The the the CAUTION! that the freely. these Apply the to the as shown
the the the the of the arrow the cover the the the of the arrow the the of the the the that the the and the front- The cover the that the the and the correct. that the clearance the and the the the cover the to the with screws.
the from the cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the (B). the covers (E) to the the laterally to the the (E) and (F), the using the screws (as the cover (D). C
Disconnect the and the the of the the the
the and the of the together the and the and the the and of from the of the where the (K). the the and with the screws plied. the and the the
Press the the to that: screws The attached tightly to the The and correctly. ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.aeg-electrolux.com/shop 222344532-A-352010