PLEASE READ ANS SAVE THIS GUIDE Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of purchase as the of relationship. To to please this to information. MAKE RECORD FOR QUICK REFERENCE Purchase location NOTE with to You Product Card the Congratulations Safety..................................................... Instructions Water Food Normal Sounds Sights Cleaning To Common TABLE OF CONTENTS Please reference. Products, Inc. rights Printed the USA
Please instructions using this FOR YOUR SAFETY or or other the of this or other and other the the of with of from the Staples and finishes they with other or CHILD SAFETY or the and wrapping immediately the unpacked. Children should NEVER these items to with. covered with sheets or stretch become airtight chambers, and suffocation. ELECTRICAL INFORMATION The its AC The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service or to the the cord. the firmly, and straight from the to the cord. the cleaning and light to shock. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the switch or to the from off connecting to (GFI) Instructions These to that this properly. PROPER DISPOSAL OF YOUR REFRIGERATOR OR FREEZER of Child and of the or or they If of or please follow the instructions below to throw shelves children easily service technician. IMPORTANT: Pressing the On/Off the the top of the fresh food cooling to lights and other To turn off to the from the
This operating instructions the as instructed this the follow these first LOCATION Choose that grounded Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher or other heat The that and enough to supply with INSTALLATION Not the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the Not the the front of the operation of Clearances Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top DOOR OPENING NOTE: If with the to allow the should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both the and TOE GRILLE INSTALLATION REMOVAL To Toe and fresh food Working from of top of and first of free. the free and the of free. this and the both to touch four graphic top of right To Toe and fresh food of the four resting through of Starting from of first top using and this aresnapped and to LEVELING four corners of with front to To and closing, the should front to back. To To Toe screwdriver or wrench to front NOTE: The to themselves within
To shock, which death or the from connecting supply to the recommended the supply Water supply of recommended greatly increases the DO NOT supply where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly. IMPORTANT: that supply comply with The Water You wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with supply of inch OD, To the of to the from the the back of the to Then the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT type and the supply to the NOTE: Water from of inch OD type inch and instructions supply To Water To Disconnect from of supply or Turn ON supply and supply clear. Turn OFF off Unscrew from and then supply as shown. as as inch). and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply to of as shown. supply (about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply shutoff and that to switch turned On location of switch). IMPORTANT: It approximately hours the to to or three of New to or the first Connecting Ice To Water To Property
Instructions DOOR REMOVAL INSTRUCTIONS: If to the through follow these to the IMPORTANT: from food from shelves. Disconnect supply. both then to learn To top screw and cover. Trace around with This to when they replaced. top and off hinge, necessary. this to To Disconnect from of located front of Press of then to top screw and cover. Disconnect top thumbs of each and both back and forth, then with firm both Trace around with This to when they replaced. top allowing to through and off of to necessary. this to both and touches of and cord.
to At
COOL DOWN PERIOD To food allow the to with the closed least hours with food. REFRIGERATOR FREEZER CONTROLS NOTE: hours hours, the as and allowing to and to the The of through with the Both the and Food the factory to the To the to higher or the Warmer or to the The first the button, the shows the Each of the that the The shows momentarily, then back to the IF THE TEMPERATURE DISPLAYS FLASH... If both displays flashing, that the performance service who the flashing To the and with food items. Fresh Food If Food too higher the Food If Food too the Warmer higher If too the If too the Warmer
OTHER CONTROL FEATURES Cooling On/Off TURNING THE COOLING SYSTEM ON AND OFF You the cooling the On/Off located the of the To that turn off the cooling the and three seconds. Once the cooling to the and fresh food To the cooling back and the On/Off three seconds. IMPORTANT: Pressing the On/Off the cooling to lights and other To off to the from the NOTE: the tone acknowledges input.
ICE CREAM SHELF (SOME MODELS) This shelf attaches to the top of the It allows of both round and of To or property scratched, or to change. CANTILEVER SHELF ADJUSTMENT shelves easily to the shelves, food. shelves the back of the To shelves: front shelf the shelf the of the shelf the the the and TM shelves catch and the TM shelves easy to food and cleaning. The shelves of their mounting the front of the as as the allow from their mounting Shelf Shelf Shelf
DOOR STORAGE and shelves of bottles, and items selected. that and and capacity. The which warmer than the food section, of or ADJUSTABLE DOOR BINS that to To straight TALL BOTTLE RETAINER (SOME MODELS) The the from when or closing the To the the top, and the of the as shown the SPECIAL ITEM RACK (SOME MODELS) The of the Item allows to of ounce bottle of two-liter bottle, or of The Item mounts the of To the Item as shown the Item
CRISPERS (SOME MODELS) The located the shelf, and other fresh items clear and them the Items with or high should wrapped HUMIDITY CONTROL (SOME MODELS) The Humidity with allows to the within the This the of fresh that high humidity. NOTE: when with the Humidity Higher or without This incoming to and MEAT KEEPER with Meat Meat the Meat this of meat items. If to than or they should The Meat and or If or to the Meat the Meat to warmer to Meat with WINE RACK (SOME MODELS) The bottles of or two-liter bottles of or To the the with the facing To the of shelf.
AUTOMATIC ICE WATER DISPENSER OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS C C o o o o o o o C C C o o o o o o o C o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o Ice and Water to
ICE AND WATER DISPENSER FEATURES The and and or crushed the To the the option using the Press the as as to catch To from the the completely (Complete instructions the attached to the of the the Water Works The located the as operation, the recommended supply should and Water to malfunction. the connected to the supply, the of It about activating the to this first flushing the to the and of The built that the flow of release the to the Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the to that the and properly. of the first of or These should the of and ICE DISPENSER TIPS too the and that the On/Off switch turned On to the The then Occasionally the to separated. the On/Off switch turned to the the connected to the supply or whenever the supply turned off. IMPORTANT: The turned On the factory as as If supply, the On/Off switch to the the when to without If the than the and The or If of to directly from the The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing Turn the when cleaning the and If the off of should off the supply Ice and Water the Works The and located the top of the the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. the to or three of the On/Off switch. Press the switch to the to and to the to turn On. With to the The built-in arm,which when the This should to manually the from
the as when or the there there and Water CLEANING THE ICE DISPENSER Clean the and or or the sticks. Turn off the On/Off switch. and Empty and the with with clear or cleaners. Allow to completely the and clean the and that the the Press the On/Off switch to IMPORTANT: or the the the If the turned, the turning the fits with the and the hour or the to and together and the The frequently. together the and the the and to the NEVER or to the This the and
PureSource TM and Water NOTE: If purchased with PureSource TM and Water please the following and information. This and to and It located the right back of the fresh food Water supply to turned off, however, and while The already the housing the factory. to the The Water Works section to properly the with through the where bought the or the Customer It might to when first to the RG- PureSource The PureSource NGRG- Ice and Water with the RG-100 tested and NSF International, the nationally and respected, health The PureSource tested and to ANSI/NSF performance specifications. This should that or with of unknown the disinfected or through the Rated Capacity Rated service Rated C and Water the Water throughout the the every months normally the highest quality. The light of through the and Also, the that awhile the the The without (with To It necessary to the supply off to the and Turn the switch to the firmly, and as This should with If housing, gently, while back and forth. The that the the the Should the back the to screwing the back If the becomes to from the Customer from and The with the should of the Screw with back housing. Not Wrench To as tightened. completely with PureSource facing outward. Not Tighten Stop. Turn the switch to the On from the with If there and the of completely. To and from with flushing the approximately to that the the IMPORTANT: The Light the to the located the and This the light. the the and lights seconds). Please to the operating instructions attached to the of the On without there of included the that the Choose that months and from the of installation. the the front of the to when to the
PureSource2 TM and Water NOTE: If purchased with PureSource2 TM Ice and Water front please the following and information. This and to and It located the right front of the fresh food Water to turned off, however, and while The already the housing the factory. to the The Water Works section to properly the with through the where bought the or the Customer It might to when first to the FC-100 PureSource2 The PureSource2 TM and Water NGFC with the PureSource2 TM FC tested and NSF International, the nationally and respected, health The PureSource2 TM tested and to ANSI/ NSF and performance specifications. This should that or with of unknown the disinfected or through the Rated Capacity Rated service flow Rated C Ice and Water the Water throughout the world, the months normally the highest The light of through the and Also, the that awhile the the The without (with and To It to the supply off to the Turn the switch to the the Release located to the right of the to release the from the housing. To the of the of the housing would to the as the straight of the housing. the the from the and the housing the the the the assembly the back of the housing. The assembly the At this to the completely the front of the with the front of the housing. Turn the switch to the On with this, the housing. There noticeable and as the the through the and the This of to the to that the the NOTE amount of released this operation. You should towel or cloth to that of the or housing. the back of the housing to It would to clear food near this the top shelf of the IMPORTANT: The Light the to the located the and This the light. the the and lights seconds). Please to the operating instructions attached to the of the
FOOD STORAGE IDEAS Food The fresh food should C and C with of C. overcrowding the shelves. This reduces the of around the food and cooling. and the to the and Meat meat and should wrapped securely and of other foods or Food The should C or lower. operates efficiently when least To and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the too food to the This the the of and the of foods. the freely, allowing food to as as hard-to-freeze foods such as and the shelves. These foods the where the Food Ideas ENERGY SAVING IDEAS the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat-producing such as or dishwasher. If this section of or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to this the overcrowd the or the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as
UNDERSTANDING THE SOUNDS YOU MAY HEAR high-efficiency sounds. these sounds that become to They operating as such as or walls, and sounds noticeable. The following of the sounds hear, and what causing them. NOTE: insulation sound Normal Sounds A. The flow of through the or sound. B. You hear forced through the the C. Defrost Heater the heater hissing or sound. defrosting, sound IMPORTANT: the the the back of This the D. If with hear the E. Cold Defrost mechanical sounds. F. You hear forced through the the G. high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. H. Water If with hear sound as the to the each IMPORTANT: turned On the factory as as To function of supply immediately or the On/Off switch to the I. You hear the the J. sounds from forced K. light or clicking operation.
and to build-up. immediately and both sections least scouring brushes, cleaners or strong dishwasher. the from the cleaning. the straight the from to as this the to the the to with or NOTES: If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the or other which scratch the when from or with of and or, the with the of already the Cleaning and Precautions Interior/Door and and and with cloth. and items dishwasher. and Toe and and and Non and Only) Cleaning Chart and Ammonia Cleaners Cleaning of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or Allow to to from front of and with cloth or and household cleaners, or to cloth to smooth Not cloth to smooth Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. with towel, and cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. NOTE: clean, and with the to cross-grain scratching. the of the with and and with cloth.
Wear when light to REPLACING LIGHT BULBS Wear as protection and heat. light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and light cover, necessary. to the Short Vacations Vacations IMPORTANT: If the to or the the and completely. to when the back service. service to this operation. Cleaning or Light and operating of or items from Turn off and food and month or Turn the cooling off On/Off and Turn off and supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. Block necessary. food and If using handcart, from the to them or to scratching Light Light
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION RUNNING OF REFRIGERATOR Cooling turned disconnected. House blown or tripped too or weather or too recently of operating. too or too slightly too found section). dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. off and frequently. the displays flashing. performance TEMPERATURES ARE TOO COLD too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food too cold. Food Meat too cold. to warmer Allow hours to too to warmer Allow cold. hours to Meat Meat to too cold. (Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of You Turn cooling On. section. This The periodically, about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. to slightly the to food and from PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to This and off to service who or flashing the
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM too too or too slightly too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Meat too WATER/MOISTURE/FROST INSIDE REFRIGERATOR collects Weather and of walls. slightly too often or too Water and It to the of of cover. off the cover. to Water collects of and items them the Water while the collecting of WATER/MOISTURE/FROST OUTSIDE REFRIGERATOR collects of or AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER switch Household enough. or restricted to the You too to Allow hours to too to colder Allow hours to Meat Meat to too Weather slightly causing from to from Water completely seated with the whenever the the PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS The of frost and internal sweating increases. PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS covered. This weather. lower, the should PROBLEM section OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS Turn switch to On Turn household PROBLEM section TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM Turn off household that Clean necessary. If the or restricted and replaced. the
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION AUTOMATIC ICE MAKER (CONTINUED) enough than enough. Household completely to than item the the enough. Ice hollow or than and or from food or Water to or enough. ICE DISPENSER empty. too Household closed. than and around to fluctuations, and/or and back of Ice together. hollow or than You should approximately of every hours. Ice should to of hours. PROBLEM section TEMPERATURES ARE TOO WARM. Turn household If the item and release arm. that together the arm. and to The clogged. foods tightly. fresh supply. to supply purifying the first supply of the the should Turn to higher that first of should household Allow the to the should closed. overloaded. approximately then thaw, and the Clean and should that the the that together. The the operates should within this
PROBLEM CAUSE CORRECTION WATER DISPENSER Household closed. clogged. Water Water the and/or of Unit properly to the household supply and and Water high Water Cut-off and too only). phase. ODORS IN REFRIGERATOR dirty. to cleaned. Food with OPENING/CLOSING OF DOORS/DRAWERS closed too causing other to slightly. It the when slightly. touching or to Food touching top of Track that dirty. LIGHT BULB IS NOT ON Light Light Light switch reaching You lights switch lights or both too household PROBLEM section ICE MAKER IS NOT MAKING ANY ICE that closed. hear click. should with and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. Cleaning Chart and Cleaning section. food tightly. both gently. and and the to or and and the to or food Clean and track. Cleaning Chart and Cleaning section. Light and Cleaning section. Release light switch located PROBLEM section RUNNING OF REFRIGERATOR. fresh food and to lights.