French March
Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com and tight completely to the top and front-to-back Toe properly attached to corners House Table of Information the Connecting the Water Water Food and Normal Sounds Sights the Water and and Cleaning to Common Warranty House supply connected to hours Ice turned ON Ice operates correctly with housing food and
instructions Precautions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Denitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious injury. WARNING WARNING which, death or serious CAUTION CAUTION which, or injury. IMPORTANT Indicates installation, operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions this or other and other injury. Staples they with other or Child or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with or www.recyclemyoldfridge.com information recycling recycle or of and children easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or the service technician, or straight from the to the cord. cleaning and light or LED light. or the with the covered warranty. switch or to the from off IMPORTANT To turn off to the from the
features and and exibility. The below to with with and to shown without cover. TM Items PTD) LED Light Water NOTE Compartment Ice Light LED Light Shelf TM Can LED Light Perfect TM (PTD) or (with (top only)
You the following This installation and operating instructions service or contracting professional to the only as instructed this the follow these Location GFCI, Not or and from the dishwasher, or other heat and enough to with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of installation, and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the hinge to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when removing food. of and the should where both positioning of the to back (to that and properly). of these or lowering the front
To the the front Slightly the of the and the right of the and to the and screwdriver or -inch wrench to or the front both with their touching the four the NOTE The with the to the DO NOT the to the the
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. with the Stop Re-tighten screw. location To the the food items from to or screw. Re-tighten Screw Screw
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counter-clockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering the screw, the of the washer. screw tight, with the NOTE If higher the sound, screw and with Screw To the the screw located the Screw with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Re-tighten screw.
the through If through the the To the the from the the and the section). food from the shelves and the To the top covers: the screws from each cover the top hinges. of cover and back. NOTE DO NOT the ground screw from To the This the both of the the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the and the from the located the and the back to the front of the The releases when the while the the then while to the the
NOTE You approximately three of from the back of the Unscrew the three hinge screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (Please the Installation section and the top cover. CAUTION where they and injury, or to the or Removing screws right and screws each NOTE DO NOT screw from This factory the and to CAUTION heavy. when With and pulled mount of Tighten screws then turn another turn. around screws necessary.
Mounting Instructions from protective fresh food and shoulder (B) that the the screws facing the While wrench. and to the the screws facing the and right shoulder that to the the the screws facing While holding wrench. NOTE To that with that screws completely tightened. Mounting Mounting
WARNING To shock, which death or injury, the from supply to the CAUTION To Property recommended the Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply where below the If the connected to that the and properly IMPORTANT that supply comply with The Water You screwdriver, and TM screwdriver and or To the of the from the the back of the to Then approximately the cleaning (as shown). to household DO NOT type supply to the NOTE with building authority and associated to building recommends with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing its Choice (with Water with Please to www.frigidaire.com/store information. Connecting the Water To Water To from of supply or Turn ON supply and clear. Turn OFF supply from and If then supply supply as as and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To switch to the mounted). IMPORTANT the Water information about supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when connected to the household supply
Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM
Wave-Touch TM with Wave-Touch TM It only to gently the There three of displays the CUBES and CRUSHED Touch to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black inactivity, the to the The following options off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF. Turning the OFF the Neither CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF. Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from Touching the options displays the following Conserves increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to active, allows the of the and The when the Touch to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to clean the tor. It off the and the Perfect TM The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the
cooling Touch the to the of Select the options and appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to inactivity, the to the and to the basic If the of sound and the the of the The turned off closing the The off to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI. the high and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the off the off pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. the turned off, the operation. The high operating reached Wave-Touch TM /IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. NOTE While the Wave-Touch TM the to the ON and OFF and holding both the and seconds both the Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM The shows while Sabbath the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the Sabbath/Holidays. further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org NOTE While neither the lights, the deactivated. recovery. It deactivated with the the
NOTE the initiated. The and with trays. and the Perfect TM The Perfect TM should turned off the the the the Perfect TM off the on/off The OFF and the off. Then the function the Wave-Touch/IQ-Touch section. the and the off. The as this the of the Perfect TM to turned back NOTE If the Perfect TM turned off to the to to the the to that IQ-Touch TM with Touch It to the There three Water Cubes Crushed Touch the to the options below. off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF. The OFF when the the off If there then the ON. Turning the OFF the Neither CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF. Activates food. light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Conserves increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to to the and and off. Touch and to from to
sounds Tones each turned off based user preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the It off the and The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from cooling Touch the to and of the displays. Press the or to the to the The to with the The and to the If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI. the high displayed and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the the sounds pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowl- edged. The turned off and the operation. The high operating reached
Water the supply CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the three of To this release the cooled hours, the within hours. It completely about hours. The pounds of every hours IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If to and off the supply otherwise, the when to without Turning the and off On/Off the Press and the three seconds to the ON or OFF Where the OFF the LED the illuminated. IMPORTANT Turning off the existing the IMPORTANT Turning off the the You to NOTE The built-in that when the This should to manually the the the to or three Furthermore, the ushed, the or IMPORTANT On disc-shaped the or This operation of the If these frequently, of or the to and becomes with to the each the with household the to frequently.
Water Ice supply or the supply turned off, off the holding the On/Off soft-touch and the shut-off three seconds. operating: Ice Water or closing or clicking sound when the and to directly from the Empty the as below. of with the whole CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the straight Empty and the with or cleaners. with clear the the Turn the and the the to and together, the together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the and To the completely IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the with the If the properly when the the The fresh food properly causing to the fresh food
CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to includes TM shelves that to catch and You easily the fresh food to The shelves mounting that to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front and the the mounting the the and Shelf features TM Shelf TM Shelf includes of These located the of the fresh food and other include the the when with the Humidity Higher Humidity. when with the Humidity.
To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. Perfect TM The Perfect TM to food items whether cooler, or the as the fresh food section of the The thaw thawing To On/Off The 28F and 42F when and OFF when off. Press F/C to F, or C Press the or to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. turned off, the Perfect TM functions as meat The Perfect TM food products. and of the The three selections exibility to the Removing with meat of meat items. This includes the If or this to higher humidity. and The the or buttons. The the selected The buttons locked to the three (3)seconds. Deactivate three (3)seconds
IMPORTANT DO NOT the of the Perfect TM with or cleaners. with CAUTION The Perfect TM and cover cleaning the attached to the right of the the Perfect TM cover or dishwasher. with cloth or To the Perfect TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off the Wave-Touch TM or IQ-Touch TM on/off the Perfect TM turned off. the turned back the Perfect TM operations the that the turned off. The to fresh food easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. the To the of food. the with both and upward. the the the bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the The allow to and securely to 12-ounce Can
the the top of the fresh food of or The to warmer than the and includes that and Three To and items from to their and Compartment Removing and To and the the front of the the the If the with the the front of the the when the If the with the the of the (backwards), the the when the NOTE If resting the properly. To items from the and from the To NOTE The third to partially when the To this the third and Shelf The (located the of the to
the front of the and the rear of the and To the and to location. The to NOTE should washed
Food and Ideas food which reduces and cooling. and where trapped food Meat securely to and of other foods or TM and to meat/poultry should food least foods or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and off-avor burn). to Loading the that purchased food the as as efciently the selected purchases with foods. This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as Ideas the of sunlight, and from heating or such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efciently. tightly. Food Doing the to and them the This build-up the as items as and the as as shelf. such the
the sounds hear high-efciency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater sound produced, hear the activation, and sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efciency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Perfect TM light operation. hear clicking, or sound when the and the light operation. Normal Sounds Perfect TM off when or Perfect TM turned off. NOTE sound NOTE the back of
The Water and with and The as as the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About advanced The TM and tested and NSF International, the nationally respected, health The TM and tested the reduction of the performance with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that cysts. TM and inch pounds inch Water The located the of the fresh food TM should the every months to the highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of through the If of the the It to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the the the release the to the straight of the housing and Unpack the and the protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. Water
the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Turn On the the Press the while the housing. and as the of the the supply as previously. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the The Water and Water The located of the TM To of should the every months (the light the Touch to the months). You to this the and amounts of food typically the the and Unpack the and the housing. To the the top and to the closed. Press and the the three (3)seconds. the from to the The off seconds. www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when Water FC-300 TM Cartridge
and Cleaning Protecting investment its appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning NOTE If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the the from CAUTION to the the IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of
and cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and and and with cloth. and cloth to and tracks. items dishwasher. and Toe and and Only) and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or perishable items from Turn off and only Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and cord. Turn supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. necessary. Moving food and If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or Allow to to both and with cloth or and household cleaners containing bleach or to cloth to smooth cloth to clean smooth Non and CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth. cleaners and Cleaning
and Cleaning LED Lights Both the and fresh food of To LED Lights: light cover and the LED cover with and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and or facing outward of fresh food NOTE LED lights or lights light Light Both the and fresh food of include light that from lights covers that to LED Light LED Light CAUTION Wear when light to To light Wear protective light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and (normally light cover, necessary. LED Lights www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when Lights Light Light LED Light,
If with or or that to service to this section with the following this information includes and Correction Water supply to Household or restricted If of the type, created sufciently to through. to the Water completely seated. than enough Household completely to than Ice and or from food enough. Correction Water connected. Ice and around to and/ or together. to Common Ice empty. Household Food closed. Ice than four to than Turn supply Instructions) Turn household Turn off household that Clean necessary. If the or restricted, and replaced. the should hear clicks). Ice should approximately pounds of every hours. Turn household If the Cover foods tightly. fresh supply. Connecting The Water section). turned the supply of the the should household Allow the to the should Fresh Food closed. Section, of overloaded. approximately three then thaw, and the Clean and should the often that together. The clogged. the operates should within this
to Common Light Not On Correction Light Correction dirty. to cleaned. Food with Correction It the and and when slightly. the to or to Food touching top of food overloaded or redistribute food. Correction Cooling turned Light or LED light reaching lights or both too outlet disconnected. House blown or tripped the Light or LED lights and Cleaning section. section, and to lights. Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with routinely Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off This The periodically, about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. This and off to
Correction too or weather or too service who displays performance or the displays. Too Cold Correction too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food too cold. Food Meat Too Correction too or too too too satisfactory. to Common recently disconnected of operating. too or too slightly too found fresh food section). food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly tted. This with high-efciency, too cold. too cold. to warmer Allow hours to Meat too Meat to warmer cold. Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of meat. slightly too to Allow hours to Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to It the to of to warmer Allow hours to It the to while the whenever the the section, of
to Common Too Correction too satisfactory. the or Perfect TM too Water Correction Water supply connected. Water Water the of and/or Water Cut-off and too only). phase. Water/Moisture/Frost Correction collects of walls. Water collects and off the of the cover of cover. to collects Washed and while of the and their collects of or too to Allow hours to too to Household clogged. Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Weather and slightly too often or too Weather slightly causing from to from supply Connecting The Water section). household section Not to protective and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment supply the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of often to allow to covered. items them the Water collecting of Routinely and they to This weather. lower, the should section, of
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the and sealed or of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Warranty Terry L5V 3E4