Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information and tight completely to the top and front-to-back Toe properly attached to corners House turned Table of Information Removing the Connecting the Water Water Food and Normal Sounds the Water and and Cleaning to Common Warranty House supply connected to hours Ice turned ON operates correctly with housing food and
instructions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious injury. WARNING WARNING which, death or serious CAUTION CAUTION which, or IMPORTANT Indicates installation, operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions using or or other near this or other and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with or www.recyclemyoldfridge.com information recycling recycle or of the the shelves and easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the cleaning and light or LED light. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the switch or to the from turned off IMPORTANT To turn off to the from the
features and terms and flexibility. The below to with with and to shown without cover. Custom TM Items CTD) LED Light Water NOTE Compartment Light LED Light Shelf Custom TM Can LED Light Custom TM (CTD) or (with (top only) Toe
You the following This and operating instructions service or contracting professional to the only as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of Allow the following clearances ease of and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both positioning of four of the the The should the front and rear. The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front
To the using the front the screw from each of the the and off screwdriver or -inch wrench to or the front both bind-free with their touching the four the NOTE The with the to the DO NOT the to the the and the screws.
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. to location. with the Stop Re-tighten screw. location To the the food items from to or screw. Re-tighten Screw Screw
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counter-clockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering the screw, the of the washer. screw tight, with the To the the screw located the Screw Screw height. with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Height Re-tighten screw.
Removing the through If through the first the To the the from the the and the Installation section). food from the shelves and the To the top covers: the screws from each cover the top hinges. of cover and back. NOTE DO NOT the ground screw from To the Trace lightly around the top with This the both of the firmly, the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the and the from the located the and the back to the front of the The releases when the outer while the the then while to the the
NOTE You three of from the back of the Unscrew the three screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (Please the section and the top cover. CAUTION where they and or to the or Removing screws right and screws each NOTE DO NOT screw from This factory NOTE and stationary while screws. Factory affected allowed to screw Removing the and to CAUTION heavy. when With and pulled mount of Tighten screws then another turn. around screws necessary.
Connecting the Water WARNING To shock, which death or injury, the from to the CAUTION To Property or recommended the supply Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply DO NOT where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly IMPORTANT that supply with The Water You wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT self-piercing type shutoff and supply to the NOTE with building authority and associated to building with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing recommends its Choice (with Water with Please to www.frigidaire.com/store information. To Water Supply To Disconnect from of supply or Turn ON supply and supply clear. Turn OFF supply from and If then supply supply as as inch and another with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To mounted) or the On/Off switch to the mounted). Water to Ice (Include enough to allow cleaning.) IMPORTANT connecting the supply, to to the Water information about supply supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when first connected to the household Water Bracket Water from household supply
with Wave-Touch TM It to the There three of displays the CUBES and CRUSHED to the The active brightly Wave-Touch TM The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF. Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from
Touching the options displays the following options: Conserves increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to change. active, allows the of the and The displayed when the to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the It off the tions, and the Custom TM The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the cooling Touch the to the of the options and appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the basic If the of sound and the the of the The turned off closing the The off to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI. the high displayed and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the off the off pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. the off, the operation. The high operating reached
Wave-Touch TM The that of the and its with of the and religious within the community. NOTE While the Wave-Touch TM only the to the ON and OFF and holding both the and seconds. The shows while the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its own and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the Sabbath/Holidays. further and of with the please the NOTE While neither the lights, the deactivated. recovery. It with the buttons the NOTE Although the the the it already initiated. The and with trays. and the Custom TM The Custom TM should turned off the the the the Custom TM off the on/off The OFF and the off. Then the function the Wave-Touch section. the and the off. The as this the of the Custom TM to turned back NOTE If the Custom TM turned off to the to to the the to that
Ice Water the supply CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the flow three of To this release the the properly and cooled the within hours. It completely about hours. The to pounds of every IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the On/Off to and off the supply otherwise, the chattering when it to without Turning the and off Ice the On/Off the Press and the Ice three seconds to the ON or OFF the OFF the LED the IMPORTANT Turning off the existing the IMPORTANT Turning off the the You to NOTE The built-in that when the This should to manually the the the first to the supply or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or IMPORTANT On disc-shaped the or This operation of the If these frequently, of or the to replaced. the nears the of its and becomes with to the each months or the with household the to frequently.
Water If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the holding the On/Off soft-touch three seconds. The following sounds when the Water or closing when hear or clicking sound when the and If of to directly from the when to of with the whole too Empty the as below. CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the straight Empty and the with or cleaners. with clear Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the and To the completely IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the correctly. The fresh food properly causing to the fresh food
CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to includes Custom TM shelves that to catch and You easily the fresh food to The shelves mounting that to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front and the the mounting the the and Shelf Custom TM Shelf Custom TM Shelf includes of These located the of the fresh food and other fresh include the the when with the Humidity Higher Humidity. when with the Humidity. Humidity
To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. Custom TM C The Custom TM to food items whether cooler, warmer, or the as the fresh food section of the The thaw thawing foods hours. At the of that then switches to the items to the food. To To and off, the On/Off The 28F and 42F when and OFF when off. Press F/C to F, or C Press the or to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. turned off, the Custom TM as meat The Custom TM food products. and of the The three selections flexibility to the with meat of items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to higher humidity. and The the or buttons. The the selected The buttons to the three (3)seconds. Deactivate three (3)seconds
IMPORTANT DO NOT the of the Custom TM with or cleaners. clean with CAUTION The Custom TM and cover cleaning the attached to the right of the the Custom TM cover or dishwasher. Clean with cloth or To the Custom TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off the Wave-Touch TM or IQ-Touch TM on/off the Custom TM off. the turned back the Custom TM operations the that the turned off. The to fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. Removing the To the of food. the with both and the the the bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the The allow to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce Can
the the top of the fresh food of spreads, or The to warmer than the and includes cover that and Three To and items from to their and Removing and Compartment To and the the front of the the the If the with the the front of the the when the If the with the the of the (backwards), the the when the NOTE If resting the properly. To items from the and from the To NOTE The third to when the To this the third and Shelf The (located the of the to
the front of the and the of the and To the and to location then back The to NOTE should
Ideas foods food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where trapped food items and items that or high Meat meat and and securely to and of other foods or the or Custom TM and to meat/poultry meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and wrap, or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the to that purchased food the as as Activating efficiently the selected purchases with foods. Food and too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat- such as or dishwasher. If this section of or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and Cover foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as directly shelf. such the
Normal Sounds the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. defrosting, sound produced, hear the Ice activation, and sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Custom TM light operation. hear clicking, or sound when the and the light operation. Custom TM off when or Custom TM turned off. NOTE sound NOTE the back of
with and The as as the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About The PureAdvantage TM and tested and NSF International, the nationally respected, not-for-profit health The TM and tested and to ANSI/NSF and the reduction of specified the performance with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that cysts. Rated Capacity TM and Rated service flow Rated pounds inch Recommended pounds inch 33F, 100F Water The located the of the fresh food TM should the every months to the highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of through the If of the the The Water and It to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the the the release the to the straight of the housing and Unpack the and the protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. Water
The Water and the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Turn On the the Press the while the housing. and as the of the the supply as previously. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the Water The located of the TM To of should the every months (the light the Touch to the months). You to this the and amounts of food typically the the and Unpack the and the housing. the Press and the the three (3)seconds. the from to the The off seconds. www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when first Water FC-300 TM Cartridge EWF01 EAFCBF
Protecting investment its appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least year. NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners, or or cleaners with bleach to dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. NOTE If to turn off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the of plate warranty. the the correctly. This the from CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the to with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of and Cleaning
and Cleaning and cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and with cloth. and cloth to and tracks. and and Only) Vacation and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or Vacations food and month or food and and and and Non and cleaners perishable items from Turn off and Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and cord. Turn supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. necessary. If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or items dishwasher. Allow to to both and with cloth or and household cleaners containing bleach or to cloth to smooth cloth to smooth CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth.
LED Lights Both the and fresh food of include lights. To LED Lights: cord. light cover and the LED cover with and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and or facing outward of fresh food LED Light NOTE LED lights or lights light Light Both the and fresh food of include light that from lights covers that to the that LED Light and Cleaning CAUTION Wear when light to To light cord. Wear protective light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. LED Lights www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when LED Light, Lights Light Light
to Common If with or or that to service to this section with the following this information includes and Correction enough and Correction and around to Water supply connected to Household or restricted If of the type, created sufficiently to through. to the Water completely seated. than Household completely to than Ice or from food enough. Water supply connected. Ice empty. Household Food closed. than four to fluctuations, and/ or together. than Turn supply Installation Turn household Turn off household that Clean necessary. If the or restricted, and replaced. the should hear clicks). should pounds of hours. Turn household If the foods tightly. fresh supply. Connecting The Water section). turned the first supply of the the should household Allow the to the should Food closed. Section, Opening/Closing of overloaded. three then thaw, and the Clean and should the often that together. The clogged. the operates should within this
Light Not On Correction Light Correction dirty. Correction It the to Correction to Common Light or LED light reaching lights or both too to cleaned. Food with when slightly. Food touching top of overloaded Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House blown or tripped the Light or LED lights and Cleaning section. section, and to lights. Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with routinely and and the to or food or redistribute food. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off button. This The about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. This and off to
to Common Correction too or too flashing. Too Cold Correction too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food Food Meat Too Correction too too satisfactory. or weather recently of operating. too or too slightly too found fresh food section). food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. This with high-efficiency, performance too cold. too cold. to warmer Allow too cold. Meat too cold. too or too slightly too to Allow hours Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to It the to of service who or flashing the displays. to warmer Allow hours to It the to while hours to Meat to warmer Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of the whenever the the section, of to
Too (continued) Correction too satisfactory. the or Custom TM too Water Correction Water and/or Water Water/Moisture/Frost Correction collects of walls. Water of cover. collects of collects of or to Common too to Allow too to Water supply connected. Household Ice clogged. Water the of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Cut-off and too only). phase. Weather and slightly too often or too and off the of the cover and while the and their Weather slightly causing from to from hours to supply Connecting The Water section). household section Not to protective and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment supply the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. The of frost and sweating increases. section, of often to allow internal to covered. to items them the Water collecting of Routinely clean and they to This weather. lower, the should section, of
Warranty Warranty REFRIGERATOR WARRANTY protected this warranty WARRANTY THROUGH OUR AUTHORIZED SERVICERS, THE CONSUMER WILL BE PERIOD WE WILL: RESPONSIBLE FOR: FULL ONE- YEAR WARRANTY TH LIMITED YEAR WARRANTY and Sealed LIMITED WARRANTY (Applicable to the State of the U.S.A., warranted Products, Inc. authorize to or to of obligations this warranty. obligations service and this warranty or authorized Products, Inc. servicer. warranted *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITI ES OF THE CUSTOMER *NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CUSTOMER EXCLUSIONS This warranty cover the following: CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. allow the or of or this or apply to Service which malfunction or workmanship or or ordinary household The such service caused services servicers other than Products, Inc., or its authorized servicers; of other than Products from other than such servicers; or such as supply or acts of Products with that or and readily IF YOU NEED of or other record. The the SERVICE establishes the warranty should service If service to and This written warranty rights. You other rights that from to Service this warranty obtained contacting Products, Inc. or This warranty only the States of the U.S.A. and and Product or specifications as or illustrated to without Products, Inc. warranted USA Appliances North America P.O. GA USA Products, Inc. P.O. GA One from purchase or of this which to or workmanship. and Water and warranted only). through fifth years from purchase or the or sealed or which to or workmanship. of the of the warranties Costs of the technician's to the and the below apply. and and of the of service. This warranty to products ordinary household and the the items below: of the with instructions with the authorized servicer with instructions with the and with and/or to grounded of of of or house the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when it shipped from the factory. to installation. of light and/or with these features). Costs of service that NORMAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CONSUMER.* Costs and of the of service. Costs and other than with to the or Sealed L5R 4C2 Terry L5V 3E4