Instructions WARNING To shock, which death or to completed of these instructions. Necessary: AND OR OR Wrench Wrench Head The to of built-in to and with Include these Choose grounded or sunlight and to dishwasher or other heat should and to The Water access. easy to counter tops when food. to and to Allow the following clearances ease of and and inch Rear: inch Unpackaged To already You to to through or If the than the the from of only. to the from Water The Water You wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then approximately the cleaning (as shown). CAUTION To Property or the Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply to the supply to household DO NOT type IMPORTANT DO NOT supply where the supply, to to the Water information about supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when first connected to the household below and supply to the Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly. Not with the of Please the purchased from. P/N: To Water To Ice from of or Turn ON and clear. Turn OFF shutoff NOTE from and These instructions only as option. recommends that service or contracting professional to If then supply supply as as inch/6.4 and Tighten another turn with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT NOTE With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. Information about products supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To mounted) or the On/Off CAUTION switch to the I mounted). below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C) cooling of NOTE The the household supply off. to hours. information about and operating the Ice Water If to the directly front of its to the its supply the cord, and the straight back CAUTION IMPORTANT Shifting the from to If without to supply, the switch turned the necessary) WARNING To both and right of of To shock, which death or the from supply to the While of to top to the right and of To With both closed, right and of from both Press top of top of off. outward and off of hinges. NOTE the with the the To the using the screw that height tion. (The without screw If the than the the turning the screw counterclockwise inch wrench. If the than the the turning the screw counterclockwise inch wrench. and top of through of (from closed to the Water to Water Bracket Water from household (Include enough to allow cleaning.) CAUTION Shifting the from to the the front of ator. operation. Wrench and Stop This should only installation. and to the internal of Once the this Location of these These of the completed. of things to the the connected to the household supply? If to the and and the hinges? the instructions and the switch turned On? Other to the to the turned the the fresh food seated If operation these please the To Common section Whats Next? Congratulations. You ready to To become of instructions and learn to please the You to with the Normal Sights Sounds section of the to learn about what to typical operation. Please You www.electroluxusa.com. or the Card. thank choosing Checkoff and tight completely to the top to and front to back Toe properly attached to corners House turned Screw House supply connected to hours turned ON Water operates correctly with housing Food and Card