EN FREEZER REFRIGERATOR FR RFRIGRATEUR CONGLATEUR ES REFRIGERADOR CON CONGELADOR USE AND CARE GUIDE GUIDE DUTILISATION ET DENTRETIEN GUIA DE USO CUIDADO
Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com and tight completely to top and front-to-back Toe properly to corners House turned of Information the Connecting the Water Water Ice Food and Normal Sounds the Water and and Cleaning to Common Warranty House supply connected to hours turned ON operates correctly with housing food and
instructions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious injury. WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or injury. IMPORTANT Indicates operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions or or other this or other Read and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other wrapping immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with or information recycling or of the the shelves and easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the cleaning and light or LED light. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the outlet switch or to the from turned off IMPORTANT To off to the from the
features and and flexibility. The below to with with and terminology. to shown without cover. TM TM Items PTD) LED Lights Water NOTE Ice Ice Shelf *LED Light IMPORTANT included with purchased www.electroluxappliances.com or Luxury-Design TM TM Can *LED Light *Soft Serve Soft-Closing *Perfect TM (PTD) or (with with Toe
You the following This and operating instructions using service or contracting professional to the as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both
necessary) To the the front around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to and the the (A). the the the (B). to the four screws. Then necessary) positioning of four corners of the the The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front At From Both Slightly the and You or each inch wrench to turn the screws To screw clockwise. To screw counterclockwise. both with their touching the four and that the the
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. to location. with the Stop Re-tighten screw. location To the using the food items from to or screw. Screw (where NOTE should with Screw or Screw of
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counter-clockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering Re-tighten the screw (where the of the washer. Screw tight, with the Screw (where NOTE If higher the sound, screw and with the the To the the screw located the Screw height. with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Re-tighten screw.
Shelves shipped with the and locking their Below the instructions to the shelves locations. from its locked the the directly upwards and to from the top of the the and straight the CAUTION to the the from While with the facing the the back of the Gently the shelf the once the back the
through If through the first the To the the from the the and the section). food from the shelves and the To the top covers: the screws from each cover the top hinges. of cover and back. NOTE DO NOT the ground screw from To the Trace lightly around the top with the This the both of the firmly, the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the and the from the located the and the back to the front of the The releases when the outer while the the then while to the the NOTE while the from the to that the
the NOTE You of from the back of the Unscrew the three screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (Please the section and the top cover. NOTE the and the top cover, to the CAUTION where they and injury, or to the or Removing screws right and screws each CAUTION four screws. heavy. when and to With pulled each each four screws and (C). around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to and the the (A). the the the (B). to the Then the Assembly At From Both
Mounting Instructions from protective fresh food (A) and shoulder (B) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (C) with wrench. and to the the screws facing the first and right shoulder that to the the the screws facing While holding and right screws (C) with wrench. NOTE To that with that screws completely CAUTION Wear and CAUTION when these Mounting Mounting
Connecting the Water WARNING To shock, which death or injury, the from to the CAUTION To Property or recommended the supply Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply DO NOT supply where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly IMPORTANT that supply comply with the supply wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then the cleaning (as shown). shutoff to the to household DO NOT type shutoff NOT or thread and supply to the NOTE with building authority and associated to building recommends with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing recommends its Choice (with Water with Please to www.electroluxappliances.com information. To supply to from of supply or Turn ON supply and supply clear. Turn OFF supply from and If then supply as as inch and another turn with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To or the On/Off switch to the On (fresh food Water to (Include enough to allow cleaning.) Water Bracket Water from household supply
Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM
Wave-Touch TM with Wave-Touch TM It to the There three of displays the WATER CUBES and CRUSHED Touch to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF The OFF when the LED the illuminated. If there then the ON Turning the OFF the Neither CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF (Fresh Food Activates food and increased NOTE to section light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from Touching the options displays the following options: Conserves increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to active, allows the of the and The displayed when the Touch to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to clean the tor. It off the and the Perfect TM The OFF IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the
cooling Touch the to the of Select the options and appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the If the of sound and the the of the The turned off closing the The off to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI the high and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the off the off pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. the turned off, the operation. The high operating reached Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. NOTE While the Wave-Touch TM the to turn the turned and off and both the and seconds both the Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM The shows while the the high active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the Sabbath/ further and of with the please the NOTE While Sabbath neither the lights, the deactivated. recovery. It with the buttons the
NOTE Although the the the already initiated. The and with trays. and the Perfect TM The Perfect TM should turned off the the the the Perfect TM off the on/off The OFF and the off. Then the function the Wave-Touch/IQ-Touch section.) the and the off. The as this the of the Perfect TM to turned back NOTE If the Perfect TM turned off to the to to the the to that IQ-Touch TM with It to the There three Water Cubes Crushed light the active Touch the to the options below. off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF The OFF when the LED the Ice If there then the ON Turning the OFF the Neither CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF Food Ice Activates food and increased NOTE to section light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to change. Touch to Press and three seconds to
Touch to the and and off. Touch and to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the It off the and The OFF IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from cooling Touch the to and of the displays. Press the or to the to the The to with the first The and to the basic If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI the high and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the the sounds pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowl- The turned off and the operation. The high operating reached
Water the supply CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the flow three of To this release the operation the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. The the from the rear. You to force the the This allow the to completely. IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the On/Off to and off the supply otherwise, the chattering when to without Turning the fresh food and off Ice the On/Off the Press and the three seconds to the ON or OFF If there then the ON IMPORTANT Turning off the existing the IMPORTANT Turning off the the You to NOTE The built-in that when the This should to manually the the the first to the supply or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or IMPORTANT On the or This operation of the If these frequently, of or the to replaced. the nears the of its and becomes with to the each months or the with household the to frequently.
Water If connected to supply or the turned off, off the holding the On/Off soft-touch three seconds. The following sounds when the operating: Ice Water or closing hear or clicking sound when the and If of to directly from the Ice too Empty the as below. to of with the whole CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the straight Empty and the with or cleaners. with clear Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the To the completely IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the The fresh food properly causing to the fresh food NOTE allow to information.
the properly, the within hours. It completely about three the the first and the to properly, to clear from Once allow the to completely, then the first TWO FULL of It least to completely the or The approximately four pounds of every hours IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the to off. the chattering when to without Turning the and off lifting/lowering the To to the the the to turn the OFF and the to ON. Ice If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the arm. The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing Ice too Empty the as below. Function with Function, that activated user interface, allow increase You to CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the Empty and the with or cleaners. with Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together. the and to the or clean as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the To the completely
Shelf features CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to To the of shelf: from its the the directly upwards and to from the top of the the and straight the the from While holding shelf with the facing the shelf the back of the the the once the back the CAUTION to the
includes of These located the of the fresh food TM and other fresh They smooth-glide, ball-bearing and soft-close functionality as to and include the the when with the Higher Humidity. Fresh when with the Humidity. To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the item The of the item allows to four bottles of or bottles, or item that to around. Cool with of items. This includes the NOTE to than should If or this it to higher humidity. Removing Item
Perfect TM The Perfect TM to food items whether cooler, warmer, or the as the fresh food section of the This smooth-glide, ball-bearing and functionality as to and The thaw thawing foods hours. At the of that then switches to the to the food. To To and off, the On/Off The 28F and 42F when and OFF when off. Press F/C to F), or C) Press the or buttons to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. turned off, the Perfect TM as meat The Perfect TM food products. and of the The three selections flexibility to and selections. The the or buttons. The the selected The buttons to the three seconds. Deactivate three seconds the IMPORTANT DO NOT the of the Perfect TM with or cleaners. with CAUTION The Perfect TM and cover cleaning the to the right of the the Perfect TM cover or dishwasher. Clean with cloth or To the Perfect TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off the Wave-Touch TM or IQ-Touch TM on/off the Perfect TM turned off. the turned back the Perfect TM operations the that the turned off. the
The to fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. To the of food from the with both and it upward. the the the bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the The allow to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce Can To items from to its and To the the front of the the the NOTE If resting the properly. To items from the and from the To
Soft Serve The the right to the This items that to easily items such as the front of the and and the of the to (The
Food and Ideas foods Fresh food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where food items and items that or high Meat meat and and securely to and of other foods or the Cool or Perfect TM and to meat/poultry meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to that completely Loading the to that purchased food the as as Activating efficiently the selected purchases with foods. too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat- such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as directly shelf. such the
the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds noticeable. The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. sound produced, hear the activation, and sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Perfect TM light operation. hear clicking, or sound when the and the light operation. Normal Sounds Perfect TM off when or Perfect TM turned off. NOTE sound NOTE the back of
The Water and with and The as as the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About advanced The TM NGFC and tested and NSF International to NSF/ANSI and the reduction of specified the performance protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that Rated Capacity TM and Rated service flow Rated pounds inch Recommended pounds inch 33F, 100F Water The located the of the fresh food TM should the every months to the highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of through the If of the the It necessary to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the the the release the to the straight of the housing and Unpack the and the the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Turn On the the Press the while the housing. and as the of the the supply as previously. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the Water Water
The located the and/or the of the the TM To of should the months (the light the Touch to the months). the the and Unpack the and the housing. To the the top and to the closed. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the The off seconds. located the www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when first Water FC-300 PureAdvantage TM Cartridge EWF01 EAFCBF The Water and
and Cleaning Protecting investment clean its appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners, or CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. NOTE If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the of plate warranty. the the correctly. This the from CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the to with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or perishable items from Turn off and only Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and cord. Turn to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. necessary. food and If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching
and cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and and and with cloth. and cloth to and tracks. items dishwasher. and Toe and and Non Only) and Chute The to flow the Ice Cleaning Turn the off the the to Press the front of the and Turn back of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or Allow to to Instructions). both and with cloth or and household cleaners containing bleach or to cloth to smooth cloth to smooth CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to clean Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaners cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth. Press and Cleaning the Turn the off using the the to the with the that the the front of the the Turn back The
and Cleaning LED Lights Both the and fresh food of include LED lights. To LED Lights: cord. light cover and the LED cover with hand and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and NOTE LED lights or lights light LED Lights www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when LED Light LED Light LED Light,
If with or or that to service to this section with the following this information includes and Concern Common Ice Ice enough Ice together. to Common off. connected to or The supply The seated properly. The with or restricted than The with The or restricted the that the Ice enough. hollow of with The hollow the and their existing which to together. Turn the food and the Ice seconds the off. the the arm. the to the household supply and the supply that the supply when the the and the to the that hear tion. If or or the months or should replaced. Turn off household that Clean necessary. The fresh food and each pounds of every hours If than or the months or should replaced. that the supply when the the Turn off household that Clean necessary. the item and release arm. that together the arm. and The fresh supply. Ice should least to the separated. This when the enough This usually the of the
to Common Concern Common Ice and around Light Not On Concern Common Light or LED light Light Concern Common Concern Common It the to Water connected. Ice empty. Household Food closed. than four to to and/or Ice together. Ice than reaching lights or both too to cleaned. Food with when slightly. Food touching top of supply Connecting The Water section). turned the first supply of the the should household Allow the to the should Food closed. Section, of overloaded. three then and the Clean and should the often that together. The clogged. the operates should within this Light or LED lights and Cleaning section. section, and to lights. Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with routinely and and the to or food or redistribute food.
Concern Common too or too displays flashing. Too Cold Concern Common too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food Food Meat to Common Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House or tripped the or weather recently of too or too slightly too found fresh food section). food/freezer worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. This with high-efficiency, performance too cold. too cold. to warmer Allow too cold. Meat too cold. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off This The about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. This and off to Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. Ice to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to It the to of service who or flashing the to warmer Allow hours to It the to cool while hours to Meat to warmer Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of
to Common Too Concern Common too too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Cool or Perfect TM too Water Concern Common Water and/or Water Water/Moisture/Frost Concern Common collects of walls. Water collects of cover. collects of collects of or too or too slightly too to Allow hours too to Allow too to Water supply connected. Household clogged. Water the of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Cut-off and too only). phase. Weather and slightly too often or too and off the of the cover to Washed and while the and their Weather slightly causing from to from the whenever the the section, of to hours to supply Connecting The Water section). household section Ice Not to protective and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment checking supply turn the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of often to allow internal to covered. items them the Water collecting of Routinely and they to This weather. lower, the should section, of
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the and or of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or as or to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Appliance Warranty Information Warranty Terry L5V 3E4