SANTO DT Instructions AEG D-90327
please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. Dear customer, who acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Starting and shelves Fresh food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Positioning Rear spacers the
(D) Unscrew the them the the with punch. the with the the Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them the PR228 The the home. It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from children
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the the ght from the the Service food. The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the Unscrew the and the of the cover (F) from tilation the of the arrow and the Unscrew the and the With screwdriver, the covering the the and them Unscrew the (G) from the top and the the the the bot- of the the Unscrew the and the the bot- of the to the washers. to the washers. off (D) the screws. the right-hand Proceed as follow: the the top the should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. sound. Appliance Information
this to efficiently, located where the below 10C (50F) or 32C (90F), this located atmosphere, from heat You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT the of the screwing the foot, or the of the and sunlight. with restricted Positioning reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them inoperable. from the or Council or Health Office to there or to to the to as authorised of Appliances NP005 and from the of the The and the protected D200 the rear spacers the to of heat operation. Proceed the Rear spacers D594
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the Lowest as the the thoroughly. Hightest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food Starting and The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. the terminals The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP High and the to the to If this turn the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. continuously. CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
The months when the handed to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or to faulty.installation, or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG Repairs the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light glassware, or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. The or includes both and This relates to and to another The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. Slough tation. UK Conditions Conditions the front of the and of the To height the The shelf the and should to and fresh The shelves the shelf or and to heights: shelf. Shelves D338 The and and other as with which and the The To the of the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the operation to the height. the shelf shelf
Meat types): polythene and the cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: food the of service, or to purchase routed to the Service Force of Service Force and further information please Service Force telephoning: about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. covering Service and foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the the this or the please the Service Force to following 4.The and of the (found the rating Please that purchase or service the heading Something Not 3.Clear and of the and telephone 5.The purchase Customer The the C or Please the capacity the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The warmth increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as food. and food concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or to this recorded Customer AEG Appliances High SL1 1DZ Slough, www.aeghome.co.uk.
Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light and the the back screw from the light cover. the light the shown. screw. tion. the light the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of food with Please the specified the tridges the other to the food. the food the food to the of the food items already the or than otherwise the food to necessary. D411 the with the To the the or try to free that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to with high The the of
to switch off the supply or to the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the layers of Switch off the and the or the Turn the thermostat to the or the the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the to off the frost defrosting should as follows: the and their life. to Warning! Defrosting or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected defective. Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too Please the location" section. sections of the with the hand than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the To switch off the the to and as as trays. If the to or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. Switching off the If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the
Check the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the everything the back service. the thoroughly. Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning the to the of Cleaning and and reasons the including carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The back service. Ethereal and to the of or the from should cleaned regularly. from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to cool food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. Something Working allow such to with cleansers which cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with butyric If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off. Clean the and the with and with of to of Commercially used. D037