KA Instructions
customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the Supplementary information and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances Rear the to Initial Starting and shelves food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Customer Service Regulations,
The aspects of comply with technical and the Appliance Neverthe- to of the following information: The the It the cooling. If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or forpurposes other than the cooling, or of foods,please to the should the of please the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or
catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves other children the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. repaired service repairs to If please or Customer Service.
Appliance Information sound! They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should sed of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, sed of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from the authorities or town The and the protected and from the of the You of white
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN C C ST C C
reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction; Rear spacers the with the there spacers which fitted. the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws. the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the as follow: the (D). the (E) the fixing screws. the off the (H). NP005 PR153 PR185
the and the top off (D); (D) and the the to the the and remount them the other the top and the (H) the the (E) the the screws previously cover (F) from (D) the of the arrow and the (D), Unscrew the the with punch. Cover the with the the Attention: the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with D590 PR24 PR228
to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the sheat. cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
A- light B- Thermostat selector) and the of the the with tective earth Turn the thermostat (B), clockwise, the O(STOP) The light (A) light cating that the operation. Hightest (warmest Lowest the should chosen the that the the -the of food often the High and the to the to continuously. If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced.
shelves You should of the the lowest of the and the and this The height of the shelves To this the swivelledupwards or and Please the to the the front of the another to the rear. this to items the shelf below. the the food red, the to other or the food, the their them, and them back Fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round D338 D026
hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the Defrosting from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where that the located the of the the to the overflowing to foods the provided, which already the D037
Switching off the To switch off the turn the to If the to Switch off the turning the to tion the or switch off or the or Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the offand the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with
cleansers. the food from the Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" section). Switch the off and the from the or off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the increases tion. this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow to cool first. as as necessary. colder than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that using the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Customer Service. Appliance Appliance cools too too cold. Turn the to warmer temporarily.. The food too lighting Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the or or malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Light Please the "Chan- the Light section. necessary. Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to porarily. Please the tion location" section.
of frost, the The immediately the Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. D411 tight (possibly the hinges). Appliance The touching the or other the rear of the touching another of the or the This occurred. Water the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly. the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the "Cleaning and section.
Customer Service If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and telephone the accompanying Conditions/Customer Service Selective of and this reason the following information: This information found the plate the the of the (PNC) that this information that The bears the of service the Regulations, This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327