instructions SANTO TK
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/or with Warning!, Please the This the of the information and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information of Appliances Location the C the the C ompartment of the Appliance of the to Initial and Switching the Correct and Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically Defrosting the Compartment Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the Light Regulations, Technical Service and Customer Conditions
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the home. It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the
off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and food with to the food. Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling Warning mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced Instructions
or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which other- caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the If outlet of least and (A/B) the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white. the the the neath The as follows: Unscrew the screws (F) the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards (G). Unscrew the holding (H) and EG36 A/B C
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the slightly the rear and it securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the Unscrew the the the with punch. Cover the with the the AEG97 CA
the Compartment The necessary of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the outlet of the the include of isolat- the from the or with of The or If please Service Force AEG44
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the shelves Thermostat and light food food, to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest From food of +5C the and -18C the should enough as The the and regulated. At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or On this the fresh food the reliably and that of -18C the If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should promptly the thermostat to or the of the fresh food High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to of the only when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the AEG62
If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. Switching the To switch off the the to If the to and Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the shelf with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below.
The pulled and and other as with which and The every shelf To change, the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the The from the the or and the the the and the age back the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the age the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with and Food The and food. The the 18C or cold- fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked foods airtight or to
that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or it seconds. to that to the using pointed or the the Defrosting The Defrosts The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost
Defrosting Defrosting the Compartment and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or pointed to frost. The should defrosted when the of frost reached thickness of however least once when the or amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply. the from the outlet and neath to catch the You the defrosting with the and closing the of that they completely thoroughly the "Cleaning and section).
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything switch the ance back of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once with or cleaner.
the near or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Symptom Appliance switched or blown or Switch the malfunctions to corrected
The The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water What to Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the and Regulation section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that it correctly. the the slightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the ight Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The AEG65
This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher infor- mation AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer Appliances AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
Conditions Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of installation or AEG The or includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only stically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
AEG D-90327 to without