Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION SANTO TK
Dear customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the lowing This the operation of the Supplementary information operation and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information of Appliances the the of the Appliance of the Appliance to Initial Starting and Switching the Appliance Correct Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the Light Regulations, Technical Terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, accepted the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the the supply from the or Service Force the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that them- the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the operation this located phere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
If outlet of least and (A/B) the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws (F) the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards (G). Unscrew the holding (H) and AEG36 A/B C
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the AEG97 CA
The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the once the built the include of the from the or with of The or If please Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the plied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AEG44 GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of of the Appliance of the Appliance shelves Thermostat and light plate
to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and Starting and the to the electricity supply. the the internal lighting switched The the right of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest Lowest From food of C should ciently food the At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this turn the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. AEG62
Switching the Appliance To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the height. with shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below.
The pulled and and other as with which and sideways. The To the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the The from shelf the the shelf or and the the the and the back the Bottle with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the age the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost
Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything switch the back of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. colder than necessary. the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Symptom Appliance switched or blown or Switch the malfunctions to corrected
What to The tinuously. The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the Starting and Regulation section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly. the the slightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the Light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. Switch the back Operation The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. Humming as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard AEG65
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without