SANTO KA
Customer Thank choosing of high-quality products. With this the of functional and that to the performance and the highest of to this and aspects as of products. To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to and please to of the with The following this information concerning and information to the information and information
Appliance Information of Appliances the to the shelves Bottle-and Can of the and Can of the the food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning Rear the Regulations,
The aspects of comply with technical and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following information: The the It cooling food. If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling of foods, please regulations to the should the of please the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or boltcatches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the
the cleaning the switch it off and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. repaired service repairs to If please Service Force Appliance Information sound! They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of chlorofluorocarbon. The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the
The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The and the protected and from the of the with that to the shelves To them as follows: the shelf the of the arrow, the from the rear and freed and the
the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the Attention! the screws as the
to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or V~ to The rating plate the the correctly earthed the supply. The rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the or with of Attention: to the from the supply; the therefore easily the Attention: If the supply or assembly from the or its Service to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and A. ON/OFF B. warmer C. D. colder E. COOLMATIC function and COOLMATIC (yellow) ALARMOFF and light
The the B and D buttons. These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, B or D of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within hours. If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED ALARM OFF With the ALARM OFF the acoustic warning switched off, the when or rearranging food to the the the Press (A). The Press the B or D The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the B or D buttons section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the
C. From food of C should sufficiently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light QUICK CHILL The function the fast cooling of or bottles the cool or of amounts of food. The built-in charcoal reduces the of Chilling of or bottles or bottles the the front of the Turn the to and the COOLMATIC button. The light Chilling of food the food the the to and the COOLMATIC The light the or the food sufficiently cooled, the COOLMATIC The light the to the
Warning If the than the warning and acoustic tone sound. If to or rearrange foods, switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF The warning off when the closed. the the the approximately C. the therefore to the of the closed of absence. Unintentional, or closing of the who to Without activating the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) button. the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food products.
shelves You should of the shelf the lowest of the and the and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the height. the front of the another to the rear. To to items the below. the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the horizontally, closed bottles. This bottle shelf to previously bottles. To this, the shelf upwards and the higher
Chill Shelf The shelf the and Can The of the bottle and to of and bottles front of the To allow the to when the backwards. The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of the and Can the with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. the the food the to other or the food, the upwards their them, and them back
of the On the to its of life. The should the the turned The the the right of and turning the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover The should from the the To the performance the should once year with New purchased from The the and reached the cover. The cover the the right of the and turning the outward The then pulled of its The the existing The should from the
food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round hints: Meat types): and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the Defrosting from the of the every the The through the back of the the where
Switching off the To switch off, the ON/OFF This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The completely disconnected from the electricity supply when the from the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to and as as trays. Switch off the the ON/OFF (A). the or switch off or the or the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The switched back Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric
cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with and of the increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. colder than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat and the the of
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify using the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! to service repairs to the If please Service Force Appliance Appliance cools too too cold. The food too lighting of frost, possibly the Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the or blown or necessary. malfunctions to corrected properly of food the within the hours. The heat Please the Light the Light section. tight (possibly the hinges). Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location" section. the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the or Water shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light To switch off the the (A). the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the light with of the (the shown the light the light cover. the back operation. Malfunction Appliance The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the This occurred. the the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the "Cleaning and section.
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to following and telephone 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or futher information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or neglect, the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DONOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear spacers the rear spacers contained the to of heat operation. Proceed the
the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the as follows: To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. Gently the its back. the the (A) the fixing screws. the Unscrew the of the and the Unscrew the of the and the the the and the (A). that the of the to the top otherwise the of the of the (A). from the the cover and the
Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right- of the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the from right to Reposition, the least hour and then to the to the operations, Service Force. The Service the reversibility of the Attention: the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without