Top instructions SANTO TK TK
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with Warning!, Please the carefully. This the of the Supplementary information and tions of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances the of the Appliance of the buttons to Initial and COOLMATIC Coolmatic Malfunctions Switching off the shelves/glass shelves Correct Defrosting The Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It cooling and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or using of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the or the Warning the cooling Warning the top of the to the of the cavity of the through with the cold. housed within this cavity. If should these the this reason top of the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which other- caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the If of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white. the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the hand. the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K)
and the the and Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the (A) and Screw the securely the the screws (K). Unscrew the and the Cover the with the the tation The necessary of to the electricity should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the or with of The or If please Service Force AEG44
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the plied, ASTA (BS used. The the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow to the with the E or the earth or coloured and 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
of the Appliance of the shelves Light switch plate
of the light ON/OFF switch buttons warmer buttons colder COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC buttons These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL light to the of the DESIRED light flashing) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the or this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing light. ACTUAL The the that currently the or The ACTUAL indicated continuously light. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
operation, the currently the or (ACTUAL played, the light If the the warmer than the of the the lights the extinguished. the the currently flashes (DESIRED to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED field. +2C to +8C. From food of C should ciently food the The of information:
Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately currently the within the reached food immediately switching COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party. The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOL- MATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light If the COOLMATIC function switched the Malfunctions If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the flash. The to function using Service Force repaired the ance.
Switching off the To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. If the to Switch off the the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the or switch off or the electricity ply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves/glass shelves or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the height. with half-size shelves. items: the front of the another to the rear. this to items the below.
The pulled and and other as the with which and sideways. The every To the shelf with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the The from the the shelf it or and the the the and the back the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service.
of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once with or cleaner. the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. the heat the the rear of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force
What to Appliance stand-by and the lights the flash- Press (WARMER) Appliance cools too ton. The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or There malfunction. too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the Switch the malfunctions to corrected Inform Service Force the of the Please the and tion section. the only as as necessary. Press COOLMATIC Please the location section. Please the the light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that it correctly.
The immediately the COOLMATIC button, or the Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light and the screw. the back operation. Symptom Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water What to the the slightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and 3.Clear and of the 4.The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or futher information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply ted the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and stically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
The following characteristic of Clicks the switches or off, heard. Humming as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without