S75340KG98
To and performance of please this instruction It to perfectly and efficiently. To to this to, to please to of the information Children and people and cleaning Service Switching Switching off COOLMATIC function function FROSTMATIC function High Cleaning the of food shelves Positioning the shelves of from the information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people using the choosing of high-quality products. with hints and Normal Sounds food of food and cleaning cleaning Defrosting of the Defrosting of the What to the Closing the Technical Positioning Location Rear spacers the to without
thoroughly with its and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. CAUTION! clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the pliance, with high of compatibility, which theless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the information
information It to the or this to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. WARNING! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food with the food Appliance's should strictly to instructions. or the as the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the and the from the the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, clean the If the the of the follow the instructions If the If the
Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheat- To follow the instructions to Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced authorized Service and used. Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the ON/OFF switch COOLMATIC COOLMATIC If
FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC Switching the the ON/OFF switch to ON. The light flashes the reached. The acoustic sounds. Press the to the Switching off To switch the off: ON/OFF switch to OFF. the from the The information: operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the warmest displayed (ACTUAL the warmest normally located the top the front of the the section the other of the the flashing the currently (DESIRED the about hours the If there the the shows: or the of the the or the of the the To the as follows: the the The immediately the (DESIRED and the flashes. Each the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within hours. Once the the the ACTUAL the
responding The from flashing to of the food the following should C the C the the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching COOLMATIC function The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the To the function, these Press the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC switches The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. You the function Press the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC switches off. function This function allows to the and the without the formation of The when the function To the function: the the "H" appears the The function the +15C. The the To the function: the the FROSTMATIC function The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from To the function, these Press the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC switches The FROSTMATIC function of You the function Press the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC switches off.
First High the of the light to and sound. the to the sound, while the light to flash. The when the to while the light to flash. Press the The light and the the about seconds the warmest reached the First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the finish. of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking
shelves The of the with of that the shelves tioned as the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the only bottles. This bottle to previously bottles. To this the shelf upwards and the higher The and There the that to allow the to There the of the to the and from that the the cleaning
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as the the of the arrows free, then as required. of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their
hints and Normal Sounds You hear and sound when the through the or This correct. the the around and hear whirring sound and from the This correct. The thermic might cracking It physical phenomenon. This correct. the frequently or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this only top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw only the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; hints and
and cleaning allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food and cleaning CAUTION! the carrying operation. This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and clean to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply.
Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to clean the the of the to the flowing and the food the which ready the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the What to CAUTION! troubleshooting, the supply. or the troubleshooting that this There sounds The The properly. The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The incorrectly. What to the the four feet should the warmer
What to The too frequently. The too high. The too high. The FROSTMATIC function switched The COOLMATIC function switched Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. There too frost and The correctly. to "Closing the The incorrectly. The the too high. The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. The The connected to the correctly. the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The flow the the Products wrapped erly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the There the Products too near to each other. The switched off. Switch the the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the to "FROSTMATIC function". to "COOLMATIC function". This correct. that products the the to the the products higher the crease to products the that there the products that there the to the correctly.
The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the as the to the service. the CAUTION! Disconnect the from the the screw from the cover. outwards the of the the cover. the with of the (the shown the light cover). the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the light the Clean the If necessary, the to "Installation". If necessary, the the Service Technical The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the Technical to the Con-
WARNING! the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below or the of the WARNING! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. CAUTION! to this should or WARNING! This earthed. The should these
The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the coloured to the with the N or coloured the coloured to the with the L or coloured red. that or stray of and the the outer sheath. the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Switch the The with the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. WARNING! off serious (shock) that of
Rear spacers the with the there spacers which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. the that This the front. the with that to the shelves To them as follows: the shelf the of the arrow (A). the from the and freed (B). the (C). reversibility WARNING! carrying operations, the from the C
To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. the Unscrew the the the and to the other of the the the cover of the and to the other the of the the of the using the screw the and the and them the the the
the locking to the other of the other and screwing the screw the the other of the the the the the of the Unscrew the and the the the the the slightly both Re-screw the the the cover the cover Unscrew the and them the the cover and the cover to that: screws The to the The and correctly. If the the perfectly to the that the of the to the operations, the Service Force. The Service the reversibility of the
The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com To and please www.electrolux.co.uk www.electrolux.ie