SANTO C Integrated and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ
switching please these instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Working futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. Dear customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf of the Appliance and switch shelves Food and Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not the light Service and Conditions Positioning the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
the properly. At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance of Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them using the cover (D) (B) The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. the should the of please The contained within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from
the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the Service Operation (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information (C) (A) >PS< the which free of The from recycled and should of >PE< the covering and the the The plastics and as follows: waste-paper recycling location. sound. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children to the to as authorised the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws supplied.
and cover (D) to that of hinges. the with screws (C) the included with the the and the the of the and from the of the The and the protected Shelf Apply covers (B) the the from the back, the of the arrow with that to the shelves To them as follows: freed and the tion. Can shelves C shelf food Thermostat fresh food Compartment Compartment shelves of the Appliance the A, B, C, as shown
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and Lowest as the the thoroughly. off as and recommenced. Highest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food continuously. Starting and Apply the as shown Instructions building-in the housing (A) touches the that the the and the of
the the and the the Unscrew the and Unscrew the and the and them the the the Unscrew the and the and them the should the 16C to the switch caused the switch this of operation). Switch, located the switched to the light the and to the thermostat the Please that this C or the the closed. off Switch the front of the shelf and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to shelf. shelves Housing Height The pulled and and other as
Meat types): polythene and the shelf cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: Food This should only location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning and these should airtight or and these should thoroughly cleaned and the or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the provided. the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. this or the The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS the The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high tight to that they or their and that of Ice or burns food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as tridges the other food. ght from the to the food. and Food coloured red. coloured as follows: and Earth The wires the coloured with the the of the the of this with the coloured the the the outer sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious It to the thermostat when fresh food. the switch least hours food to the food the food to the bot- tom food items already otherwise foods the type, as as hours to of fresh food. the food to
the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the food. You There of the the cooling AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. or become the Company's property. This to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the with the To the the or to that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The to foods with high
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service necessary to switch off the supply or to the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation when the becomes thick the the food from the layers of Switch off the and the or the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the defrosting should as follows: the and cool the the the and collecting Once completed Turn the thermostat to the or the to off the their life. the to Warning! the frost Defrosting The purchase telephone service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: AEG Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Slough, SL1 1DZ High to this recorded
To switch off the the to Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and Switching the Appliance tional normally the food If, carrying the there with should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service of hours the please AEGService Force the mechanical or breakdown. reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Cleaning and Warning! There of the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light cover and the the light screw from the light cover. Switch the back the shown. screw. the Light carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! The back service. to the of from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! allow such to with cleansers which cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer casing of this cleaned with with Ethereal and or the from butyric food layers of newspaper. cool covered. food and the food from the Switch the off and the from the or switch off.
Appliance or Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. The food too properly within the hours. the of food to Turn the Appliance cools too too cold. to warmer Turn the corrected malfunctions to necessary. the as as section. Please the "Initial everything switch the back the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the the of frost, lighting The heat the tight Light the Light section. Please the rectly. the C). At the than the warmed sections of the with location" section. Please the the near or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. Water the or shelves. the immediately The occurred. This Water section. the "Cleaning and of The this to the the This to the within the 6C or the thermo- prolonged of and If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should only service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something
or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Clean the and the with and with of to of the thoroughly. Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too everything switch the back the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the Please the location" section. sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light defective. tight the The heat lighting of frost, the the or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. prolonged of and 6C or the thermo- This to the within the the to the this The of the "Cleaning and section. Water This occurred. The immediately the Water the or shelves. If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not
Switching the Appliance and the or switch off. or from the electricity supply. the to the of If the to and as as trays. To switch off the turn the to Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning tional normally the food If, carrying the there with should that the as the the Please that of purchase service of hours the please AEGService Force the mechanical or breakdown. Cleaning and should cleaned regularly. reasons the including Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, To switch off the the to To the light the Unhook the light cover as the light cover and the the light screw from the light cover. Switch the back the shown. screw. the Light Warning! Warning! from the electricity supply. to the of The back service. carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. which shock! butyric or the from Ethereal and cleansers which allow such to with with cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this only cleaned with Switch the off and the from the or switch off. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered.
the of service, or to purchase please routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and to switch off the supply or to the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the located the where The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this when the becomes thick the the food from the layers of Switch off the and the or turn the mechanical or to the of the food defrosting, thawing other than those recommended the defrosting should as follows: the and cool the the the and collecting Once defrosting completed Turn the thermostat to the or the to off the their life. the to Warning! the frost Defrosting please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or AEG Appliances to this recorded High SL1 1DZ Slough,
the cooling There of the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of it the food to become too hours. The this efficiently the the front, the food. You AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. Slough to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Preparation of Cubes and to seconds. the with the To the the or try to that to the pointed or the supplied. foods with high The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The to The the of
The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. the The the C or Please the capacity the rating The free- the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when Allow food to The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they or their and that of or burns food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as the other food. ght from the to the food. and Food The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. It to the thermostat when fresh food. the switch least hours food to the food the food to the bot- food items already otherwise foods the type, as as hours to of fresh food. the food to
Food hints: the To the performance: food that freely round food or the cover or the food, Meat types): polythene and the This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Positioning this or the shelf. foods, dishes, these should covered and the the and these should thoroughly cleaned and the or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight and these should airtight or The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the to the from the to the the the
Unscrew the and Unscrew the and the and them the the the Unscrew the and the and them the and the the the the should the 16C to the switch caused the switch this of operation). Switch, located the switched to the light the and to the thermostat the Please that this C or the the closed. off Switch the front of the and of the To height the The shelf the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and to shelf. shelves Height Housing The pulled and and other as
Starting and continuously. -the of food often the the to or of the regulated. Highest (warmest off as and defrosting recommenced. as the the thoroughly. the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the High and the to the to If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and Apply the as shown Instructions building-in the housing (A) touches the that the the and the of
the and the the of the the included with the (C) the with screws to that of hinges. and (D) and from the of the The and the protected Shelf Apply covers (B) the the from the back, the of the arrow with shelf that it to the shelves To them as follows: freed and the tion. Can shelves C food Thermostat fresh food Compartment Compartment shelves of the Appliance A, B, C, as shown the
Service the from the electricity supply. the cleaning the switch off the and the from the (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. Appliance Information serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force should to the Repairs inexperienced or cover (C) (A) of Appliances sound. recycling location. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of authorised to as to recycle the or to reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws supplied.
At the of to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance the properly. of Please this instruction the and reference. These the interests of ty, them the cover (D) (B) The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the Alterations or to the reasons of to that caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, Please to the off the and or catches, to allow to with the or with the from
switching please these instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions Additional information operation and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. customer, who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf of the Appliance and switch Accessories shelves Food and Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching the Appliance Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Positioning the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
Integrated SANTO C and Instructions High Street SLOUGH AEG SL1 1DZ