SANTO 86378-KG SANTO 86378-KG Instructions
please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliance the Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance Cold Block RESET MODE Text to Initial Initial SHOPPING FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC HOLIDAY Switching the Appliance
and Information Function the Compartment LONGFRESH C Chill Shelf Bottle- and Can of the Bottle- and Can Correct Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the light and Normal Sounds Food What to Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or the back of the overheat and fire. If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become
Instructions If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the Child allow to with the or with the Inform children of the and them the of the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the Inform children of this items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the to the fire and/or shock. Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children to country authorised Appliance to the the back of the the top to the plinth cover to To the plinth cover from the and then forwards. the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back and the easily pushed.
the the the plinth cover. that the and that the the plinth cover. and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. of the the back and together with the the enough that and the from the the To the amount of and to reduce the the mounted when the screws too tightly the The the front of the the and screws the To mount, the its back, necessary. of or as protection the Screw the top to the Mount the to the of the correctly Mount top the top of the and screw to
The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to the spacers from the and, with the them the top of the of the that the from the the Appliance The firm Please the screwing the front or the supplied. To this the plinth chapter Transporting the
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E or the earth or and The connected to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
There active the of the section. The cleans the the section and the LONGFRESH 0C section The active to wear and covered the warranty. and the active the the to life. the the first the the With the operating normally, the should once to function. New obtained from or from the To the the the right of the and the To the from the the the of the and the closed when the to The The to the location where the should the which the fixed. If this necessary, please Customer Services or charge Warning! from the the
Appliance of Appliance and with LONGFRESH C and plate with defrosting the as collecting and
the section there the from the top. It both the top and the from the top. and the The and their The then or Cold Block with the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cools the top the front the food. If the section the food together as tightly as that the of the the food food, the the already food to defrosting to the of the food that the the top of the food to cold. The cool to the of food to the section to Initial the of the Appliance
Appliance ON/OFF section section LONGFRESH C section) section Thermometer section (with COOLMATIC) MODE button the operating Text RESET section section section Thermometer section (with FROSTMATIC) buttons The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). Each of the the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the or the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers.
ACTUAL means: The the the or the The ACTUAL cated with numbers. Once the COOLMATIC- or the FROSTMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally the or the the the section (ACTUAL The the whole section the section the warmest (ACTUAL the warmest normally located the top the front of the section. the section the other of the section. While the the currently and section the (DESIRED the about hours the there warning the the RESET activated, the seconds the warmest the food reached. If there the the shows: or the of the the or the of the the RESET With the RESET the acoustic switched off, the warning when or the food to or there warning the the RESET activated, the seconds the warmest the food reached. The shows of information. Appliance
Appliance MODE operating using the MODE The following operating selected: SHOPPING: C hours, cooling section hour operation. FROSTMATIC: Cooling the section hours operation. COOLMATIC: C hours. FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC: Cooling section hours operation, C hours. HOLIDAY: C. Normal operation to the Press MODE once. the the operating SHOPPING flash. seconds the flashing, the operating SHOPPING If another operating to seconds the MODE repeatedly the shown the seconds the flashing, the operating If the MODE the operating appears the To to operation, the MODE repeatedly appear the Text The of the operating that with the MODE and the indicating or appear the text SHOPPING, FROSTMATIC, COOLMATIC, FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC, HOLIDAY, field when operating normally. DOOR OPEN when the of the too TEMPERATURE when there warning POWER displayed SERVICE displayed
to Initial the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please clean the and to section: and The correctly with the "Installation" the first should that the and with the rating the from the the the of C reached, and allow to hours the the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial Press and the ON/OFF The and the back lighting light the sounds, TEMPERATURE appears the and the back lighting flashes red. Switch off and back lighting RESET The TEMPERATURE the the below the warning the factory: C the section, C the section. the to the section: to shortly switching the the reached. the section operating and the section switched off, the switched of the section buttons or the to C or section: with of C reached, or the light With the the the and the of another. the LONGFRESH C the It about C, required. with cooling function the section and the LONGFRESH C section. of this This there or
Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the Each the the C. the C to C. the C to C, C the section C and the section C sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the or The from flashing to numbers. The lighting switches when touched. If button pressed, the lighting switches off Please the and the that the The when the pulled or there supply. reconnected to the supply, the the the of the to the supply.
the MODE operating selected. The operating switched off manualled each To this, the MODE repeatedly there appearing the the operating completed, the to with the as the the flashing the operating with the MODE SHOPPING The SHOPPING function cooling of foods the section, as as amounts of foods the section, This of C the section hours. Cooling the section hour operation. Press the MODE repeatedly SHOPPING flashing the seconds the operating SHOPPING activated, the SHOPPING lights Both thermometer the The SHOPPING function switched off hours. The SHOPPING FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function of fresh food products, and the protects previously the The cooling of the section about operation.
Press the MODE repeatedly FROSTMATIC flashing the seconds the operating FROSTMATIC activated, the FROSTMATIC lights The thermometer the the section shows The operating FROSTMATIC switched off the the hours. The FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC operating cooling of foods the section, or Press the MODE repeatedly COOLMATIC flashing the seconds the operating COOLMATIC activated, the COOLMATIC lights The thermometer the the section shows The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESI- RED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The the ACTUAL FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC the FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC functions combined, of C the section hours. Cooling the section hours operation. Press the MODE repeatedly FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC flashing the the seconds the operating FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC activated, the FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC light Both thermometer the The functions FROSTMATIC and COOLMATIC switched off: COOLMATIC hours, FROSTMATIC hours the The accordingly.
HOLIDAY the operating HOLIDAY the the section C. the therefore to the of the closed of absence. Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to With- the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To switch the the MODE repeatedly HOLIDAY flashing the seconds the operating HOLIDAY activated, HOLIDAY lights the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food If, while the below C the should operated the operating HOLIDAY, switched off and the To to operation, the MODE repeatedly there appearing the Switching the Appliance and switched off of another. To switch the off, and the ON/OFF both displays there countdown from to reached, OF then the section and the section switched off. The displays the countdown completed, the switch-off releasing the ON/OFF
Switching off section when section switched Press and the and buttons the section the There countdown from to then OF appears the The section switches off. To switch the section or Switching off section when section switched off: Press and the and buttons the section the There countdown from to then OF appears the The section or the whole switches off. the countdown completed, the switch-off releasing the and buttons. the section switched off, the operating that activated while the section operating FROSTMATIC. Switching off section when switched Press and the +and the buttons the section the the the section there countdown from to Then OF appears the The section switches off. To switch the section or Switching off section when switched off: Press and the +and the buttons the section the There countdown from to then OF appears the The section or the whole switches off. The completely from the electricity when the from the If the to Switch off and holding the ON/OFF the or switch off. Defrost and clean the thoroughly section: and Cleaning"). the to of Switching the Appliance
and Information The and information of displays, and acoustic The when there when the the the or too high; there functional with the interruption to the supply, POWER the and the The to with the selected The POWER as as pressed. warning the or sounds and the DOOR OPEN and back lighting flash. when the about when the about If to or food or to the and the flashing light the RESET button. If the the section or section the RESET the and the flashing light section or section If the that, the If the RESET third the switched off The DOOR OPEN when the closed.
warning the section: sounds and the TEMPERATURE and back light flash, as as the the section C. If the the section below C, the switches off. The TEMPERATURE and the back lighting to flash. You switch off the and warning light with the RESET seconds the the section shows the warmest that reached the section the warning. that the flashing and switches back to the the section. The TEMPERATURE to flash, as as there warning. the section: sounds and the TEMPERATURE and back lighting flash, as as the the section C. If the the section back below C, the switches off. The TEMPERATURE and the back lighting to flash. You switch off the and the back lighting with the RESET seconds the the section shows the warmest that reached the section the warning. that the flashing and switches back to the the section. The TEMPERATURE to flash, as as there warning. If there interruption to the when the reconnected to the supply, with acoustic and If the of or thawing should the of the foods. caused by: of with of foods; high with the and Information
Function If the technical that to the Customer Service sounds and the SERVICE appears back with flashing light. The indicates: or the of the the or the of the the the RESET switch off the and the flashing light. The SERVICE to as as there malfunction. the Compartment If the closed when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
The shelves to heights: the or and To height the The pulled and and other as LONGFRESH C The LONGFRESH C consists of with to the the LONGFRESH C the It about C, required. The of around C and the that Compared to the fresh food the LONGFRESH C while the High of and and retained. and reduced. food higher as The LONGFRESH C defrosting food. If this, the defrosted food the LONGFRESH C to To the section the of the The then to the Dry food).
Accessories the The of another with higher or to the The with the of the the front of each Dry: relative obtained when both to the high obtained when both to the closed. The the the of the food and often the Chill Shelf The shelf of the To the performance the should the from the top. Bottle- and Can The of the bottle- and to of and bottles front of the To the to when the shelf backwards. The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of the and Can the with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf.
The function the cooling of or bottles the cool or of amounts of food. Chilling of or bottles or bottles the the cool front of the the to and the COOLMATIC function. Chilling of food the food the the to and the COOLMATIC function. the or the food sufficiently cooled, off the COOLMATIC function. to this function activated, forced the and the the to C. hours the COOLMATIC function automatically. The light Turn the to its Bottle with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
Correct cooling of the food and the and the LONGFRESH C with perishability therefore the shelves as without to account the which usually The of food. to the the shelves the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to colder further information food and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food that to should the LONGFRESH C and such as that to such as tomatoes, beans, or the LONGFRESH 0C section
foods the LONGFRESH C Food to to fresh to to to Shellfish to Poultry to to to to to to Peas to to to to to to Radishes to to to Correct to to
Correct Tips: the freshest foods. Quality and to food and wrapped and quickly: Shellfish and off than and off than meat. them the 0C section, the these increased to without of quality. food that the LONGFRESH C should from the and and the of the food increased. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with Apricots to Pears to to (fresh) to to to to Cherries to to to to to to
To the performance from food or the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the which and the fresh food. Warning! foods the the C or Please indicated the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating amounts of food, the the front of the the section the already food. foods which further (cooked the the together as tightly as to of and the top. foods with them. to airtight that they their and there of to other foods. the food to the top Non-frozen already as otherwise the using the capacity, the operating FROSTMATIC hours with amounts to hours The FROSTMATIC to of of to
The switch the FROSTMATIC off of hours the You the FROSTMATIC operating manually switching to operation. Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of these quickly. to the with or Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of If the section the food together as tightly as This that the retained the food the of to type
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high Preparation of Cubes with and and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with or or Defrosting and LONGFRESH C The the defrosting the every the The the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where
Defrosting Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or pointed this The should defrosted when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once defrosting when the empty, or only loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the operating to FROST- MATIC to the operation. with to the them layers of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off the and from the or from the electricity supply. the the directly front of the to the from the from its resting the of the and as shown. to the defrosting process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly the as as section: and
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with products. Cleaning If the to cleaned, the operating to FROSTMATIC hours to the the service. the the operating to FROSTMATIC hours to the food the service. with to the food, of newspaper and covered, cool the top of the food to cold. Switch off the and from the or from the electricity supply.
and Cleaning Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Clean the and with and of to of The shelf, which the from the LONGFRESH C cleaning. To this, the shelf straight The cover the cleaning cleaning, to the that the function of the LONGFRESH C section retained. and thoroughly. the and clean to they and from Cleaning Warning! There the of the should when cleaning. products the outer with and thoroughly. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the these. The of protects and therefore cleaning and products of the increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. everything back service.
the light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and the ON/OFF the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and the flows of created the Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
What to Service Force the following to the Appliance cools too The the too high. the POWER displayed. shows or the SERVICE played. Warning tone sounds, the DOOR OPEN and back light flashing Warning tone sounds, back light flashing. TEMPERATURE flashing the function. The lighting switches off Symptom there the there the household lights. the too cold. Temporarily higher the within the operating the to There Please whether the or whether the tripped section and information the of the food. There function Please Service Force the of the warning. Please and Information section. section or section. Please and Information section. Please to Light section.
of frost. The continuously to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The Symptom If the airtight the apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. This the of
This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without