SANTO Combination Instructions
operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the lowing This and instructions the of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance with "Cold buttons to Initial Initial COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC Switching the Appliance
and Information Warning Warning Function the Compartment and Correct Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the light What to Correcting Malfunctions Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once it or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to to country authorised Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office
Appliance to the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white
the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the shelf to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the
the the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the Location The should and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the
The following shows which each The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to Appliance The Please the turning the the front. of SN to C to C ST to C to C
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the plinth from the to the right. the the and the screw the the top of the With the closed, the head screws from the and the
The the from the right to the hand the to the front and Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the to the
Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the force and the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the force and the screws as the the self-closing to the of the The
The the the top and the the of the and to the housing. the self-closing the top of the the the and the with the the of the and the and the plinth.
Appliance of Appliance and with compartment/bottle and the as collecting and or
Appliance with "Cold with tion and included below the the to the section to Initial the of the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cool to the of food the The and their The then or
ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer colder COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC cooling the COOLMATIC ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer colder FROSTMATIC light FROSTMATIC the FROSTMATIC Warning light (red) WARNING OFF section: and Information Appliance
Appliance buttons These buttons to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). of the buttons the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the or the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the or the The ACTUAL cated with numbers. operation, the currently the or the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the or the currently (DESIRED If there the the shows: the of the the the of the the The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. The displays shows of information.
to Initial the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and the from the the or the of C reached, and allow to hours the the or the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
The and operated and of another. Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the tone sounds and the flashing warning light that the reached. Press the WARNING OFF to switch off the the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. Compartment Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the tone sounds and the flashing light that the reached. Press the WARNING OFF to switch off the warning to C or colder section: with of C reached, or the
With the buttons the the and the of another. Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) the or The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) button. To to the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the Each the the C. From food of C the and C the should enough as the buttons further the switches and displays the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. the the ately currently Please warning and to the of the
COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC MATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and or The COOLMATIC function switched pressing the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function allows of fresh food products, and the protects previously the The FROSTMATIC function switched pressing the FROSTMATIC The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually press- the FROSTMATIC The yellow light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light
Switching the Appliance and switched off of another. To switch off, both the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the and switch off. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off and holding both ON/OFF buttons about seconds. the or switch off. Defrost and thoroughly section: and the defrosting to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the the closed to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food
and Information The and information of and acoustic warning. The the the the or too high; there functional with the Warning If the or the warning and acoustic warning tone sound seconds the the If to or rearrange or foods, switch off the warning tone the WARNING OFF button. If the the tone sound the of the of If the than the warning tone switch off automatically. The warning off when the closed. Warning the The warning flashes and tone sounds as as the the to than C. You switch off the warning tone the WARNING OFF The and tone switch themselves off cally when the the to below C. this, the tone switches off passed.
the The flashes and tone sounds as as the the to than C. the flashes. You switch off the tone using the WARNING OFF The flashing and displays the that reached the the seconds the to the The warning tone switches off the the to than C. The warning and the to flash. passed. The and the to flash. If the of or should the of the foods. Function If the the technical that to rectified Service Force the indicates: the of the the the of the the the Compartment If the when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
Accessories shelf the the and It this that and fresh The shelves to the shelf or and To height the Bottle bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles.
To this the bottle upwards, then the front the The pulled and and other as and The and with included with with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
Correct physical reasons, the The the lowest immediately the and Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the shelf with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to colder further information food cool and published the Ministry of Fisheries and Food and obtained of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which and the fresh food. Warning! foods the the C or Please indicated the rating The capacity the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the capacity indicated the rating of food, the the front the top the chamber. foods which further (cooked the capacity the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to thaw. The switch the FROSTMATIC tion off of hours. light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC
Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of these foods to the with or Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type Preparation of Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with pointed or or
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the and pre-treating The to foods with high Defrosting The The the defrosting the as based and the of Defrosting or the of the of when the the of and of The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where evaporated. Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or pointed this The should when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once year defrosting when the empty, or loaded.
Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the interruption tion. with to the them layers of newspaper, them and them cool Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. the the plinth the section). the directly front of the to the from defrosting and the to the process, of the addition, of that thoroughly the as as section: and Defrosting
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning If the to cleaned, the FROSTMATIC hours to the the service. the About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the interruption tion. with to the them layers of newspaper, cover them and them cool Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and from the the of the chamber with the of of wire.
and Cleaning Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. household to clean the This protective allow the to with the the as them. of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner. the light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF about seconds. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! repaired trained Repairs to the Please Service Force repairs or service. to the The the too high. shows rectangle. Warning tone sounds, warning and flashing. The continuously Symptom there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the correctly to There function Please inform Service Force the of the Please and Information section. the using the and to that the closed. of food recently the and/or frequently that obstructed.
function. The lighting switches off Water the or shelves. of frost. to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The necessary with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom Please to the Light section. Water the "Cleaning and tion. If the airtight the apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity or stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL1 1DZ recorded
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without