Information Please This Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of Record Reference Purchase with to You or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information Products, Inc. Charlotte, NC Table Information and Features................................. and Theater Lighting............................. Food Cleaning Warranty Information To Common
Instructions Precautions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. nitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER which, death or serious WARNING which, death or serious CAUTION potentially which, or injury. Indicates installation, operation, or information which hazard-related. Please instructions or or other this or other and other the the of with of the from the to injury. Staples they with other or Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily and Please the below. of strongly with or www.recyclemyoldfridge.com information recycling recycle or of the the shelves and children easily and service technician.
Information You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the or switch the that to the to the off cleaning and light or LED light. Performance affected the or the with insuf the covered warranty. the switch or to the from turned off To to the the or switch the that to the to the off
and Terms and exibility. The below to with with and terminology. to Theater LED Lighting Custom Cool Perfect Theater LED Lighting with and Custom Light Switch Shelf with Shelf
You the following This and operating instructions service or contracting professional to the as instructed this the follow these Location Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to DO NOT the where the below 40F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the of If with the to allow the Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and inch Top and inch Allow to with the The to themselves within
Mounting Instructions from and other protective fresh food and shoulder (A) that While holding and screws (B) with wrench there and screws should the screw below the of the The should tight to and with the while the screw The or improperly. If this the screws the To the head screwdriver and the screws holding the to the Then the from the The corners resting The enough to It VERY IMPORTANT to to function properly. If the installation, the and or properly, causing cooling, frost or instructions C C Toe Screws
To The While its back the location of the four each corner. These to the and to the height. to the from front to back and to to allow the and to with the to to Instructions Matching of four and and necessary. from to of and height matches. One of four of clearance. This least of the to properly built-in with the to the height and spacing. or wrench to the screw the of the The to with the the to each other. the with wrench and screw with screwdriver. the then the screws securely. below.) The The To the the If the than the the turning the screw clockwise inch wrench. below.) If the than the the turning the screw clockwise inch wrench. below.)
and If It recommended to people to or the assembly from the the or switch the that to the to the off the top cover. the while the top from the the head from the top with wrench or the upwards and and from the free of the mounted the front of the To the the and securely screws to The Custom COOL DOWN PERIOD food allow four hours to cool completely. The continuously the hours. CUSTOM SET ELECTRONIC CONTROL The Custom located the factory to satisfactory food the to of To the the UP warmer and DOWN the Allow hours the to The 33F (1C) and 46F (8C). the TEMP MODE the F to C. To the OFF, the UP the warmest of shows the Then the UP three within three seconds to turn the OFF. The then OFF the To the back ON, the DOWN three within three seconds. The then and to the Plate
DOWN Custom the REPLACE AIR FILTER LED the to replaced. The hours of operation. the the the AIR FILTER seconds. The REPLACE AIR FILTER LED three seconds, To the the the CONTROL LOCK three seconds LO displayed second. With the locked, when the LO displayed. To the the CONTROL LOCK three seconds. The UL second. The POWER FAIL light informs that to the If the than hour, the showing the and DURATION LED the and the or C every second. This what food action to The light and turned off the ALARM OFF UP LO F HRS HI TEMP DURATION
There four that the tone to sound. High If the the hour or of operation, the HI TEMP LED the HIGH TEMP sound and the shown the The LED and active the below The turned off ALARM OFF This sound to that the or The DOOR AJAR LED and the sound the closed. The turned off the ALARM OFF or closing the If the the light off. The that with The sound hour and the E8 or E9 and 33F (1C) The then that the that the factory The turned off the ALARM OFF The sound the reads than seconds. The sound and to and automatically. The E7 and 33F (1C) The then that the that the factory the The off the ALARM OFF Turning
The that of the and its with the of the Sabbath and religious within the community. To initiate or the CONTROL LOCK and TEMP MODE the and three seconds. The and the rmation tone sound. AC while the the automatically. displayed. While the pressed. the of food the HIGH TEMP active and other Sabbath features. further and of with the please the
located of the The cover located the right of the should the with EAFCBF months to of The purchased the ICON or free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX with to to To The the front of the cover. This releases the cover to the and the and the of the housing. the cover the closed off Theater LED Lighting The lighting features LED lights that intensity the the or switch the that to the to the off LED light. To LED: the or switch OFF the supply the LED cover and then from the From the of the LED cover, the the with screwdriver. the of the LED. with LED and the and Theater Lighting of Connector to Release
Custom shelves to or The spacers that the shelves and To The front the shelf the of the the the the and Cool This with Cool of meats, and other items. With The located the of the and other fresh items and then them the Items with or high should wrapped items within the To the or Cool the cover from the to With both the front of the releases from the the from the when with the HIGH HUMIDITY, or without This incoming to and Cool Cover
This with that to To the straight the the the the the top of the fresh food of or The to warmer than the to these of food. Perfect The to The to and other items. Shelf The shelf to commonly items such as seasonings and
Food Ideas Food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where trapped food Meat meat and securely and of other foods or Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat-producing such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the ciently. that the tightly. to the SETTING THE TEMPERATURE CONTROL section the overcrowd the or Doing the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as Short the operating vacations of than three If the months: food and the cord. Clean and the thoroughly. the slightly, necessary, to and the follow these to the from the foods, then and the items such as and shelves them securely to the vehicle, upright to of with or Cleaning clean to build-up. immediately and clean least scouring brushes, cleaners or dishwasher. the the straight the from to as this tear or the covering. to with or
Turning the to OFF off the to the LED lights or other the or switch the that to the to the off or other which scratch the when from or with of and or, the with the of already the Not cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other scouring brushes, cleaners or dishwasher. the CARE AND CLEANING CHART Cleaning and of of and to wring of or cloth and cleaning around light or with cloth. and cloth to and tracks. and items dishwasher. and and Non Only) Allow to to household cleaners, or to cloth to smooth cloth to smooth CHLORIDE to Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. with towel, and cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth. and Ammonia Cleaners Cleaning
Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4
Troubleshooting service, this It and This includes that the of workmanship or this Correction too or too too cold. too LO displayed E7, E8, E9 displayed Sound sound whenever sound when or cracking sound when To Common that ground to OFF. or House blown or tripped or weather recently disconnected of amount of or food recently. too or too slightly too worn, cracked or poorly tted. too too too or too slightly amount of or food recently. recently of locked. The The increased and They heavy operates higher the of the ON and as another If about the technician. SETTING THE TEMPERATURE CONTROL section. tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. or weather recently disconnected of amount of or food recently. too or too completely closed. too dirty, worn, cracked or poorly tted. to warmer Allow hours the to to Allow hours the to the to the DOOR PROBLEMS. the chance to reach its selected hours to cool completely. Press the CONTROL LOCK three seconds to toll-free the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX Pressing the CONTROL LOCK and TEMP MODE to This the surrounding might hear the while cools the interior. This Sound off or as to This Sound off or as to
To Common Correction Sound (Continued) or sound. or Water Lighting Light and tight completely to the top and front-to-back Toe properly attached to corners to throughout the It the when slightly. or touching the Weather and which increases internal of frost slightly too or too frequently. to cleaned. with the It the when slightly. or The LED or light reaching the displayed This the to LEVELING the FIRST STEPS section. the or of the or slightly. to LEVELING the FIRST STEPS section. This DOOR PROBLEMS. the Clean with and the food tightly. This force the of and the to LEVELING the FIRST STEPS section. the or of the Follow LED LIGHTING the REFRIGERATOR FEATURES section. REFRIGERATOR DOES NOT RUN. TEMP MODE and CONTROL LOCK seconds. House turned food