French February
Information Please and this choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com and tight completely to the top and inch front-to-back Toe properly attached to corners House turned Table of Information the Connecting the Water Food and Normal Sounds the Water and and Cleaning Common Concerns Warranty Ice House supply connected to Ice turned ON operates correctly with housing food and
instructions Precautions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or injury. IMPORTANT Indicates installation, operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions using or or other this or other and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with sheets, or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with or information recycling or of the the shelves and children easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the firmly and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the cleaning and light or LED light. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the outlet switch or to the from turned off IMPORTANT To off to the from the
and and flexibility. The below to with with and *Luxury-Design TM Items PTD) *LED Light *LED Light Water Shelf NOTE to shown without cover. Light *LED Light IMPORTANT included with purchased www.electroluxappliances.com or *Luxury-Design TM *Perfect TM (PTD) or *Cool TM (with Toe
You the following This and operating instructions using service or contracting professional to the as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of Allow the following clearances ease of and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both
around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to and the the (A). the the the (B). to the Head Screw Not Other Screws Head Screw Tighten four screws. Then necessary) positioning of four corners of the the The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front Head Screw Not Other Screws Head Screw At From Both To the the front Slightly the and You or each inch wrench to turn the screws To screw clockwise. To lower: turn screw counterclockwise. both with their touching the four and that the the
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. to location. with the Stop screw. location To the the food items from to or screw. Screw (where NOTE should only with Screw or Screw of
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counterclockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering the screw, where the of the washer. Screw tight, with the NOTE If higher the sound, screw and with the the Screw (where To the the screw located the Screw height. with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Height screw.
Removing the through If through the first the To the the from the the and the Installation section). food from the shelves and the To the Trace lightly around the top with This Disconnect the both of the firmly, the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the hinge and it Unscrew the three screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (please the Installation section and the top cover. CAUTION where they and or to the or screws right and screws each Head Screw Head Screw CAUTION heavy. when and to Not Other Screws Not Other Screws Head Screw Head Screw
With pulled each each Assembly the four screws tighten and (C). Screws around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to and the the (A). the the the (B). to the the Then Tighten four screws. From Both At
Mounting Instructions from protective fresh food (A) and shoulder (B) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (C) with wrench. and to the the screws facing the first Position and right shoulder that to the the the screws facing While holding and right screws (C) with wrench. NOTE To that with that screws completely tightened. Mounting Mounting
WARNING To shock, which death or injury, the from supply to the CAUTION To Property or recommended the Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply DO NOT supply where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly IMPORTANT that supply comply with the supply wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT type or thread and supply to the NOTE with building authority and associated to building recommends with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing recommends its Choice (with Water with Please to www.electroluxappliances.com information. Connecting the Water To supply to Disconnect from of supply or Turn ON and supply clear. Turn OFF supply shutoff from and If then supply supply as as inch and another with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To or the On/Off switch to the ON (fresh food Water to from household supply (Include enough to allow cleaning.) Water Bracket Water
IQ-Touch TM light active features. the to the options below. NOTE to Activates food. Increases the of Press and three seconds to when Press and three seconds to Touch to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds when the Warning active. such as and tones to their tory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to clean the It off the The displays OFF. this switch (light lowest If appears the the this the light off and heater to reduce the the Conserves increasing the This activated Vacation manually activated when the IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off turn off to You the from the cooling Press the or to the to the The to with the first The seconds and to the If the of sound and the the of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of active Press this to High the of high the and HI. the sound and the high the of the The sounds pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached displayed and the operation. the high acknowledged the first sound when the first the sound repeated. the of the displayed and the the sounds pressed, acknowledg- the Other off the acknowledged. The turned off and the operation. The high operating reached
IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. turned ON and OFF and holding the and the seconds. The shows while Sabbath the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org NOTE While neither the lights the deactivated. recovery. It deactivated with the the NOTE the turned off board. and the Perfect TM The Perfect TM should turned off the the the the Perfect TM off the on/off The OFF and the turn off. Then the function the the IQ-Touch section. the and the off. The as this the of the Perfect TM to turned back NOTE If the Perfect TM turned off to the to to the the to that
operation the properly, the within hours. It completely about three using the the first and the to properly, to clear from Once allow the to completely, then the first TWO FULL of It least to completely the or The approximately four pounds of every hours IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the to off. the chattering when to without Turning the and off lifting/lowering the To to the the the to the OFF and the to ON. If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the arm. The following sounds when the Water or closing too Empty the as below. Function with Function, that activated interface, allow increase You to CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the Empty and the with or cleaners. with Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together. the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the To the completely
Shelf features CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to includes shelves that to catch and You easily the fresh food to The shelves mounting that to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front and the the mounting the the and TM Shelf includes of These located the of the fresh food and other fresh include the the when with the Higher Humidity. when with the Humidity.
To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. Perfect TM The Perfect TM to food items whether cooler, warmer, or the as the food section of the The thaw thawing foods At the of that then switches to the to the food. To To and off, the On/Off The 28F and 42F when and OFF when off. Press F/C to F, or C Press the or to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. turned off, the Perfect TM as The Perfect TM food products. and of the Removing Cool TM with meat of meat items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to higher humidity. The three selections to and The the or buttons. The the selected The to the three (3)seconds. Deactivate three (3)seconds the
IMPORTANT DO NOT the of the Perfect TM with or cleaners. with CAUTION The Perfect TM and cover cleaning the attached to the right of the the Perfect TM cover or dishwasher. Clean with cloth or To the Perfect TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off the IQ-Touch TM on/off the Perfect TM turned off. the back the Perfect TM operations the that the turned off. The to fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. the To the of food. the with both and upward. the the the locked The allow to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce Can
the covered the top of the fresh food of or The covered to warmer than the and includes cover that and To items from to its and To the the front of the the the NOTE If resting the properly. To items from the and from the To Shelf The (located the of the to
the front of the and the of the and To the and to location. The to NOTE should
Food and Ideas foods food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where food items and items that or high Meat meat and and securely to and of other foods or the Cool TM or Perfect TM and to meat/poultry short-term meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the to that purchased food the as as Activating fast efficiently the selected purchases with foods. too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat- such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and Cover foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as directly shelf. such the
the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds noticeable. The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. sound produced, hear the Water activation sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Perfect TM light operation. light operation. Perfect TM Turns off when or Perfect TM turned off. Normal Sounds NOTE sound
the Water and with and The the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About advanced with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that Rated Capacity Rated service Rated pounds inch Recommended pounds inch 33F, 100F Water The located the of the fresh food PureAdvantage TM should the every months to the highest The Water light the Touch to the the month The light this performance tested or NSF. If of the the The TM NGFC-2000 tested and NSF International to NSF/ANSI and the reduction of specified the performance It to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the the release the to the straight of the housing and Unpack the and the protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. Water
the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Press and the the three seconds. the from to the the and the to properly, to clear from Once allow the to completely, then the first TWO FULL of It least to completely the or the Water and Water The located the TM To of should the months (the light the to the months). the the and Unpack the and the housing. To the the top and to the closed. Press and the the three (3)seconds. the from to the The off seconds. www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when first Water FC-300 TM Cartridge EWF01 EAFCBF
and Cleaning Protecting investment its appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least year. NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners, or CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. NOTE If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the of plate warranty. the the correctly. This the from CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the to with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of
and cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and with cloth. and cloth to clean and tracks. items dishwasher. and Toe and Only) and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or perishable items from Turn off and Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and food and If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching and and of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or Allow to to both and with cloth or and and household cleaners containing bleach or to clean Non cloth to smooth cloth to clean smooth and CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to Clean front and with cleaners and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth. cord. Turn supply to closed Clean thoroughly. to and build-up. necessary. and Cleaning
and Cleaning LED Lights Both the and fresh food of include LED lights. To LED Lights: cord. light cover and the LED cover with hand and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and or facing outward of fresh food NOTE LED lights or lights light Light Both the and fresh food of include light that from lights covers that to the that lighting. CAUTION Wear when light to LED Light LED Light To light cord. Wear protective light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. LED Lights www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when Lights Lights Lights Wall Lights LED Light,
If with or or that to service to this section with the following this information includes and Concern Common enough together. Light Not On Concern Common Light Concern Common Concern Common It the to Common Concerns turned off. connected to or The supply The seated properly. The with or restricted than The with The supply or restricted the that the enough. hollow of with The hollow the and their existing which to together. Light or LED light reaching lights or both too to cleaned. Food with when slightly. from the the from closing. Food touching top of Turn the fresh food and the seconds the off. the the arm. the to the household supply and the supply that the supply when the the and the to the that hear If or or the months or should replaced. Turn off household that Clean necessary. The fresh food and each pounds of every hours If than or the months or should replaced. that the supply when the the Turn off household that Clean necessary. the item and release arm. that together the arm. and The fresh supply. should least to the separated. This when the enough This the of the Light or LED lights and Cleaning section. Concern section, Operations. and to lights. Cleaning Tips. Cover food tightly. to foods with routinely and and the to or or food items food or redistribute food.
Common Concerns Operations Concern Common too or too displays flashing. Too Cold Concern Common too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food Food Meat Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House or tripped the or weather recently disconnected of operating. too or too slightly too found of Fresh food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. This with high-efficiency, performance function activated. too cold. Ice function activated. too cold. to warmer Allow too cold. Meat too cold. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off This The about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. This and off to Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to It the to of service who or flashing the displays. Deactivate function. to warmer Allow hours to It the to while Deactivate Ice function. hours to Meat to warmer Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of
Too Concern Common too too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Cool TM or Perfect TM too Water/Moisture/Frost Concern Common collects of walls. Water collects of cover. collects of collects of or Common Concerns too or too slightly too to Allow hours too to colder Allow too to Weather and slightly too or too and off the of the to Washed and while the and their Weather slightly causing from to from the whenever the the section, of to hours to The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of often to allow internal to covered. items them the Water collecting of Routinely clean and they to This weather. Press to reduce the the lower, the should and the to off. section, of
Warranty covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such installed, used, and with the instructions. the and sealed or of covered through year warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, to, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Appliance Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4