Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information Table of Information Please and this reference of instructions information Location clearances positioning of The through Mounting Instructions Connecting The Water Supply About supply features and Wave-Touch TM Wave-Touch TM /IQ-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM Shelf features Meat items bottle Can Water the supply To the supply the Turning the and off Ice Cleaning the The Locating the the the about NSF To PureAdvantage TM Food Ideas foods Ideas Normal Sounds Sights the sounds hear Protecting investment cleaning light Warranty To Common
instructions WARNING Please instructions or or other near this or other and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with sheets or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other wrapping immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child Suffocation: These to the Whether or temporarily hours), and Please the below. throw the the shelves easily service technician. information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC- The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three- The with and ordinances. or If the should the service or to the the cord. the firmly, and straight from the to the cord. the cleaning and light to shock. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the outlet switch or to the from turned off to Ground (GFI) IMPORTANT To off to the from the
This operating instructions the as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of clearances Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both the and positioning of four corners of the the The should the front and rear. The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front To the using the front both and the
the and screwdriver or inch wrench to or the front both bind-free with their touching the four To the the If the than the the turning the screw clockwise. If the than the the turning the screw clockwise. the
The through If through reduce its the first the You the following Top Screw To the the from the both and the (as the Instructions that with food from the shelves. the To the top cover: the three screws from each cover the top hinges. cover straight and off. Top Rear Screw Necessary: Top Screw Screw AND OR Head To the Trace lightly around the top with This the screws from the top hinge. the off of the and OR Wrench Wrench Wrench
the screws and necessary. To the the CAUTION where they and injury. To the top cover: the screws from each cover the top hinges. cover straight and off. To the the located the top both of the and The Trace lightly around the with This the from the located below the The releases when its the screws from the top and the through the off of the the screws and necessary. the its to to the from the To the the Once both they with each other and (Please To the using the with or To the the front with the the section.), then the top cover.
Mounting Instructions from and other protective and shoulder (A) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (B) with wrench. and to the the screws facing the NOTE screws should and screw should seated below the of the of The should tight to and with
About supply The supply to function correctly. (or service professional) this connecting from household to the of the You already the the Instructions to the supply. This information repeated reference to CAUTION To property the supply to supply supply and with and and operation, recommended should and to malfunction. What Access to with of with only.) with inch (OD). this the from the of the to household supply shut-off the household and the supply shut-off and the supply the of NOTE from that supply installation, including of and instructions. To the supply to the rear of that the the supply clear the of the or and the shut-off Connecting The Water Unscrew the from the the of the the then the the as as inch). the and the another with wrench. the to with and screw the (about as shown. to or wear other supply shut-off and that Water to (Include enough to allow moving cleaning.) NOTE the supply, to to the Water information about supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when first connected to the household supply Water Bracket Water from household supply
features and and flexibility. the below to with and NOTE to
Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM
Wave-Touch TM with Wave-Touch TM user interface It to touch the There to with force. There three of displays only the CUBES and options. Touch to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options Increases the of Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Touching the options displays the following Conserves increasing the It deactivated the This activated Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to active, allows the of the and The displayed when the Touch to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to clean the tor. It off The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the off off to You the from the cooling Touch the to the of Select the options and manually activated when the
appear of the Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high tion, the and HI, and the high displayed. The off pressed, acknowledging the which the other turned off the acknowl- The high and HI operating reached, which the the the of the displayed and the the off pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. The off and the operation. The high operating reached Wave-Touch TM /IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. turned ON and OFF and holding both the and seconds both the Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM The shows while the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the Sabbath/Holidays. further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org
IQ-Touch TM with Touch user interface It to the There to with force. There three Water Cubes Crushed light the active Touch the to the options below. of the following options that activated light the Increases the of Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Conserves increasing the It the hours. This activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to the and Touch and to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the tor. It off The OFF. and off. IMPORTANT Pressing the off off to You the from the cooling Touch the to the to the and which appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to with the first The and to the If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high tion, the and HI, and the high displayed. The sounds pressed, acknowledging the which the other turned off the acknowledged. The high and HI operating reached, which the the the of the and the the sounds pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. The turned off and the operation. The high operating reached
CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to You easily shelf the and fresh food to The shelves mounting which to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front the shelf the mounting the the and Tighten Spacers to Shelf Spacers to Shelf NOTE The Shelf spacers screws) the of the to securely the To the to location, the spacers turned (clockwise). To the location, to the spacers (counterclockwise) they the of the Shelf features includes TM shelves, which to catch and These shelves easy to food and cleaning. shelves pulled as as their built-in allow. shelves from their mounting includes of These located the of the fresh food and other fresh items items clear and items that or high NOTE when with the Humidity Higher Humidity, or without This incoming to and
include the the This the of fresh that high humidity. Meat with meat of meat items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to warmer to items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. The to and fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. To the of food. the with both and upward. the the the
bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the of the as shown the Can The allows to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce of The to the top of the It allows of both round and such as This to the the This allows of and other items the and the Can the the top of the fresh food of or The which includes cover that and to warmer than the to these of food. Compartment
Water the supply supply includes advanced and to supply to the and This to completely with when first to supply CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. To the supply the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The that off the flow three of To this release the Ice The and feeding located the top of the the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. It completely about The four to pounds of hours of to the the first to the or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the On/Off switch to the chattering when to without Turning the and off the On/ switch. To to the the shelf Press the switch to the to and to the to On. NOTE The built-in arm, which when the This should to manually the IMPORTANT or the that If mounted hollow partially with these they and the other the of the nears the of its and becomes with to the each The cant the mold, leading to or chips that caught the and the with or months or the with household the to OR OFF ON
Water too Empty the as below. Occasionally the to separated. If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the the On/Off switch. If of to directly from the The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing from when hear or clicking sound when the and Turn off the when cleaning the and If off the of should off the supply CAUTION Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the supply to the to properly. Cleaning the Clean the and or To the Turn off the switch. the and and the with with clear or cleaners. Allow the to completely the and the and the the Press the switch to and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the and IMPORTANT when or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the Crushed The properly causing to the
The Locating the with and The as as the to The and from the Water The located the top right of the fresh food The located the top of the fresh food to the the should the every months (the light the Touch to the months) to of You to this the and amounts of food typically To TM the housing straight the and Unpack the and the housing. the housing back Press and the the three seconds. the from to the The turn off seconds. NOTE The located the includes to the of the section information about these the should the months to highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of TM through the If of the the or through the where bought You to when first the to when Water FC-300 TM Cartridge EWF2CB02
More about The TM and tested and NSF International, the nationally respected, not-for-profit health The TM and tested and to ANSI/NSF and the reduction of specified the performance with that or of without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that NSF Rated Capacity TM and Rated service Rated pounds inch F, Recommended pounds inch To PureAdvantage TM It to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the switch. the release below the to the straight of the housing and Unpackage the and the housing the the back of the housing. the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Turn On the switch about turning the The Press the while the housing. and that as the of the of flushing the about three Press and the the Ice three seconds. the from to the
Food Ideas foods food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where food Meat meat and securely and of other foods or the meat meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and wrap, or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as hard-to-freeze foods, such as and the shelves. These foods the where the Ideas Locate the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat-producing such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section this Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as
Normal Sounds Sights the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds noticeable. Following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. sound produced, hear the These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than the The high- pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced light operation. hear or clicking sound when the and the NOTE sound NOTE the back of
Cleaning Protecting investment clean appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least cleaning, the following scouring brushes, cleaners or to dishwasher. the from the cleaning. NOTE If to turn off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the to with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of
cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and and of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or and with cloth. and cloth to clean and tracks. items dishwasher. and and and household cleaners, or to cloth to smooth cloth to smooth Only) Short Vacations operating vacations of or perishable items from Turn off and Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and cord. Turn off and supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. necessary. food and If using handcart, from the to them or to scratching Non and Ammonia cleaners Cleaning Allow to to from front of and with cloth or and CHLORIDE to clean Clean front and with and dishcloth. with clean and cloth. with towel, and cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth.
Cleaning light Both the and fresh food of include light that from to lights covers that to the that CAUTION Wear when light to To light cord. Wear as protection light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and wattage (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. Light Light Located Right Rear of
covered warranty. year from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the and sealed or of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty only the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or as or to without USA Appliances North America P.O. GA Appliance Warranty Information Warranty Terry L5V 3E4
To Common If with or or to service to this section with the following this information includes and Correction Cooling turned too or weather or too recently of too or too slightly the displays flashing. performance outlet disconnected. House blown or tripped too found fresh food section). Fresh food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/ This The about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow to Clean or to to This and off to service who or flashing the
Too Cold Correction too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food too cold. Food Meat Too Correction too too or too slightly section, of too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Meat too To Common to warmer Allow too cold. hours to to warmer too cold. Allow hours to Meat too cold. to Allow too hours to to Allow too hours to Meat too Meat to Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of meat. the whenever the the Meat to
To Common Water/Moisture/Frost Correction collects Weather and of walls. slightly too often or too Water of cover. and off the of the cover to Washed of and while the and their collects of or Weather slightly causing from to from The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of to allow to covered. items them the Water collecting of Routinely clean and they to This weather. lower, the should section, of
Correction Ice switch Water supply connected to Household enough. If the or restricted, and replaced. the should hear clicks). enough than item the item and release arm. together arm. the and to The clogged. and or from food or enough. To Common or restricted If of the type, created sufficiently to through. to the Water completely seated. enough. Household completely to than enough. hollow or than Turn switch. supply Instructions) Turn household section, Too Warm. Turn off household that Clean necessary. should approximately pounds of every hours. should to pounds of every hours. section, Too Warm. Turn household If the foods tightly. Ice fresh supply.
To Common Correction Water supply connected. supply Connecting The Water section). turned the first of the the should Turn to higher that first supply of should household Allow the to the should closed. Section, of overloaded. approximately then and around to fluctuations, and/or and back of Ice together. Water Correction hear clicks. should with Water and/or Water Cut-off and too only). phase. Ice empty. too Household closed. than or than Water supply connected. Household closed. clogged. Water the of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high thaw, and the Clean and should that the the that together. The clogged. the operates should within this supply Connecting The Water section). household section Not that closed. Section, Opening/Closing of and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment supply turn the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase.
Correction dirty. to cleaned. Food with Correction closed too causing other to slightly. It the when slightly. and and the to or and and the to or Food touching top of to Track that dirty. Light Not On Correction Light To Common touching or Light light switch reaching lights because or both too Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with routinely both gently. food Clean and tracks. Cleaning Tips. Light and Cleaning section. Release light switch located section, and to lights.