Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information NOTE of Information The Connecting The Water Water The Food Normal Sounds Cleaning Warranty To Common
instructions WARNING Please instructions Precautions to or the this items throughout this with Warning or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or injury. IMPORTANT Indicates or information which related. or or other this or other and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with sheets or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other wrapping immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child Suffocation: These to the Whether or temporarily hours), and Please the below. strongly with or information recycling throw the the shelves easily service technician.
information You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC- only The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three- The with and ordinances. or If the should the service or to the the cord. the firmly, and straight from the to the cord. the cleaning and light to shock. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the switch or to the from off to (GFI) WARNING IMPORTANT To off to the from the
This operating instructions the as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the of clearances Allow the following clearances ease of and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the Toe and To both and right of of While of to top to the On the and right and the the resting the top of the The should the the back of the To With both closed, right and of from both Press top of top of off. outward and off of hinges.
The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both the and of four corners of the the The should the front and rear. The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front To the the front both and the Toe and the section). the and screwdriver or inch wrench to or the front both bind-free with their touching the four NOTE NOTE: the with the the To the the screw that height (The without screw If the than the the turning the screw clockwise using inch wrench. If the than the the turning the screw clockwise inch wrench. and top of through of (from closed to screw, locking the Wrench and the Toe and the Installation section). Stop Screw
through If through reduce its the first the You the following Top Cover Screw Top Screw Screw To the the from the both and the (as the Instructions that with food from the shelves. the To the top cover: the three screws from each the top hinges. straight and off. To the Trace lightly around the top with This the screws from the top the off of the and the screws and necessary. To the the Top Rear Screw Necessary: Head Removing The OR AND OR Wrench Wrench Wrench CAUTION where they and injury.
The To the top cover: the screws from each cover the top hinges. cover straight and off. To the the located the top both of the and Trace lightly around the with This the from the located below the The releases when its the screws from the top and the through the off of the the hinge screws and necessary. the its to to the from the To the the Once both they with each other and (Please To the using the hinge with or To the the front with the the Installation section.), then the top cover.
Mounting Instructions from and other protective and shoulder (A) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (B) with wrench. and to the the screws facing the NOTE screws should and screw should seated below the of the of The should tight to and with
Connecting The Water To shock, which death or the from supply to the To Property or recommended the supply Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply DO NOT supply where below or thread Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly. that supply comply with The Water You wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver Access to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then approximately the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT type or thread and connecting supply to the WARNING CAUTION IMPORTANT NOTE with building authority and associated to building recommends with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing its Choice (with Water with Please to information. To Water To from of supply or Turn ON supply and supply clear. Turn OFF supply from and If then supply supply as as inch/6.4 and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and Tighten another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and tighten that to To mounted) or the On/ switch to the mounted).
Water to (Include enough to allow cleaning.) Connecting The Water Water Bracket Water from household supply IMPORTANT connecting the supply, to to the Water information about supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when first connected to the household supply
and and flexibility. the below to with and Light Switch Light Switch Shelf and Shelf Ice NOTE to IMPORTANT included with purchased or Water Toe Compartment SpillProof Shelf TM SpillProof TM Meat or Perfect and Can and Cover
Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM
Wave-Touch TM with Wave-Touch TM user interface It only to the There to with force. There three of displays the WATER, CUBES and CRUSHED to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options illuminated: Increases the of Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Touching the options displays the following Conserves increasing the This activated Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to active, allows the of the and The displayed when the Touch to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to clean the tor. It off The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the off off to You the from the cooling Touch the to the of the options and manually activated when the
appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the If the of sound and the the The turned off closing the The off to the of Press this to High the of high tion, the HI. the high and the off pressed, acknowledg- the which the highest reached and the tion. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the displayed and the off and hear the off pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. the turned off, the operation. The high operating reached Wave-Touch TM /IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. turned ON and OFF and holding both the and the seconds both the Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM The shows while the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the further and of with the please the http:\\www.star-k.org NOTE Although the the the already initiated. The and with trays.
IQ-Touch TM with Touch interface It only to the There to with force. There three Water Cubes Crushed Ice light the active Touch the to the options below. of the following options that activated light the Increases the of Activates food light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Conserves increasing the This activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to the and Touch and to from to sounds Tones each turned off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. and off. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the tor. It off The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the off off to You the from the cooling Touch the to the to the and which appear of the Press the or to the to the The to with the first The seconds and to the basic
If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high tion, the HI. the high displayed and the sounds pressed, acknowledg- the which the highest reached displayed and the tion. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the displayed and the sounds and hear the sounds pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowledged. the turned off the tor operation. The high operating reached
To from shelves to You easily the and fresh food to The shelves mounting which to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front the shelf the mounting the the and CAUTION NOTE Tighten Spacers to Shelf Spacers to Shelf NOTE The Shelf spacers screws) the of the to securely the To the to location, the spacers (clockwise). To the location, to turn the spacers (counterclockwise) they the of the Shelf includes Luxury-Design TM shelves, which to catch and These shelves easy to food and cleaning. shelves pulled as as their built-in allow. shelves from their mounting includes of These located the of the fresh food and other fresh items items clear and items that or high NOTE when with the Humidity Higher Humidity, or without This incoming to and
To the Wearing head screwdriver the the and the turn. prying motion as this the front slightly and the include the the This the of fresh that high humidity. Meat with of meat items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to warmer to items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles.
Perfect The Perfect (PTD) to food items that cooler, the or warmer than the fresh food of the The PTD shipped turned OFF. first turned or the PTD HIF to the and fresh food To this the PTD the OFF the and fresh food To Turn the the On/Off The 32F when and OFF when off. Select or C pressing the F/C Press the or buttons to the The to the shown the item selected. One of the three selections chosen The then the or the The the selected Three chosen and this 28F and 42F the or while of the The this The buttons to the three seconds. this the LOC when pressed. Deactivate the three seconds. The then ULC when the buttons Turning Perfect ON/OFF Perfect Perfect
IMPORTANT The to while the Perfect Removing the the of the below to affected. The washed with dishwasher. the of the Perfect with or cleaners. with NOTE turned off the Perfect functions as The Perfect food products only. and of the The thaw thawing foods amount of At the of that then switches to the to the food. CAUTION The Perfect and cleaning the attached to the back of the the Perfect Clean with cloth or from the To the Perfect and cleaning: Wearing head screwdriver the the and the turn. prying motion as this the front slightly and the To the Perfect Shelf Assembly: the located the top right from the the shelf pressing the catch release. the the front of the assembly off of the front
the assembly off of the and of the To the Perfect Shelf Assembly: rear of assembly that the the the the of the assembly. the assembly to the back of the the front of the shelf assembly that the front the with and the front the the insuring that the the the shelf. the to the and the on/off and the Perfect the turned off the Wave-Touch or IQ-Touch on/off the Perfect turned off. the back the Perfect the that the turned off. and the Perfect The Perfect should turned off the Sabbath/Holidays. the the the Perfect off the on/off The OFF and the off. Then the function the Wave-Touch/ IQ-Touch section. The and the off. The as this the of the Perfect to turned back The to and fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items.
To the of food. the with both and upward. the the the bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the of the as shown the Can The allows to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce of shelf The attaches to the top of the It allows of both round and such as This attached to the the This allows of and other items vertically the and the Can
the the top of the food of or The which includes that and to warmer than the to these of food. Compartment
Ice Water the supply supply includes and to supply to the and This to completely with when first connected to supply CAUTION operation, supply should and to malfunction. To the supply the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the flow three of To this release the The and feeding located the top of the the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. It completely about The four to pounds of every hours of to the the first to the supply or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the On/Off switch to the chattering when to without Turning the and off the On/ switch. To to the the Press the switch to the to and to the to On. NOTE The built-in arm, which when the This should to manually the OFF ON Arm
Water or the that If mounted hollow with these they and the other the of the nears the of its and becomes with to the each The cant the mold, leading to or that caught the and the with or months or the with household the to frequently. Ice too Empty the as below. Occasionally the to separated. If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the the On/Off switch. If of to directly from the The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing from hear or clicking sound when the and IMPORTANT Turn off the when cleaning the and If off the of should off the supply CAUTION Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the to the to properly. Cleaning the Clean the and or To the Turn off the Off/On switch. the and Empty and the with with clear or cleaners. Allow the to completely the and the shelf and the the Press the Off/On switch to and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as
Ice Water CAUTION NEVER or to the This the and IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the Crushed The properly causing to the
The Locating the with and The as as the to The and from the Water The located the top right of the fresh food The located the top of the fresh food to the the should the every months (the light the Touch to the months) to of You to this the and amounts of food typically To TM the housing straight the and Unpack the and the housing. the housing back Press and the the three seconds. the from to the The off seconds. NOTE The located the includes to the of the section information about these the should the every months to highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of TM through the If of the the toll-free, www.electroluxappliances.com, or the where bought recommends that when first and that least once months. the to when PureAdvantage TM Water EWF01 EAFCBF
More about advanced The TM and tested and NSF International to NSF/ANSI and the reduction of specified the performance the Water three seconds. the from to the with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that Rated Capacity TM and Rated service flow Rated pounds inch F, Recommended pounds inch To PureAdvantage TM It to the supply off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the switch. the release below the to the straight of the housing and the and the housing the the back of the housing. the should hear as the the the front of the should with the release Press the while the housing. and that The as the of the of flushing the about three Turn On the Press and the
Food Ideas foods food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where food Meat meat and and of other foods or the meat to than should food the or lower. efficiently when least foods To food and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as hard-to-freeze foods, such as and the shelves. These the where the Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat-producing such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section this Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as
Normal Sounds the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds noticeable. Following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. sound produced, hear the These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than the The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each it to the You hear the the sounds from forced light operation. Ice hear or clicking sound when the and the Perfect when closed turn off when when light operation. NOTE sound NOTE the back of
Cleaning Protecting investment appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least cleaning, the following cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners or CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the the straight to Shifting from to to the the to with or If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of NOTE NOTE CAUTION IMPORTANT
cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and with cloth. and cloth to clean and tracks. items and Toe and Only) Short Vacations operating vacations of or items from Turn off and only Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off food and If handcart, from the to them or to scratching and and and Non and cleaners and cord. Turn off and supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. Block necessary. Cleaning of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or dishwasher. Allow to to from front of Instructions). and with cloth or and household cleaners containing bleach or to clean cloth to clean smooth cloth to smooth CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to Clean front and with and dishcloth. with clean and cloth. cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with clean cloth.
Cleaning light Both the and fresh food of include light that from to lights covers that to the that Wear when light to To light cord. Wear as protection light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. CAUTION Light Light Located Right Rear of Ice
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the and sealed or of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service of other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or illustrated to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Appliance Warranty Information Warranty Terry L5V 3E4
To Common If with or or to service to this section with the following this information includes and Correction too or too displays Too Cold Correction too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food Food Meat Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House blown or or weather recently of operating. too or too slightly too found fresh food section). food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. the performance too cold. too cold. too cold. Meat too cold. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off button. This The about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. Its the to these It hours the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to This and off to service who or flashing the displays. to warmer Allow hours to to warmer Allow hours to Meat to Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of
Too Correction too too satisfactory. too satisfactory. the Meat too Water/Moisture/Frost Correction collects of walls. Water collects of cover. collects of collects of or Perfect Correction or shows CE. shows LOC when buttons pressed. To Common too or too slightly too too Meat too Weather and slightly too often or too and off Washed and while the and their Weather slightly causing from to from Connector connected or and section) Press and three seconds to of section) the whenever the the section, of to Allow hours to to colder Allow hours to Meat to The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of often to allow internal to covered. the of the cover to items them the Water collecting of Routinely and they to This weather. lower, the should section, Opening/Closing of
To Common Ice Correction enough the and Ice switch Water supply to Household enough. Household to the or restricted If of the type, created sufficiently to through. to the Water completely seated. Ice than enough. Household completely to than item the enough. Ice hollow or than or from food or Ice enough. Turn switch. supply Turn household section, Too Warm. the If should of the should the to Turn off household that self-piercing Clean necessary. If the or restricted, and replaced. the should hear clicks). Ice should pounds of hours. should to pounds of hours. section, Too Warm. Turn household If the item and release arm. together arm. and to The clogged. foods tightly. Ice fresh supply.
Ice Correction Ice To Common Water supply connected. Household to the empty. too Household closed. than Ice and around to fluctuations, and/or and back of together. hollow or than supply Connecting The Water section). the If should of the should the to turned the first supply of the the should Turn to higher that first supply of should household Allow the to the should closed. Section, of overloaded. approximately then and the Clean and should that the the often that together. The clogged. the operates should within this
To Common Water Correction Water and/or Water slowly. Correction to dirty. Correction to Water supply connected. Household to the Household closed. clogged. Water the of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Cut-off and too only). phase. The Water clogged. cleaned. Food with closed too causing other to slightly. It the when slightly. touching or Food touching top of Track that dirty. supply Connecting The Water section). the If should of the should the to household section Not that closed. Section, of hear clicks. should with the housing. and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment supply the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with strong routinely both gently. and and the to or and and the to or food Clean and tracks. Cleaning Tips.
Light Not On Correction Light To Common Light light switch reaching lights or both too Light and Cleaning section. Release light switch located section, and to lights.