February
Information Please and this Thank choosing This of to and throughout the service of reference Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com and tight completely to top and front-to-back properly attached to corners House turned Table of Information the Connecting the Water Water Food and Normal Sounds Sights the Water and and Cleaning to Common Warranty House supply connected to hours turned ON operates correctly with housing food and
instructions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Definitions This the It to to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or IMPORTANT Indicates operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions or or other this or other Read and other the the of with of the from the to Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or recycle the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with or information recycling or of the the shelves and children easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly. The its AC-only The of the with three-prong grounding protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the cleaning and light or LED light. Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the outlet switch or to the from turned off IMPORTANT To off to the from the
features and terms and flexibility. The below to with with and terminology. to shown without cover. Luxury-Design TM Items PTD) *LED Light LED Light Water Shelf NOTE Compartment Ice Light *LED Light IMPORTANT included with purchased www.electroluxappliances.com or Luxury-Design TM Can *Perfect TM (PTD) or (with Toe
You the following This and operating instructions service or contracting professional to the as instructed this the follow these first Location Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13C) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the operation of Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow the NOTE The to themselves within should to allow easy to counter when food. of and the should where both
necessary) To the using the front around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to and the the (A). the the the (B). to the Head Screw Not Other Screws Head Screw Tighten four screws. Then necessary) positioning of four corners of the the The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). should with each other and of these or lowering the front Not Other Screws At From Both Slightly the and illustration). You or each inch wrench to the screws Head Screw To screw clockwise. To lower: turn screw Head Screw counterclockwise. both with their touching the four and that it the the
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. to location. with the Stop screw. location To the the food items from to or screw. Screw (where NOTE should only with Re-tighten Screw or Screw of
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counter-clockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering the screw (where the of the washer. Screw tight, with the Screw (where Height NOTE If higher the sound, screw and with the the To the the screw located the Screw height. with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Re-tighten screw.
the through If through the first the To the the from the the and the Installation section). food from the shelves and the To the top covers: the screws from each cover the top hinges. of cover and back. NOTE DO NOT the ground screw from To the Trace lightly around the top with This the both of the firmly, the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the and the from the located the and the back to the front of the The releases when the outer while the the then while to the the
NOTE You three of from the back of the Unscrew the three screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (Please the Installation section and the top cover. CAUTION where they and or to the or screws right and screws each Head Screw Not Other Screws Head Screw CAUTION heavy. when and to Not Other Screws Removing the With pulled each each Assembly four screws and (C). Head Screws around top, and of If sealed, and slightly four screws each to allow to Head Screw and the the (A). the the the (B). to the Head Screw Then four screws. the At From Both
Mounting Instructions from protective fresh food (A) and shoulder (B) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (C) with wrench. and to the the screws facing the first and right shoulder that to the the the screws facing While holding and right screws (C) with wrench. NOTE To that with that screws completely CAUTION Wear and CAUTION when these Mounting Mounting
WARNING To shock, which death or injury, the from supply to the CAUTION To Property or recommended the supply Water supply of inch recommended to used. greatly increases the and the the supply DO NOT supply where below Chemicals from malfunctioning the If the connected to that the and properly IMPORTANT that comply with the supply wrench, screwdriver, and TM screwdriver to household with and supply of inch OD, or To the of the from the the back of the to Then approximately the cleaning (as shown). to the supply to household DO NOT type NOT or thread and connecting supply to the NOTE with building authority and associated to building recommends with existing its Choice (with Water and without existing recommends its Choice (with Water with Please to www.electroluxappliances.com information. Connecting the Water To supply to from of or Turn ON supply and supply clear. Turn OFF from and If then supply supply as as inch and Tighten another turn with wrench; DO NOT If The and already assembled the and another with wrench; DO NOT With and screw, supply only) to of as shown. supply only), about as shown and they or wear other Turn ON supply and that to To or the On/Off switch to the On food Water to from household supply (Include enough to allow cleaning.) Water Bracket Water
Wave-Touch TM IQ-Touch TM
Wave-Touch TM with Wave-Touch TM It only to the There three of displays the WATER, CUBES and CRUSHED options. Touch to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options off Press and three seconds to turn the ON or OFF. The OFF when the LED the If there then the ON. Turning the OFF the CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF. Food Activates food and increased NOTE to section light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from Touching the options displays the following Conserves increasing the This matically activated manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to change. to Press and three seconds to active, allows the of the and The displayed when the Touch to from to sounds Tones each off based preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the tor. It off the and the Perfect TM The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the
cooling Touch the to the of Select the options and appear of the Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the basic If the of sound and the the of the The turned off closing the The off to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI. the high and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other off the acknowledged. the of the displayed and the off the off pressed, acknowledging the Other off the acknowledged. the turned off, the operation. The high operating reached Wave-Touch TM /IQ-Touch TM The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM with of the and religious within the community. NOTE While the Wave-Touch TM the to the Sabbath turned ON and OFF and holding both the and seconds both the Wave-Touch TM and IQ-Touch TM The shows while the the High active then its and high The high to the closed, the exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the further and of with the please the NOTE While the lights, the deactivated. recovery. It deactivated with the buttons the health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The
NOTE Although the the the already initiated. The and with trays. and the Perfect TM The Perfect TM should turned off the Sabbath/Holidays. the the the Perfect TM off the on/off The OFF and the off. Then the Sabbath function the Wave-Touch/IQ-Touch section. the and the off. The as this the of the Perfect TM to turned back NOTE If the Perfect TM turned off to the to to the the to that IQ-Touch TM with Touch It to the There three Water Cubes Crushed light the active Touch the to the options below. off Press and three seconds to the ON or OFF. The OFF when the LED the Ice nated. If there then the ON. Turning the OFF the Neither CUBES CRUSHED with the OFF. (Fresh Food Activates food and increased NOTE to section light On Press and three seconds to and This restricts to the and of the and Conserves increasing the This matically activated Vacation manually activated when the Touch to Press and three seconds to change. Touch to Press and three seconds to change.
Touch to the and and off. Touch and to from to sounds Tones each turned off based user preference. The sounds muted when the Warning active. factory such as and tones to their factory off Press and three seconds to off the cooling to the It off the and The OFF. IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from cooling Touch the to and of the displays. Press the or to the to the The to with the first The and to the If the of sound and the the right of the The turned off closing the The sounds to the of Press this to High the of high the and HI. the high and the off pressed, acknowledging the which the highest reached played and the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the of the and the the sounds pressed, acknowledging the Other turned off the acknowl- The off and the operation. The high operating reached
Ice Water the supply CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. the and holding the the this of the It about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the flow three of To this release the Ice the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. The the from the rear. You to force the the This allow the to completely. IMPORTANT the factory as as If supply, the On/Off to and off the otherwise, the chattering when to without Turning the fresh food and off Ice the On/Off the Press and the Ice three seconds to the ON or OFF If there then the ON. IMPORTANT Turning off the existing the IMPORTANT Turning off the the You to NOTE The built-in that when the This should to manually the the the first to the supply or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or IMPORTANT On the or This of the If these frequently, of or the to replaced. the nears the of its and becomes with to the each months or the with household the to frequently.
Water IMPORTANT You to or home. The function allows to the from the There three and The factory This should If or then to should ONLY of with high the The the causing the existing to together. To the CUBE You the The ICE. Press the and buttons to the One and three Press the CUBE to the If connected to supply or the supply turned off, off the holding the On/Off soft-touch three seconds. The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing hear or clicking sound when the and If of to directly from the too Empty the as below. to of with the whole CAUTION If the to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the straight Empty and the with or cleaners. with clear Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the To the completely IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the The fresh food properly causing to the fresh food
Ice the properly, the within hours. It completely about three using the the first and the to properly, to clear from Once allow the to completely, then the first TWO FULL of It least to completely the or The four pounds of every hours IMPORTANT turned the factory as as If supply, the to off. the chattering when to without Turning the and off Ice lifting/lowering the To to the the the to the OFF and the to ON. If connected to supply or the supply turned off, turn off the arm. The following sounds when the Water or closing too Empty the as below. Function with Ice Function, that activated interface, allow increase You to CAUTION If the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the Empty and the with or cleaners. with clean Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together. the and to the or clean as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the To the completely
CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to includes shelves that to catch and You easily the fresh food to The shelves mounting that to the of each To the of shelf: food from shelf. the front and the the mounting the the shelf and Shelf features Luxury-Design TM Shelf includes of These located the of the fresh food and other fresh include the the when with the Humidity Higher Humidity. Fresh when with the Humidity Humidity. Humidity
To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the Removing items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. Perfect TM The Perfect TM to food items whether cooler, or the as the fresh food section of the The thaw thawing foods hours. At the of that then switches to the to the food. To To and off, the On/Off button. The 28F and 42F when and OFF when off. Press F/C to F, or C Press the or buttons to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. off, the Perfect TM as meat The Perfect TM food products. and of the The three selections flexibility to the Cool with meat short-term of meat items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to higher humidity. and selections. The the or buttons. The the selected The buttons to the three (3)seconds. Deactivate three (3)seconds
IMPORTANT DO NOT the of the Perfect TM with or cleaners. clean with CAUTION The Perfect TM and cover cleaning the attached to the right of the the Perfect TM cover or dishwasher. Clean with cloth or To the Perfect TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off pressing the Wave-Touch TM or IQ-Touch TM on/off the Perfect TM turned off. the turned back the Perfect TM operations the that the turned off. The to fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles, and They selection of items. Removing the To the of food from the with both and upward. the the the bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the The allow to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce Can
the the top of the fresh food of or The to warmer than the and includes cover that and only) Three To and items from to their and Removing and Compartment To and the the front of the the the If the with the the front of the the when the If the with the the of the (backwards), the the when the NOTE If resting the properly. To items from the and from the To NOTE The third to when the To this the third and Shelf The (located the of the to Removing
the front of the and the rear of the and To the and to location. The to NOTE should
Ideas foods Fresh food the fresh food and with of F. overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where food items and items that or high Meat and and securely to and of other foods or the Cool or Perfect TM and to meat/poultry meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the to that purchased food the as as Activating efficiently the selected purchases with foods. Food and too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as Ideas the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat- such as or dishwasher. If this section of or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section procedures Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and foods and them the This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as directly shelf. such the
Normal Sounds the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. and these sounds noticeable. The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. You hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. defrosting, sound produced, hear the activation, and sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Perfect TM light operation. hear clicking, or sound when the and the light operation. Perfect TM off when or Perfect TM turned off. NOTE sound NOTE the back of
with and The as as the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About advanced The TM NGFC and tested and NSF International to NSF/ANSI and the reduction of specified the performance protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. with that or of without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that cysts. Rated Capacity TM and Rated service Rated pounds inch Recommended pounds inch 33F, 100F Water The located the of the fresh food TM should the every months to the highest quality. The Water light the to the amount of through the If of the the It to turn the off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the the the release the to the straight of the housing and The Water and Unpack the and the the should hear clicks). the front of the should with the release Turn On the the Press the while the housing. and as the of the the supply as previously. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the Water Water
The Water and The located the and/or the of the the TM To of should the every months (the light the Touch to the months). the the and Unpack the and the housing. To the the top and to the closed. Press and the the three (3)seconds. the from to the The off seconds. located the located the www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when first Water FC-300 PureAdvantage TM Cartridge EWF01 EAFCBF
Protecting investment its appearance and build-up. immediately and clean the and fresh food least NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches, or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners, or strong CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to clean dishwasher. the from the cleaning. NOTE If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the of warranty. the the correctly. This the from CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the to touch with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or perishable items from Turn off and Vacations food and month or Turn the cooling off section location of On/Off and cord. Turn supply to closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. Block necessary. food and If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching and Cleaning
and Cleaning and cleaning Cleaning and Precautions and with cloth. and cloth to and tracks. items dishwasher. Shelves and Toe and Only) The to flow the Ice Cleaning Turn the off using the the to Press the front of the and Turn back and and of of to wring of or cloth cleaning around light or Allow to to Installation both and with cloth or and and household cleaners containing bleach or to Non cloth to clean smooth cloth to smooth and CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to Clean front and with and dishcloth. with and cloth. cleaners cleaner. These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. NOTE: clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with cloth. Press the Ice Turn the off the the to the with the that the the front of the the Turn back The
LED Lights Both the and fresh food of include LED lights. To LED Lights: cord. light cover and the LED cover with hand and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and or facing outward of fresh food LED Light NOTE LED lights or lights light Light Both the and fresh food of include light that from lights covers that to the that LED Light and Cleaning CAUTION Wear when light to To light cord. Wear protective light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. LED Lights www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when LED Light, Lights Light Light
to Common If with or or that to service to this section with the following this information includes and Concern Common enough together. Concern Common Ice and around to turned off. connected to or The supply The seated properly. The with or restricted than The with The supply or restricted the that the enough. Ice hollow of with The hollow the and their existing which it to together. Water supply connected. empty. Household Food closed. than four to fluctuations, and/or Ice together. than Turn the fresh food and the seconds the off. the the arm. the to the household supply and the supply that the supply when the the and the to the that hear If or or the months or it should replaced. Turn off household that Clean necessary. The fresh food and each approximately pounds of every hours If than or the months or should replaced. that the supply when the the Turn off household that Clean necessary. the item and release arm. that together the arm. and The fresh supply. Ice should least to the separated. This when the enough This the of the Connecting The Water section). turned the first supply of the the should household Allow the to the should Food closed. Section, of overloaded. three then and the Clean and should the often that together. The clogged. the operates should within this
Light Not On Concern Common Light Concern Common dirty. Concern Common It the to Concern Common to Common Light or LED light reaching lights or both too to cleaned. Food with when slightly. Food touching top of Cooling turned outlet disconnected. House blown or tripped the Light or LED lights and Cleaning section. section, and to lights. Cleaning Tips. food tightly. Turn to foods with routinely and and the to or food or redistribute food. Turn cooling On. Section location of cooling On/Off This The periodically, about tightly Check/replace with house lights. Company. This and off to
to Common Concern Common too or too displays flashing. Too Cold Concern Common too cold. satisfactory. too cold. satisfactory. Food Food Meat Too Concern Common too too satisfactory. or weather recently of operating. too or too slightly too found fresh food section). Fresh food/freezer dirty, worn, cracked, or poorly fitted. This with high-efficiency, performance too cold. too cold. to warmer Allow too cold. Meat too cold. too or too slightly too to Allow hours Its the to these It the to cool completely. operation to slightly the to food and from section, Closing of to warmer satisfactory. Allow hours to Clean or to to It the to of service who or flashing the displays. to warmer Allow hours to It the to cool while hours to Meat to warmer Meat should below the fresh It crystals to to the of the whenever the the section, of to
Too Concern Common too satisfactory. the Cool or Perfect TM too Water Concern Common Water and/or Water Concern Common collects of walls. Water collects of cover. collects of of or to Common too to Allow too to Water supply connected. Household Ice clogged. Water the of Unit properly connected to the household supply and and Water high Cut-off and too only). phase. Weather and slightly too often or too and off the of the to Washed and while the and their Weather slightly causing from to from hours to supply Connecting The Water section). household section Not to protective and of to freshen the supply and completely the to that to the treatment supply the cut-off and the only). It to below the phase. The of frost and internal sweating increases. section, of often to allow internal to covered. items them the Water collecting of Routinely clean and they to This weather. lower, the should section, of
Warranty covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. the and sealed or of covered through warranty. the through years from of purchase, or the and sealed which to or workmanship when such used, and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USA or the or of the Products purchased as-is covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service which malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household or other than with the instructions. Service to the of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other and to repaired the including, to, hour, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred or installation, including to walls, caused by: services service of other than or from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMERS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS LIMITED WARRANTY SHALL BE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED HEREIN. CLAIMS BASED ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED TO ONE YEAR OR THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW, BUT NOT LESS THAN ONE YEAR. ELECTROLUX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES SUCH AS PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INCIDENTAL EXPENSES RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH OF THIS WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LIMITATIONS ON THE DURATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE. If You Service or other to establish the warranty should service required. If service to and Service this warranty obtained the or phone below. This warranty the USA, and the USA and warranted Appliances North America, of Products, Inc. warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product features or specifications as or to without USA Appliances North America Charlotte, NC Warranty Information Terry L5V 3E4