GB ENB ENB ENB W8 ENB X8 ENB ENB
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind. GB
GB and the this instruction It hints, information and If the with these instructions, properly and with the satisfaction. The below to things easily: and information this and information information ideas At this ideas found to food and its The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
These the interests of that them or this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the IMPOR IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the GB
Warning The (R within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the GB Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and it to owner.
Instructions the information Instructions the information.................................................................................9 First switch Switching off Functions Select Switch off Switch each selection.......................................................................10 Function Child Function...........................................................................11 of the to the regulation......................................................................11 Function Function Function Chill Function.........................................................................12 The Fresh Shelves...............................................................................14 of the of food regulation......................................................................15 fresh food...........................................................................15 the Food of from the To Ice Cubes...........................................................................17 Tips.....................................................................................18 Normal Sounds Food the of and Cleaning GB
GB Cleaning the Appliance the Defrosting.......................................................................................20 To the Light Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical the Transportation, Location the Appliance of from the of the chart
information The official of the frostfree with and the The the services with its and completely from the other The and food, products the instructions and ice.The the of to the class. The found the Appliance button ON/OFF C and function Function Confirmation DISPLAY Instructions the the indicated the indicated that of the flashes the to the If the indicated the or If the child function If the function If the function If the Chill function If the fast function If the function First switch the the the (A), to the as the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section The flashes and the warmest reached appear the GB
GB the of the food the function that the following +5C the -18C the the reaches -18C, food the To If the the internal lighting off electronically; this, the lighting function closing and the Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. the off, the shown and the Functions The the (D). Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and to The following functions indicated: Select/Switch off/Switch Select/Switch off/Switch Select /Switch off /Switch each selection The the (D) to the and then the (B) to the the (B) the flashes the To the choice of the the (E). You hear the seconds and the displays the selected seconds, then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of necessary to the Child function function function function Chill function
Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the selected the You the choice pressing within seconds. You hear the and the It to the function the flashes and then E. Child Function The child function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the and then E. of the to the the operation of this this reason to cover the the shelves with food the Allow to reach naturally. this the frost building Food to foods closed or them grease-proof or them the This foods their The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the Attention! the and the when: recently selected the food the Function "H" The function the 15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of To turn the function the selected The the to C, C followed the GB
GB "H Press to confirm. the the function" the Attention! The with function Function If to amount of food, the activating the function to the products and to the other food which the The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the The function off approximately hours. It to the function the and then E. Function The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this the chosen 5C 18C), the food It to the function the selected of the Chill Function The Chill function, the cooling of the the activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the this operates with of and from to the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flashing the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic pressed. At this please the the It to the function the and then E.
with the of the The the from the that the further the closed. The and There the that to allow to food necessary. The Below the recommended food types: Ready-cooked foods, fresh meat, products. Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, meat, seafood The with this the compartment.This the of fresh food meat, seafood the than the of the It the directly of the If to the to the following: the as as If to or other GB ENB
the of should the bottle from the the LTC and, reaching the slightly the front of the to from the the of the the back of the from its location and then yourself. You both the and the the following to the The shelves the to allow the of items. To the shelves, the to GB The chart the of the instruction information the The as only. cover the shelves with or as this the within the foods the allow foods to reach the Cover foods, or closed them the this of food
of the The with the which that fresh food and of and food. The -15C and -24C. the internal of -18C, which and of the foods. Attention! the and the when: recently selected the food the to 5C the functioning the shows the warmest the the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). increase the the to indicated by: flashing flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears the seconds. Then to operation showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E. fresh food The of commercially and food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the rating To the amount of food indicated the the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. the food to the as this the To fresh foods, to the function. Press necessary) the appears GB
GB You the choice pressing within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. It to the function the flashes and then E. the You products the finished. This allow to the other foods. Intermediate foods already If of food to the the from and food the shelves. to to the the of products them It to foods they defrosted them the If the food already recommended, should as as Food the first or the of to least hours food. the indicated the the or than necessary. If of food to the the lowest from and food the shelves. of from the The to their or To of its from the the
and, reaching the the its front upwards. To back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their the immediately from the burn. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to thaw and and Tips) items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. or food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Defrosted cooked food To Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the pointed or GB
GB Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear 'click' when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within the indicated the the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within
should the food without its The following should Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish Should and Dishes should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER cleaning products or to clean the as these the and Cleaning the with Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the Appliance the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to GB
GB the To the performance the should New purchased from the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the cover the cover. the accessory and as such covered the operation, the closed. The should from the Defrosting Defrosting this To the Light Should the light to as below: Break the of the Press the of the screwdriver and the and the cover the indicated the arrow the replaced. type: T25 V, W, thread) the the cover, and apply to the
If the correctly, please the following Service Force Symptom It too the It too the Water flows the chamber. Water flows the There too frost and The operates continually. The Neither cooling, lighting The Something Something incorrectly. If products enough or incorrectly. The tightly or properly. incorrectly. The tightly or properly. Products to Products to too closely to each other. The of the chamber Products from flowing the The outlet flows the the Products wrapped properly. properly or tightly. properly or tightly. Products to Too food The too connected to the properly. The burnt There the to another The properly. GB higher the products to the the and the and clean. higher the and the and clean. hours and then the the products that them. Clean the the products that they the back plate directly. the outlet to the the products the and the and clean. the and the and clean. and then the food to reduce the the where the the properly. the the to instructions chapter the the four should the
GB If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk service the of Ireland Telephone: concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus Cus customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. please the the heading Something Not Working?. the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase
that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or Conditions Conditions to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please GB
GB Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical capacity Height (kWh/year) class, to EU Rated (A) of the Transportation, The and the protected and of white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. Instructions the ENB ENB highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Location The should affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat only location where the to the which the GB ENB ENB W8 ENB ENB X8
GB The found the rating The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C the of the there spacers which the top corners. the screws and the the screw head, the re-tighten the screws. the Appliance of the that from the This achieved the front. the to of heat such as or The to operation. shows the when The to the shelves These the further operation of the the as as the to the front of the shelf.
the back of the from its and then its front upwards/downwards. the of the On the to and characteristics. The should the the turned the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the cover the cover. operation, the closed. The should from the Should the location the of the The with the to the right. Carry the as the and the instructions. that another to who the of the Disconnect the from the supply. GB
GB the of the the top cover the screws then the the from of the top to the other Unscrew the screws the mount the top right-hand and the screw the other the and the slightly and Unscrew the screw the and the other mount from the of the Please the the mount the slightly and both the the covering screw Unscrew the the and then screw the other Don't the the the covering the other
the cover of the mount and to the other the locking the screw (s) the locking to the other of the other and screwing the screw (s). the the other of the the of the mount the of the the the and the mount with screws the Don't the the as The of the to the of the the the the top mount and the from the and the screws the the top cover screws the to the repositioning of the then the the and to the supply. If to these yourself, please Service Force The the GB
GB to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications, EEC of Directive) and EEC Efficiency Directive) and its
and of of fresh foods the meat airtight meat covered meat covered minced meat covered Roasted minced meat covered Cold airtight covered covered covered Fresh airtight covered Fresh airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour Curds peas, beans (strawberry, raspberry, Other covered with covered Notation: to really fresh only) chart of GB
GB www.electrolux.com M-300, Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Great www.electrolux.fr CG H-1142 XIV, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 LT-09108 Ireland Risl SK, S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 O "O Service, S:t S-105
GB
GB A/E/NY32-1. Printed
www.electrolux.com