ENB
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that You the this to this and using and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Imformation Cleaning the First switch Switching off Functions Clock Function Select selection of the Function Child Function Function Function Function of the Action function function shelves Positioning the shelves of food recycling light cleaning Defrosting Technical information Customer service and Location Rear spacers Shelf reversibility
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the wwhen as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the only location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious
malfunctioning. to Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with C and +43C T); C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or using the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the Installation operation, the and the back of the heat reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear oobstruction. to that the the supply the supply or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to flow back the
There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the TThe together with the refuse and tthe ccooling tthe rrear nnear tthe heat IInformation from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. as these tthe ffinish. Multifunction-button Function C (A) the to the and the Repushing the appear. OK
flashes the operations to the Clock function First switch the the the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. of the food the function that Negative Child function Action function function function Chill function function the following +5C the -18C the the reach -18C, introducing the the To
Switching off To switch off the the Functions activating the the operating and the following functions indicated: Select Select Clock Function Each function confirmed E. activating the the operating. Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and The following indicated: Child function function function Chill function Action function Function Clock Function The Clock function activated necessary) the flashes You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. Activating the (C/C) the selected. Proceed as follows: the hour, activating then the Confirm the selection activating E. You the off.
Select selection The the (B) to the and than the C/C to the The flashes the To the choice of the the (E). You hear the and the displays the selected seconds, then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of it to the Attention! the the first the to the this that the than the If the while, the internal lighting off automatically; this, the lighting function closing the and the of the of the The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the Attention! the and when: recently selected the food the
Function The function activated necessary) the flashes this the selected the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. Child Function The Child function activated necessary) the flashes. You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this operation through the as as this function activated. It to the function the and then E. Function to amount of food, the activating the function to the products and to the other food which already the The shopping function activated necessary) the correspondings flashes You the within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. The function approximately hours. It to the function the and then E. Function The function activated necessary) the flashes You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen 5C 18C), the It to the function the selected of the
Function The function allows to the the without the formation of The function activated necessary) the flashes You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. to the function the and then E. Attention! The and the with function of the The with the wwhich that fresh food and of and food. The -15C and -24C. the internal of approximately -18C, which and of the foods. Attention! the the first the displayed to the this that the than the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the 5C the functioning the shows the warmest the
Action function The of and food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the To fresh foods, to the Action function. Press necessary) the flashes You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the the food to the as this the The this other foods the This function hours. It to the function the and then E. Chill function The Chill function to as when buttles the It activated necessary) the flashes You the choice within seconds.You hear the and the lighted. this operates with of and from to C the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the lighted sounding of acoustic pressed. At this bear to the the It to the function the and then E.
increase the to indicated by: flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; This with or the of These the of the the the ice-tray. the with to the indicated. MAX. the and the the To the the with the the top and To the release of the recommended to the closed seconds. to the from the flashing of the the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then the operation showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E.
shelves The of the with of that the shelves as bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as follows: the shelf the of the arrows free, then as required.
The incorporates with of lever),which to the the The the with the Right With the the and closed. the closed, the of the food the and The and There the that to allow the to There the of the to the and from that the the cleaning
HINTS hints: Meat types): and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the oonions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the food to the as this the the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this only top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw only the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the carbonated the as they
of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food recycling with which with the switch The light, when that the It that the when the 25C This allows cooling of foods and the light If becomes to the as shown the the with of the (the shown the light
of the charcoal On the charcoal to the of of the charcoal The should the the turned the cover outward The charcoal then mounted the found the back of the cover. the operation, the closed. The should from the the charcoal To the performance the should New charcoal purchased from The the cover and reached the cover outward The charcoal then pulled of its The charcoal the existing the The should from the
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning cleaners chemicals that the plastics this tthis reason recommended tthat tthe outer casing of this cleaned with with Clean the with and of and thoroughly. Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity Defrosting from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where It the the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already the frost free, which there to manually as this automatically.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION Capacity Capacity kWh/year High The technical infomation the rating the internal of the CUSTOSERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity supply another the correctly. If there the of the that the Defrosting section). If properly the the service To service, that when apply specify the and of which found the or the rating plate located the the
INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below or the of the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. Rear tthe there which ffitted sshown tthe the screws and the the screw head, then the screws.
Shelf with shelf that to the shelves To them as follows: the shelf the of the arrow, the from the and freed and the reversibility The reversibility that the and shown the to supply. of the rated with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and modifications.
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Ireland S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105 www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.fi www.electrolux.com Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ (PN) LV-1012, 10A, LT Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG SK,
NDEKLER www.electrolux.com
GVENLK BLGLER Servis Servisinize
C +43C; +ST C +38C; +N 16C +32C; +SN 10C +32C riayet KESKN ALETLER KULLANMAYINIZ. Normal
KULLANIM C (A)
(E) 5C -18C
(C/C)
(B) C/C (E) +2C +8C Normal
istediiniz istediiniz 5C 18C).
istediiniz -15C -24C -18C Normal
istediiniz istediiniz C istediiniz
Normal MAX. E
istediiniz istediiniz
TAVSYELER
D.A.C. (D.A.C.)
torba
BAKIM yice
TEKNK BLGLER MTER HZMET VE YEDEK PARALAR fiin
MONTAJ fi,
E.E.C. EEC EEC EEC
GARANT ARTLARI () (K) ithalats ithalat; Servis
Servis tesbiti MALATI THALATI FRMANIN NVANI: ELECTROLUX A.. MERKEZ ADRES: STANBUL TELEFONU: FAX: www.electrolux.com.tr ELECTROLUX TKETC DANIMA MERKEZ: AEG-ELECTROLUX TKETC DANIMA MERKEZ: Servis'e
G. SRE YIL YIL YIL YIL ofben/Termosifon YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL YIL ONAY TARH BELGE NO. MARKA
AVRUPA GARANTS
Great Ireland S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105 www.electrolux.fr www.electrolux.fi www.electrolux.com Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ (PN) LV-1012, 10A, LT Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG SK,
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.com.tr