user ENA34835W
CONTENTS information First to the with BRITA MAXTRA SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that using the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the it or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com hints and and cleaning What to Technical to without (latch) the or to that the ance. This from becoming death child. Warning! the or the built-in clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion
thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected household only. They household tion. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the If the cover If the If the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. carbonated or the as the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the pliance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours connecting the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching
to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or the LED light cover. Con- the Service Force to the LED light board, This serviced thorized Service and used. CONTROL PANEL Appliance ON/OFF Function Confirmation C and function function or FreeStore Action function function Compartment If C Protection This which the its or tion The together with the refuse and The insulation the ance to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the
Child function function switch the the the (A), as the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. of the food the function that the lowing +5C the -18C the the reach -18C, introducing the the To Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. activating the (D) the functions operating. function (E). If there seconds the from the and The following functions indicated: Select the Select the function FreeStore function function Child function Chill function Action function Press the (D) to the and than the (B) to the Press the (E) to the selection. The shows the The reached within hours. Function "H" The function the 15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of To the function as the selected The the played to C, C the "H Press to the the tion the The with function Child Function The Child function activated (D) necessary) the appears You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this through the as as this function activated. It to the function (D) the flash and then (E). Function If to amount of food, the cery activating the function to the products and to the oth- food which already the The function activated (D) necessary) the appears You the pressing (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted.
The function off cally approximately hours. It to the function (D) the and then (E). Function Press the (D) the appears Press the (E) to the selection. You hear the and the lighted. this the matically 5C and 18C), the food. of the to switch off the function. FreeStore Function Press the (D) the appears Press the (E) to the selection. You hear the and the lighted. If the function activated the FreeStore shown to The activation of the FreeStore function crease the Action Function The of and and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the rating To the amount of food indicated the rating the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. To fresh foods, to the Action function. Press (D) necessary) appears. You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the the food to the as this the The hours. this other foods the This function It to the function (D) tor and then (E). Chill Function The Chill function to as when bottles the It activated (D) necessary) the appears You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this operates with of and from to (B) the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flash- the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic (E) At this bear to the contained the It to the function (D) the and then (E). increase the to indicated by: flashing flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off the to (E) to the the highest reached
the appears seconds. Then the showing the of the selected FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE of food first or of the products the the least the higher the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the defrosted food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this tion. cooked fro- directly from the this cooking FreeStore The with that allows cooling of foods and the the phase, the switched off (E). or as these the fin- ish. This activates when or when the high. Allows to switch the manually when to "FreeStore tion"). The FreeStore when the and immediately the closing. shelves The of the with of that the shelves as
the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the shelf only bottles. This bottle to previously bottles. To this the upwards and the higher Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. To these as lows: the shelf the of the free, then as required. The and There the that to allow the to There the of the to the and from that the the cleaning
TheFreshZonedrawer fresh food meat, seafood, the than the of the of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their HOW TO USE THE WATER DISPENSER WITH BRITA MAXTRA FILTER CARTRIDGE BRITA
Water Including BRITA MAXTRA BRITA the Water Water Initial operations to and other tion from the assembly the as to "Water cleaning to Water cleaning Unblock the the of the as shown the the BRITA MAXTRA from the the the and the of the the the of the
the and the Unscrew the counter clockwise to the to functioning of the features Clean the the and the with of and and the the cleaning of the other to from the Clean the and the the dishwasher or with of and and them. the cleaning back the from the and assembly the the of the tioning the assembled the the the the of the BRITA MAXTRA tridge the to the BRITA MAXTRA the To BRITA please the protective wrapper and wrapper this the and to The ready to other tridges, there to the Cartridge. the the the the and clean thoroughly and Then, thoroughly the of the with cloth and as
the the and 'clicks' The should the turned the the of the BRITA the with and allow to through. the first the These first to the Then, the back BRITA the back the and it to fits correctly the To the with the top of and the through the cover as shown the the that to to of of closing and of the to completely the head of If the within please the BRITA Allow the to through and as as the BRITA with To the four the the top of the to it from the and
The BRITA performance and to BRITA regularly. BRITA that the the BRITA of every four BRITA when to the The BRITA the of of to and when to The BRITA located the of the really the To please and the the four appear the and The START Functional The flashing the right of the that the START
START START Every to the life. four four This, and flashing arrow, that the should to the structions and the as scribed only showing, should whether BRITA MAXTRA to hand. The only to with BRITA BRITA the of approximately years. At the of the life, please that and to the to and tions. To the screwdriver the notch to the and Please that should other reason than to of START
information The with the Water the functioning of the The of other type or the and the It to hear caused when the the the flow the once the below the to that the collected the such as The to the that foodstuff. Please within to HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds You hear and sound when the through the or This correct. the the around and hear whirring sound and from the This rect. The thermic might cracking It physical phenomenon. This correct. the or than absolutely necessary. If the high and the to Should BRITA prolonged tion), that the and the the the the and to of to the BRITA MAXTRA The BRITA with treated this constantly and to regulations to or with from which tested to If instruction from the thorities that boiled, the BRITA to boiled. the instruction to force, the cleaned and More information the of BRITA and the found the BRITA information You purchase BRITA and through service of or BRITA. and the loaded, the ously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, particularly food that freely around hints:
Meat types) polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the tor. To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the the further food to should this only top fresh and thor- oughly cleaned, food to to and completely and CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. Defrosting of the from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where to to thaw only the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food It to clean the frost the of the to the overflowing and to the food the which already ted the
WHAT TO DO IF troubleshooting, the supply. or the troubleshoot- that this The The properly. The ates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. The Action function switched Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the The incorrectly. the frost the The clogged. Clean the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the the foods. The of frost to the of the There sounds the the four should the warmer the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the to "Action function". This correct. that products the
Water flows the ground. There too frost and The closed correctly. to "Closing the The incorrectly. The the too high. The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the as the to the service. the Disconnect the the to the cover the cover the with of the and specifically only. the cover. the the that the The the the Products wrapped The correctly. to "Closing the There the Products too to each other. The switched off. Switch the Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service the outlet to the the products higher the crease to products the that there the products that there the to the correctly. to the Con-
TECHNICAL DATA The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, the should tioned below or the of the Warning! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with
The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. Rear spacers You the spacers the with these to the spacers: Release the screw. the below the screw. Turn the to the right Tighten the screws. the that This the the with that to the shelves To them as follows: the shelf the of the arrow (A). the shelf from the and freed (B). the (C). reversibility Warning! carrying operations, the from the To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. To the of the these
the with the the upright Unscrew the screws and the the the from the and the the If screwdriver screw the screw the other the mount them the Unscrew the screw and the the other Unscrew the the the the and to the other of the the cover Unscrew the hinge and the and them the
the cover the the and to the other of the the cover of the hinge and to the other the of the the of the the the Re-screw the the the the the the that the of the to the of the pliance. ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, and the them the instruction the the (that found the instruction the the top cover screws the the Reposition, the least four hours and then to the to that: screws The to the The and correctly. If the the perfectly to the that the of the to the operations, the Service Force. The Service the of the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household
service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop 210621988-A-132011