GB ENB ENB
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind. GB
GB and the this instruction It hints, information and ideas. If the with the instructions written, properly and with satisfaction. The below to things easily: and information this and information information ideas At this ideas found to food and its The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
These the interests of that them or this of paramount If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the IMPOR IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! Warning The (R contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the GB
process, other than those recommended the the the food of the This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. and the they burst when the Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced GB authorised and should used. should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the information Instructions the information.................................................................................9 First switch Switching off Functions Select Switch off Switch each selection.......................................................................10 Function Child Function...........................................................................11 of the to the Function Function Function Chill Function.........................................................................12 The Shelves...............................................................................14 to the with BRITA MAXTRA BRITA INITIAL OPERATIONS TO USE YOUR WATER DISPENSER....................15 WATER DISPENSER CLEANING PROCEDURE STEP PREPARING THE CARTRIDGE STEP INSERT IN THE WATER TANK STEP RINSE CARTRIDGE STEP REFILL WATER TANK...........................................................16 REMOVE CARTRIDGE WITH RING PULL HANDLE THE BRITA MEMO IMPORTANT INFORMATION of the of food regulation......................................................................19 fresh the GB
GB Food of from the To Cubes Normal Sounds Food the of and Cleaning Cleaning the Appliance the Defrosting To the Light Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical the Transportation, Cleaning.........................................................................................30 Location the Appliance......................................................................31 of from the of the chart
information The official of the frostfree with and the The the services with its and completely from the other According to this the and products the instructions and ice.The the of to the class. The found the Appliance ON/OFF C and function Function Confirmation DISPLAY Instructions the the indicated the indicated that of the relative flashes the operations to the If the indicated the or If the function If the function If the function If the Chill function If the function If the function switch the the the (A), as the turned the flashes and hear Press (E) and the off the section the flashes and the appear the warmest reached. GB
GB of the food the function that the following +5C the -18C the the reach -18C, introducing the the To If the the lighting off electronically; this, the lighting function closing and the Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. the off, the shown and the lighted. Functions activating the the Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and The following functions indicated: Select/Switch off/Switch Select/Switch off/Switch Select /Switch off /Switch each selection The the (D) to the and than the (B) to the the (B) the flashes the To the choice of the the (E). You hear the seconds and the displays the selected seconds, then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. of to the Attention! the the first the to the this that the displayed than the Child function function function function Chill function
Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the selected the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. It to the function the and then E. Child Function The child function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the and then E. of the to the cooling necessary. this reason to cover the the shelves with food the Allow to reach this the frost building from each other. to foods closed or them or them the This foods their The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the Attention! the and when: recently selected the food the Function "H" The function the 15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of To turn the function as the selected The the to C, C the GB
GB "H Press to the the "function the Attention! The with function Function If to amount of food, the activating the function to the products and to the other food which already the The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. The function off hours. It to the function the and then E. Function The function activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen 5C 18C), the food It to the function the selected of the Chill Function The Chill function, to the cooling of the the activated necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this operates with of and from to pressing the At the of the selected there the following indications: the the flashing the flashing the flashing sounding of acoustic pressed. At this bear to the the It to the function the and then E.
with the of the The the from the that the further the closed. The and There the that to allow the to The the recommended food types: Ready-cooked foods, fresh meat, products. Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, GB ENB
The shelves the to allow the of items. To the shelves, the to The chart the of the instruction information the The as only. cover the shelves with or as this the within the foods the allow foods to reach the foods, or closed them the this of food GB to the with BRITA MAXTRA BRITA including BRITA MAXTRA BRITA the
Water Water INITIAL OPERATIONS TO USE YOUR WATER DISPENSER and other protection from the assembly; Clean the as the WATER DISPENSER CLEANING PROCEDURE chapter to WATER DISPENSER CLEANING PROCEDURE Unblock the the of the as shown the the BRITA MAXTRA from the Press the the and it the of the the the of the the and the Unscrew the counter clockwise to the because to functioning of the features); Clean the the and the with of and and the the cleaning of the other to from the Clean the and the dishwasher or with of and and them; the cleaning back the from the and assembly the the of the the assembled the the Block the the of GB
GB the BRITA MAXTRA the as chapter to the BRITA MAXTRA How to the BRITA MAXTRA STEP PREPARING THE CARTRIDGE To BRITA please protective wrapper and wrapper appear this and to The ready to other there to the Cartridge. STEP INSERT IN THE WATER TANK the the the and thoroughly and Then thoroughly the of the with cloth and as the the and 'clicks' The should the turned STEP RINSE CARTRIDGE the of the BRITA the with and allow to through. the first the These first to the Then the back BRITA the cover back the and to fits correctly STEP REFILL WATER TANK To the with the top of and the through the cover as shown the the that to to of of closing and of the
to completely the head of NOTE IF YOU HAVE NOT USED ALL FILTERED WATER IN THE WATER TANK WITHIN DAYS PLEASE DISCARD ANY WATER LEFT INSIDE THE BRITA WATER FILTER UNIT BEFORE REFILLING IT. Allow the to through and STEP as as the BRITA REMOVE CARTRIDGE WITH RING PULL HANDLE To the four the the top of the to from the and THE BRITA MEMO performance and to BRITA regularly. BRITA that the the BRITA of every four BRITA when to the The BRITA the recommended of of easy to and when to The BRITA located the of the really the To please and the the four appear the and The GB
GB Functional The flashing the right of the that the Every to the life. four four This, and flashing arrow that the should to the instructions and the as NOTE: only showing, should whether BRITA MAXTRA to hand. The to with BRITA BRITA "MEMO" The of approximately years. At the of the "MEMO's" please that and to the "MEMO" to and To the "MEMO" screwdriver the notch to the "MEMO" and Please that "MEMO" should other reason than to of IMPORTANT INFORMATION The MUST BE CLOSED with the WATER VALVE the functioning of the The of other type or the and the It to hear when the the the the once the below the to that the collected the
such as The to the that foodstuff. Please within to Should BRITA prolonged vacation), that the and the the the the and to of to the BRITA MAXTRA The BRITA with treated this constantly and to to or with from which tested to If instruction from the authorities that boiled, the BRITA the instruction to force, the cleaned and You purchase BRITA and through service of or BRITA. More information the of BRITA and the found the BRITA information of the The with the which that fresh food and of and food. of food first or of the products the the least hours. The -15C and -24C. the internal of -18C, which and of the foods. Attention! the the first the to the this it that the displayed than the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the 5C the GB
GB functioning the shows the warmest the the of defrosting, to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). increase the the to indicated by: flashing flashing flashing of the sounding of restored: the acoustic off; the to flash; "E" to the the highest reached the appears seconds. Then the showing the of the selected the phase, the switched off E. fresh food The of and food, and fresh food. The of foods to hours shown the To the amount of food indicated the the food directly with the cooling the or the food the or the slightly reduced. the food to the as this the To fresh foods, to the function. Press necessary) the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the appear with of hours, the foods the The hours. this other foods the This function hours. It to the function the and then E.
the It to products the finished. Doing this the another Intermediate foods already of food to the the lowermost from and food the shelves. to to the the of products them It to foods they them the If the food already recommended, to as as Food first the or the of to least hours food. the indicated the the or than necessary. It to products the finished. Doing this the Intermediate foods already of food to the the from and food the shelves. of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their the Ice immediately GB
GB from the burn. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to thaw and and Tips) items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. or food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Defrosted cooked food To Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to that to the pointed or Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear 'click' when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that
they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated the the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without its The following should Ice Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish Should and Dishes should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER cleaning products or to the as these the and GB
GB Cleaning the with Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the Appliance the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the the to the To the performance the should every New purchased from the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the cover the cover. the accessory and as such covered the operation, the closed. The should from the Defrosting Defrosting this To the Light Should the light to as below: Break the of the
Press the of the screwdriver and the and the cover the indicated the arrow the replaced. type: T25 V, W, thread) the the cover, and apply to the GB
GB If the correctly, please the following Service Force to the The the or too high The continuously The the or too frost and built The If the correctly, Service Force Please that it to of purchase service Something Something the There The Thermostat The located The thermostat too The thermostat the The of food the The too frequently. The obstructed. The thermostat too cold. The Something the The dirty. The should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. there the there the household lights. the the thermostat the within the operating of C to C. that the thermostat turned to the to the thermostat the the than necessary. that the obstructed. the thermostat to warmer the nothing the from closing. the and clean. the the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk service the of Ireland Telephone: concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus Cus please the the heading Something Not Working?. the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase GB
GB that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or Conditions Conditions to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please
Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland GB
GB Technical Height class, to EU Rated (A) of the Transportation, The and the protected and of white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. Instructions the ENB cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat location where the to the which the ENB
The found the rating The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C the of the there spacers which the top corners. the screws and the the screw head, the re-tighten the screws. the Appliance of shelf the that from the This the front. the to of heat such as or The to operation. shows the when installed: The to the shelves These the further operation of the the as as the to the front of the shelf. GB
GB the back of the from its and then its front upwards/downwards. the of the On the to and characteristics. The should the the turned the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the cover the cover. operation, the closed. The should from the Should the location the of the The with the to the right. Carry the as the and the instructions. that another to who the of the the from the supply.
the of the the top cover the screws then the the from of the top cover to the other Unscrew the screws the mount the top right-hand and the screw the other the and the slightly and Unscrew the screw the and the other mount from the of the Please the the mount the slightly and both the the covering using screw Unscrew the the and then screw the other Don't the the the covering the other GB
GB the cover of the mount and to the other the locking the screw (s) the locking to the other of the other and screwing the screw (s). the the other of the the of the mount the of the the the and the mount with screws the Don't the the as The of the to the of the the the the top mount and the from the and the screws the the top cover using screws the to the repositioning of the then the the and to the supply. If to these yourself, please the service Technicians
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications, EEC of Directive) and GB
GB and of of fresh foods the meat airtight meat covered Roasted meat covered minced meat covered minced meat covered Cold airtight covered covered covered Fresh airtight covered airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour Curds peas, beans (strawberry, raspberry, Other covered with covered Notation: to really fresh only) chart of
www.electrolux.com M-300, Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Great www.electrolux.fr CG H-1142 XIV, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 LT-09108 Ireland Risl GB SK, S4, RO CH-5506 O "O Service, S:t S-105
GB A/E/NY33. Printed
www.electrolux.com