INSTALLATION AND INSTRUCTION MANUAL ER REFRIGERATOR
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the food The shelves Health and Defrosting Normal Sounds and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Not Working? Service and Customer Conditions Service Force Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should installed. the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to trapped
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Can shelf with fresh shelves Thermostat
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate the although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling Turning the to the defrosting to Fresh food To the performance, food or the or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat or poultry): polythene and top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as The shelves To of food of To this as thorough cleaning, the bottle shelf the of the arrows, then D040 PR187
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and it as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food that it then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and the and allow to and the the or chipped the to that and from with and them with clean towel food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly
DEFROSTING The the The located the back of the the where To overflowing the clean the the of the the back of the the the which already the Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and D037
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. cleaning the outer with NOT products. Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows, the screw from the light cover and then the cover outward the of the Unscrew the and with from Service the light cover its and the screw. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to D662 D731 CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY COMPRESSOR
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the to The light The the too high The continuously frost and built Water the If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the blown. that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean? to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something and the and purchase to hand. Please that to of purchase service customers should that the the heading Something Not Working as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY (*)This based with EN153. the and where located). INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, located where the below 10C (50F) or 32C (90F), operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the NP006 D200
carrying the operations below, the from the Carry as follows: Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and the the Unscrew the foot the of the and it the the and the to the the and the the with the already the screwed amount of force the screws. It therefore to the screw this operation. of the operation, that the the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Household Appliances