INSTRUCTION BOOKLET o ER UK
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the food The shelves The food Normal operating sounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Not Service and Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should installed. the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply the from the or Appliance to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the installation instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibly, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the Child allow children to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of foodstuff. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once it or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. and the they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the
Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Can with fresh shelves Thermostat
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the and the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate usually the although the affected by: often the food Position of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further The the and the located the To the when food and when the 25C or slightly the (A) and the food the and when the higher than 25C the to its This reduces the the food To the performance, food or the cover or the cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat or polythene and the top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as D182 D302
The shelves To of food of the height. To this as thorough cleaning, the top and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them The This the of food and food foods straight The each other or top of each other. You strongly to food the as as purchase and therefore that them that the intact. which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. the too often and than necessary. the of the The food the affected the and the Should the food to and PR187 PR190 Food of the type of food and the of the Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of the The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the to free that to the using or pointed which of the Their frost burns. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns".
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food that then the as as NOT and cooked they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and clean thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and to and cleaning). allow to and the the or chipped the to that and free from with and them with food. clean and using the or knife, without them thoroughly
DEFROSTING While the becomes covered with frost. This frost, which acts as and the from reaching the food should whenever the thickness of the frost To defrosting as follows: the completely the of the the of the food from the sheets of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to the OFF (O) To of the (with of the as protection). defrosting completed, thoroughly and the collected the Turn the thermostat to the the least the previously food the defrosting to the foods from the and the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. products. cleaning the outer with NOT products. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to switch off and the from the electricity supply. the as follows: Unscrew light with from Appliance the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to D358 D359 CONDENSER COMPRESSOR
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? contacting Appliance the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, the to The light The the or section too high The continuously frost and built If the there Appliance should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If further information the the and of the or to please Appliance telephoning: Symptom there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the relative to the within the operating of 16C to 32C. the necessary. the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean? defrosting to operating sounds.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) TOTAL GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING (*)This based with EN153. the and where located). INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, located where the below 16C (61F) or 32C (90F), operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using NP006 D200
carrying the operations below, the from the To this through the following Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and the the Unscrew the foot the of the and the the and the to the hand Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the contained the positioning the the the screws of force when It therefore to the screw this operation. of the operation, that the the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Appliance This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Household Appliances