INSTRUCTION BOOKLET o ER UK
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the food The shelves Normal Sounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Not Service and Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Appliance to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow children to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Appliance At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Can with fresh shelves Thermostat OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the the although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling Turning the to the defrosting to If to to the thermostat to higher however should the to allow defrosting.
food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat or poultry): polythene and the shelf top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as The shelves To of food of the height. To this as thorough cleaning, the top shelf and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them D302 PR187 PR190
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and home. It then to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food that it then the as as NOT and cooked they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and to and Cleaning). allow to and the the or chipped the to that and from with and them with food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly
DEFROSTING The the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the clean the the of the the back of the the the which already the D037 MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the freely. products. cleaning the with NOT products. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity D662 CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY COMPRESSOR
the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Appliance the light cover its and the screw. D411 the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Appliance the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the to The light The the too high The continuously frost and built Water the If the there Appliance customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If further information the the terms and of the or to please Appliance telephoning: Symptom there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. Check the thermostat turned to the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean? to operating sounds. the and Cleaning).
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN153. the and where located. INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, it located where the below 10C (50F) or 32C (90F), operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using NP006 D200
carrying the operations below, the from the To this through the following Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and the the Unscrew the foot the of the and it the the and the to the Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the positioning the the the screws of force when It therefore to the screw this operation. of the operation, that the the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Appliance This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
Household Appliances