C REFRIGERATOR ER
Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the The food Normal Sounds food The shelves Defrosting Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Working? Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Positioning
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should installed. the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children
of the Appliance Can with C shelf shelves food and Thermostat
the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the and the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the the intermediate usually the The thermostat as the the the following factors: often the food of the The the and the located the To the when food and when the 25C or slightly the (A) and the food the and when the higher than 25C the to its This reduces the the The This the of food and food foods straightforward. The each other or top of each other. You to food the as as purchase and therefore that them that the intact. which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated. the too often and than necessary. the of the food the affected the and the the the food to and D182
Food of the type of food and the of the Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of the The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the which of the Their frost burns. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as D040
The shelves To of food of the shelf To this as thorough cleaning, the top and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them Defrosting While operation the becomes covered with frost. This frost, which acts as and the from reaching the food should whenever the thickness of the frost To defrosting as follows: the completely the of the the of the food from the of newspaper and cool the the of the thermostat To defrosting, of the (with of the as protection). defrosting completed, thoroughly and the collected the The operating following the least hour, the previously food the defrosting to the foods from the and the of the food their life. to off frost from the as
Health and of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and to and cleaning). allow to and the the or chipped the to that and from with and them with food. clean and the or knife, without them thoroughly
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. cleaning the with NOT products. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to switch off and the from the electricity supply. the as follows: Unscrew light with from Service the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the leaving the to D358 D359 CONDENSER COMPRESSOR
Something Working? If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following to The light The the or section too high The continuously frost and built If the there Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the relative to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the cabinet/and or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. defrosting to operating sounds.
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something Not Working and the and purchase to hand. Please that to of purchase service customers should that the the heading Something Not as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer Newbury RG14 5XL
Conditions that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Newbury
Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY STAR RATING Positioning this to efficiently, should located from heat boilers, sunlight This includes locations or where the reaches C or below You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the and There should of and the top of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the or D200
WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the from Service Force whose the Customer which instruction This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
carrying the operations below, the from the Carry as follows: Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the the and to from the top Unscrew the top from the top and the the Unscrew the foot the of the and the the and the to the the and the the with punch. Cover the with the the the screwed amount of force exerted the screws. It therefore to the screw this operation. of the tion, that the the