C REFRIGERATOR ER
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the Fresh food The shelves The fresh food food Normal Sounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Service and Customer Conditions Service Force Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in Instructions Building the the plinth
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force to this ance should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the tion instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibly, which nevertheless and of the ance, that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the ance situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore autho- technicians. when ance as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the as they burst when the Manufacturers recommended should to. to tions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply.
the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE shelves Thermostat OPERATION the ance with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the At the of the Appliance of autho- the and that or catches to intermediate usually the although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further
If the defrosting correctly, that selected, the which the from of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling and the cooling Turning the to the defrosting to food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, useful hints: meat thene and top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as The shelves thorough cleaning, the shelf and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them D040
The This fresh food, the of food and fresh food To fresh foods it to the of the thermostat However, operation, the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to warmer top quality, fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food foods straightforward. The each other or top of each other. You strongly to food the as as chase and therefore that them that the intact. which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. the too often and than the of the The food the affected the and the Should the food to thaw, and Food of the type of food and the of the Meat, and should the ation and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their thawing type of or follow the instructions, the of the The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the which of the Their frost burns. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the below, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermo- the and hear click when the thermostat and
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as tion as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and home. It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that it then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. that food the and and to that food its It that food its The foods to fresh and of the quality. The of each should enough to that and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce. food from and to and allow to and the the or chipped the and the to that they and free from with and them with towel food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly
DEFROSTING The every the The the located beneath the to the where To overflowing and the food the the (F) the the (P) which already the The however, become gressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this operation to switch off the or to the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the when the becomes thick the defrosting should as follows: the from the or the thermostat to the O food, layers of newspaper and cool the the top of the the the as shown the when defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the the the thermostat back to the or the the or three hours, the previously food the of the food defrosting, their age life. S.I.011 PR151
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELEC- TRICITY supply. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POW- DERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PROD- UCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTE- RIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. products. cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the to the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: Unscrew the light and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force the light cover its and the screw. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to S.I.013 D411
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the to The light The the or section too high The frost and built Water the If the there Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there checking the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the thermostat to the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something Not Working and the and chase to hand. Please that to of purchase service should that the the heading Something Not Working as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to statutory and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN153. the and where it located. INSTALLATION Positioning this to efficiently, should located from heat tors, boilers, performance obtained with +10C and +32C. and reversibility, necessary, to the instructions the following
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If own the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 This with the following E.E.C. Directive: AMP BROWN
BUILDING-IN INSTRUCTIONS carrying the from the screwdriver release the internal and from its seat together with the and the the the through the and the the and the top and To of food, the with which the properly closed. the from the with the (A) of the from the To the the as lows: Apply the to the of the the they click. N.B. The to assembled the the with the PR140 DO002 DO001
To the of the as shown the of the tion, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the covering and the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. DO013 S.I.005
To mount the as shown the
Screw the covering
the plinth the operation of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth heights than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the DO008
Household Appliances