INSTRUCTION BOOK ER Household Appliances
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the The should hours It to the or to this the supply as stated the from the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply the back of the which heat should exposed. or its service to this Child to when instructions. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with they this the or sunlight. from of autho- catches to children the and that or specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of items, including food, food cool from the electricity supply. Technical Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance the The fresh food food D715 PIED/M the and the to the the (I) which should then the and then screw the the from (D), the the the releasing from the (H). Unscrew the the food Normal operating sounds shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light with screwdriver, the 14.The screws. 12.Unscrew the them the the and the 13.The the the the the screws Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Defrosting D590 that the to the If the the with cool perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the PR04
EARTHED. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE this The should should or to this Service Force obtained from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of home. modifications. EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the C GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE and Yellow Earth with the following The wires the coloured the of terminals as follows: with the the If the of the wires AMP BROWN CORD CLAMP BLUE the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. D207 E- Compartment fresh food F- Compartment food B- A- Thermostat D- C- Can G- the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the shelves H- shelf
hours to of fresh food. It to the thermostat when fresh food. fresh food with and of the to of OPERATION using It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the food to and the Should the of the The food the affected the and Hints&Tips). food to the of the as this the thermostat with and The the OFF (O) or as the thoroughly. The the Turn the thermostat to the the 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning then the thermostat to the first or of the products the the least hours the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. food the the The thermostat as the following factors: prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the cooling Turning the defrosting to often the food of the NP002 least (4) You should that freely the top of the and around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the as this or items from the burns. the immediately from the burns. of food and The four-star fresh foods. The D200 the back of the the to spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) they The containing the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear spacers PR60
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective or wrap the food, To the performance, food or the food the or the food, to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely defrosted it or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which to thaw cooked and then Thawing GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly poultry): polythene and top of the ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the the and where located. This based with EN bottles: these should and should the bottle the the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. Defrosted cooked food or to the from the D040 The of the that shelves as shelves D758 light items such as heights of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown.
and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to cool to the frosting the airtight them the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and straight The of insulated food the food the immediately. food or To the performance from Food service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: If there the of Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and within should the of Meat: Can Should cooked and then food without its The following there within them. foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. there the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the the of as as the food and food together too try to allow to around each food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight quality. Partially food and that it its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of the food and than food, reduces the please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and The the of Slough UK
Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D731 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the with NOT products. cleaning The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. D037 foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the COMPRESSOR CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY D273 to the throughly replacing. the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: sheets of newspaper and food from the and beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the the of the Clean and thoroughly. D068/2 the least hour, the previously food the this of defrosting the the the food defrosting, the thermostat and shorten their life. the to the or the thermostat to functioning
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom The purchase and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following please the the heading Something Not Working. the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the High Street Customer SLI IDZ CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT please Customer or telephone as follows:- concerning or further information products, of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to this recorded defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SLI IDZ of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to this recorded defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. the and If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
as follows: defrosting (once or this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this operation Clean and thoroughly. the of the or the from the the thermostat to the OFF (O) of the low-sided the and the the the of the beneath the to the food from the and of newspaper and the thermostat to functioning the to the or the the food the least shorten their life. the thermostat and the food defrosting, defrosting the the this of D068/2
Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D731 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the with NOT products. cleaning The the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. D037 foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the COMPRESSOR CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY D273 to the throughly replacing. the of the the back of To overflowing the the the the the and which already the
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the cool and that the of the that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Food To the performance from food or food the immediately. arrive the food straight The of insulated the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and them the airtight frosting the the food to cool to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the the to Food which to (when cool) should service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: food uncovered. that food its and and to that food the to around each food together too try to allow clean, to and food from and the food and as as the of to the the and the or the too as to switch from closing properly. there the fresh and as cooked dishes. should Dishes: should Shellfish: Should and foods, the closed. If the Ice-cream: Once should there crystals within them. food without its The following Joints: Should cooked and then of Meat: Can within should the If should cooked and Breads Can without Should cooked and as If there the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased food, reduces the food and than the which or of within hours. that the the indicated the and that its Partially food airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another of The the and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months Slough UK
Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food the or the food, to used, cooked from this cooking food items uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat only this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly meat poultry): polythene and top of the ready-cooked directly should directly the their thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the This based with EN the and where located. bottles: these should and should the bottle the the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food or to the from the D040 The of the that shelves as shelves D758 light items such as heights of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown.
OPERATION to of the with and of fresh food when fresh food. It to the thermostat food. hours to of fresh It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the Turn the thermostat to the The usually the thoroughly. or as the OFF (O) The the thermostat with and as this the food to the of the and Hints&Tips). The food the affected the the of the and the Should the food to thaw, which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. Positioning food of the often the following factors: The thermostat as the the the defrosting to cooling Turning the to the the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the prolonged of abnormally weather, food than necessary. Finally, the or the indicated the the least hours the first or of the products the then the thermostat to the NP002 least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the The fresh foods. The four-star of food and burns. from the immediately the frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or D200 the back of the the spacers to spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) they The containing the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear spacers PR60
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of it should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off C If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 E- Compartment fresh food F- Compartment food B- A- Thermostat D- C- Can G- the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red. shelves H- shelf
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of items, including food, food cool from the electricity supply. of the Appliance the The fresh food food Technical Positioning Rear Spacers D715 PIED/M the and the to the the (I) which should then the and then screw the the from (D), the the the releasing from the (H). Unscrew the the food Normal operating sounds shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light with screwdriver, the 14.The screws. 12.Unscrew the them the the and the 13.The the the the the screws Defrosting Service and Customer Something Not Conditions D590 that the to the If the the with cool perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the PR04
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or using the the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the from the should to leaving the should or to that the turned to allow the This should the supply Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. or its service to this Child to when instructions. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow to with the or with the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with they this the or sunlight. from of autho- catches to children the and that or specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER Household Appliances