INSTRUCTION BOOK ER
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing This heavy. should when It to the or to this the supply from as stated the to allow should to leaving the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the The should hours Parts which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. allow to with the or with the from catches to the and that or of authorised as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once or the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Specification Positioning Rear spacers Operation the The fresh food of food food shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions
with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION of commercially food and The four-star fresh foods. The Switch the the The thermostat as the following factors: The the thermostat with and OFF (O) The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the the hours to of fresh food. It to the thermostat switch least hours food to when fresh food. the the food to the of the as this the fresh food cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to often the food of the the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the the C or the Switch, located to the the the thermostat switched to and Please that this the light the closed. Switch operation). should the this of caused the switch 16C to the switch off
the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. or to the from the first or of then the thermostat to the least hours the the products the the opertion the indicated the of food including food, food Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply; such as or plastic, which the through them. the shelves with protective cover or the food, To the performance, food or the To correctly, hints: food as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. the Finally, the or than necessary. immediately from the burns. Warning the and the the the and then screw the the from (G), the which should then the the the from (H) and the Unscrew the the polythene and top of the meat bottles: these should and should the bottle the these should polythene to as as airtight or wrapped or Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then food items cooked the or the food, to used, from this cooking cooked while and of meat that it thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the Thawing 11.The the Screw the hinge the the screws previously with the of the 12.The screws. the the ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing type of food: follow the instructions, the of or the Defrosted cooked food that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the
WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this Service Force obtained from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of relative to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive The of the that shelves as shelves the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the light items such as heights of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the shelf the The shelves easily shown. and Earth with the following The wires the coloured as follows: If the of the wires with the the the of The months the of goods.Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The of the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the
and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Food which to (when cool) should the to the defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the food to cool to the frosting the airtight them the arrive the straight The of insulated food food the immediately. round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and food or To the performance from Food It to the from the supply; the therefore easily each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning If there the of foods, the closed. If the within Should cooked and as Breads Can without If should cooked and of Meat: Can Joints: Should cooked and then should the food there crystals within them. Ice-cream: Once should Shellfish: Should and without checking its The following Dishes: should should as cooked dishes. and fresh quickly. there obstructions the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the the of as as the food and food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food uncovered. outhouse, where the and from to or or colder or then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C food and than food, reduces the the and that its the indicated the that the within hours. which or of Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight the of the screwing the foot, or the of the The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the Rear the back of the the to spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) they The containing
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Height Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY Width POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force plastics this this reason cleaned with with chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the and where located. This based with EN The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
the from the and the food. this operation. the frost reached thickness of to this to to the throughly replacing. that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS of newspaper and food from the and turn the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the the to the or the thermostat to functioning defrosting (once or as follows: Clean and thoroughly. the and to these hours which charged. service this Service Force or become the Companys property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: this of defrosting the the the food defrosting, the thermostat and their life. the least hour, the previously food the Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force the mechanical or breakdown. customers should that the as the of hours normally the food the the If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the ELECTROLUX Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please the thermostat the turned to the to there checking the household lights. Check the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the it the The the or section too high The light to the The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The High Street Customer www.electrolux.co.uk concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or SL1 1DZ defrosting that nothing the from that obstructed. the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built to this recorded This to the within the 6C or the thermostat to the prolonged of and lower, the this operation the and Water the
of approximately hours normally the food the the customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the of service, or to purchase please ELECTROLUX Service Force telephoning:- the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not telephone routed to the Service Force covering the thermostat the turned to the relative to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street SL1 1DZ defrosting that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the to operating sounds. frost and built to this recorded This to the within the 6C or the thermostat to the prolonged of and lower, the this Check the and Water the
throughly to the replacing. this necessary to the frost reached thickness of to the food. this operation. the from the and that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the Clean and thoroughly. as follows: (once or the thermostat to functioning the to the or or the from the the thermostat to the OFF (O) food from the and of newspaper and and to these hours which service this Service Force or become the Companys property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the the food the least their life. the thermostat and the food the the this of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another Slough UK
Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY and with from Unscrew the light and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force only cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning This based with EN the and where located. The the located the of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. the which of the the back of To overflowing the the the already the the the foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the heat, such as or the to of obstructed. the and that the of the which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Food To the performance from food or thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring food the immediately. food it straight The of insulated arrive the them the airtight frosting the the food to cool to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the the to Food which to (when cool) should It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning food uncovered. that food its and and to that food the clean, to and food from and to around each food together too to allow the food and as as the of to the the and the or the too as to switch from closing properly. there the quickly. fresh and as cooked dishes. should Dishes: should without its The following Shellfish: Should and Ice-cream: Once should there crystals within them. should the food Should cooked and then of Meat: Can If should cooked and Breads Can without Should cooked and as If there the of foods, the closed. If the within outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or reduces the food and than food, Partially food which or of within hours. that the and that its the indicated the the the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the Rear spacers the back of the the spacers to spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) they The containing
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The of the that shelves as shelves easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off light items such as of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown. the of If own the of the wires with the the as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth The months the of goods.Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and The of or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
of food the indicated the the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the first or of the from the or to trays. The with or To release the the and them the the tray(s) to the to including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply; Warning than necessary. Finally, the or from the immediately burns. the frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or food hints: To correctly, food or the To the performance, or the food, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which the and the hinge the the and then screw the the from (G), the which should then the the the from (H) and the Unscrew the the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while from this cooking food, to used, the or the food items cooked then Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and should eaten as as or thrown food which to thaw cleaned and the these should thoroughly or the Meat only this airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as these should meat poultry): polythene and top of the the bottle the bottles: these should and should 11.The the Screw the the the screws previously with the of the 12.The screws. the the Defrosted cooked food or the the of type of food: follow the instructions, microwave thawing the their should directly ready-cooked directly that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the or shelves. should and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to thaw, when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing This should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and only should used. allow children to with the or with the from catches to the and that or of authorised as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once it or the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION using of food and The four-star fresh foods. The Switch the the The thermostat as the following factors: The the thermostat with and OFF (O) The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the the hours to of fresh food. It to the thermostat switch least hours food to when fresh food. the the food to the of the as this the fresh food cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to often the food of the the of the The to and and the Should the food food the affected the the C or the Switch, located to the the the thermostat switched to and Please that this the light the closed. Switch operation). should the this of caused the switch 16C to the switch off
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the the The fresh food of food Thawing Fresh food Technical Specification Positioning Rear spacers shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER