INSTRUCTION BOOK ER ER BN Household Appliances
from the electricity supply. food cool items, including food, of Gently the its back with the top from the inch- the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the (B). (A). Unscrew the (E). and the of the bot- (F) from the (C). the releasing from the the the from (D), the (I) which should then the (D) and then screw the D715 C Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to when the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. the (B). the and (A) the the (E) the (F) from the and the of the to the the and the D590 This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow to with the or with the from this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If of autho- catches to children the and that or or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once the and the to the and the which closing of the The with D752 should strictly to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance To the Appliance the of food shelves The easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the coloured with the following the from the off and Cleaning cleaning cleaning fresh food food Normal operating sounds Health and If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW the the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Positioning correctly. It should located atmosphere, of This to below 10C (50F). If these colder or warmer, then the sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions C COL COLDES the the There should of of beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least (4) NP002 Rear DO NOT with restricted screw head, then the screws. the screws and the the the with the there which as shown the foot, or the of the the of the screwing the PR107 A- Thermostat and E- D- shelf B- C- shelf D200 J- food I- Compartment fresh foods H- F- shelves G-
the 10C and 16C, the should the should and the 16C the with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the to the high COLDEST COLD COLDEST COLD to and the the approximately supply. the Turn the thermostat section, to and the and switch the hours the to reached the back of the food Allow the to hours To the Appliance POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY or the food, food or the cover To the performance, such as or plastic, which cover the shelves with protective the Fresh food D751 The the thermostat with and OFF (O) The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the To switch off the the thermostat to O the This based with EN the and where located. polythene and the meat or poultry): the To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the The thermostat as the both within the and the The thermostat the the the following factors: of often the food of the bottles: these should and should the bottle the the amount of through the the of the which
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or please the the back of If the with the the obstructed. Warning This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the property. service this Service Force hours which and to these D756 The of the that shelves as shelves The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the D040 light items such as of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the shelf the The shelves easily shown. This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of PR189/1 The bottle the of bottles. Slough UK PR190
the food items cooked from this food the or uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then Thawing of food and The four-star fresh foods. the and the thermostat to fresh foods the to higher The fresh food ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing food: follow the instructions, the of or the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the To operation of the the with the or food to the of the as this the hours the and thermostat to previous hours to Defrosted cooked food affected the and the the of DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR, the food the If the the and the food to the food without its food or of the including the the the indicated the the or than absolutely necessary. food Warning should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. The following should as this or items from the burns. The with trays. the to allow the to and them of the from the burns. To the the to release the
operation. The below of the hear. These and The advanced of frost free hear operating correctly Normal Sounds The to the and the sounds blowing or and whirring sound. The thermostat the when or Water the heater hissing or sound the through the cooling The flow of the Defrost the or sound The operating. while sounds clock The and clicks and of the
food, once food and than food, reduces the of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that its that the within hours. which or of the indicated. the food, bottles or of with to the the as they food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too try to allow to around each the closed as as telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following service the of Ireland and Telephone The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of as this the of the the or fresh food the to food which already food to and its and to reduce meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked they to the everything and clean thoroughly. food from and clean to and that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. allow to and food uncovered. concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the telephone Customer High Street SLI IDZ Slough The purchase or knife, without them thoroughly and using the them with towel food. with and or chipped the the It that food its the to that clean and free from to this recorded The fresh foods to fresh and of the and and The of each should enough to that
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning to the The light The the or section too high the the it there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the to the thermostat the Unscrew the light and then outward pressing as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D411 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the outer with NOT products. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning The The continously that the closed. the necessary. the within the operating of 10C to 32C. to allow the to If the thermostat to the the cabinet/and or of food recently to frost free. as this automatically. This there to the light its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. that obstructed. charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the CONDENSER COMPRESSOR DEFROST TRAY D273
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the thermostat the turned to the relative to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D411 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the with NOT products. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning of food recently the cabinet/and or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to frost free. as this automatically. This there to the light its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the CONDENSER COMPRESSOR DEFROST TRAY D273
to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and showed that the of of and It then hours to as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the to once-a-week that and of from foods. This food, reduces the food and than food, once the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the as as to around each food together too try to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as cool as that it the as they with to the food, bottles or of the the indicated. which or of within hours. that the and that its Partially food airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following service the of Ireland and Telephone food uncovered. allow to and to thaw slowly. The to food to the that food its and and to that food the to and Cleaning). food from and everything and thoroughly. to the NOT and cooked meat, they meat other food. If the meat reduce food to and its and to the to food which already the or fresh food as this the of the of The the and the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the telephone Customer High Street SLI IDZ Slough The purchase that and from the to It that food its the the or chipped with and them with food. the and or knife, without them thoroughly to this recorded that The of each should enough to and and the The fresh foods to fresh and of
operation. The below of the hear. These and The advanced of frost hear operating correctly Normal Sounds The to cool the and the sounds blowing or and whirring sound. The thermostat the when or Water the heater hissing or sound the through the cooling The of the Defrost the sounds clock The and clicks and of the or sound The operating. while
fresh food The higher fresh foods the to the and the thermostat to foods. The four-star of food and cooked and then food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooking food the or food items cooked from this the hours to thermostat to previous hours the and as this the food to the of the the with the or To operation of the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while the the of or food: follow the instructions, microwave thawing the their should directly ready-cooked directly Warning food than necessary. the or the indicated the the the including the food or of without its If the the and the food to thaw, the food Defrosted cooked food THE DOOR, the food the the of DO NOT OPEN affected the and the from the Ice immediately burns. them of the the to allow the to and The with trays. burns. items from the as this or The following should cooked as cooked dishes. and Dishes should Shellfish should and once should there crystals within them. of Meat: should cooked and Breads without should cooked and as should cooked and then to release the To the the
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS please the the back of If using the with the the obstructed. Warning service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: D756 The of the that shelves as shelves Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased D040 light items such as heights of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another PR189/1 The bottle shelf the of bottles. UK PR190
using OPERATION to of the with and of thoroughly. or as the the 16C the should and 16C, the should the the 10C and Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS To the Appliance Allow the to hours installation. food the back of the hours the to reached the and switch the section, to and supply. the Turn the thermostat the to and the COLD COLDEST COLD COLDEST the high the to POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY the to O To switch off the the thermostat Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the OFF (O) thermostat with and The the D751 food the the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which To the performance, food or the cover or the food, This based with EN the and where located. food of the often the of the the following The thermostat the both within the and the The thermostat as the factors: cleaned and the these should thoroughly or the Meat this airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as hints: To correctly, the meat or poultry): polythene and the shelf the of the which the amount of through the the bottle the bottles: these should and should
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. Positioning C COL COLDES NP002 least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). There should of of the the PR107 the of the screwing the foot, or the of the spacers which as shown the the with the there the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. DO NOT with restricted Rear spacers A- Thermostat and E- D- B- C- D200 J- food I- Compartment fresh foods H- F- shelves G-
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. of the Appliance To the Appliance the of food shelves The Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the coloured with the following the from the off fresh food food Thawing Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Yellow Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW Something Not Working the the light Defrosting Service and Customer Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
top from the inch- Gently the its back with the of items, including food from the electricity supply. the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or using the C D715 (D) and then screw the the the (I) which should then the from (D), the the releasing from the (C). (F) from the and the of the bot- tom Unscrew the (E). (A). the (B). Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to thaw, when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. D590 the and the to the and the of the (F) from the the (E) the the and (A) the the (B). This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow children to with the or with the from that the to the If the the perfectly to the that with of the operation, the of the or this heating the of autho- catches to the and that or trapped or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once D752 The with which closing of the to the and the and the the should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and burns straight from the
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER ER BN Household Appliances