INSTRUCTION BOOK ER
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or using the Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to thaw, when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost Instructions. The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to leaving the should or to that the to allow the This heavy. should the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow to with the or with the from of autho- catches to the and that or trapped or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance To the Appliance the of food shelves The and Cleaning cleaning cleaning fresh food food Thawing Normal operating sounds Health and the the light Defrosting Service and Customer Conditions Something Not
Disconnect from the electricity supply. inches) of top from the Gently the its back with the cool items, including food, food DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the (B). (A). Unscrew the (E). (C). the releasing from the (F) from the and the of the the (D) and then screw the the the (I) which should then the from (D), D715 PIED/M C C COOL FLOW CONTROL MAX MIN the (B). the and (A) the the (E) the (F) from the and the of the to the the and the D590 this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If A- Thermostat and E- D- Bottle B- C- the and the to the and the which closing of the The with D752 J- food Compartment fresh foods H- F- shelves G-
the amount of through the the of the which COOL FLOW CONTROL of with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. the 10C and 16C, the should the MIN should MIN and the 16C the MAX. the high the to MAX. to and the supply. the Turn the thermostat section, to MIN and the and switch the MAX. the approximately hours the to reached the back of the food Allow the to hours installation. To the Appliance easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the with the following the from the off or the food, food or the cover To the performance, Fresh food COOL FLOW CONTROL MAX MIN COOL FLOW CONTROL MAX MIN D757/1 The the thermostat with and OFF (O) The usually the Turn the thermostat to the To switch off the the thermostat to O the If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW polythene and the meat or poultry): the such as or plastic, which cover the shelves with protective the To correctly, hints: Meat only this or the both within the and the The thermostat as the The thermostat the the the following factors: often the food of the or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or these should thoroughly cleaned and the The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions please the the back of If the with the the obstructed. Warning Positioning SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C which located the the of the indicated the rating where the to the This should location The following shows which each easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from D756 The of the that shelves as shelves +18C to 43C +18C to 38C ST beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least correctly. It should located atmosphere, of below 10C (50F). If these colder or warmer, then the sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the NP002 D040 light items such as heights of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown. Rear spacers the the There should of of they that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) the spacers the to The containing the back of the spacers to PR60 PR189/1 The bottle the of bottles. DO NOT with restricted foot, or the of the the of the screwing the D200
the food items cooked from this food the or uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then of food and The four-star fresh foods. the cold and the thermostat to fresh the to higher The fresh food Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS ready-cooked directly should directly the their thawing food: follow the instructions, the of or the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the To of the the with the or food to the of the as this the hours the and thermostat to hours to POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY affected the and the the of DO NOT OPEN THE DOOR, the food the Defrosted cooked food If the the and the food to the food without its food or of the including the the the indicated the the or than necessary. food Warning This based with EN the and where located. should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. The following should the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. immediately from the burns. To release the the or to the from the
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or operation. The below of the hear. These and The advanced of frost free hear operating correctly Normal Sounds This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these The to cool the and the sounds blowing or and whirring sound. The thermostat the when or The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Water the heater hissing or sound the through the cooling The flow of the Defrost the This relates to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and only domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and home. They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of or sound The while sounds clock The and clicks and of the Slough UK
food, once food and than food, reduces the of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight Partially food and that its that the within hours. which or of the indicated. the food, bottles or of with to the the as they food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the as as the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not Working. service the of Ireland Telephone The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating as this the of the the or fresh food the to food which already food to and its and to reduce. The the of other food. If the meat NOT and cooked meat, they to the everything and thoroughly. food from and to and that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. allow to and food uncovered. Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase or knife, without them thoroughly and the them with food. with and or chipped the the It that food its the to that and free from please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough The fresh foods to fresh and of the and and The of each should enough to that
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning to the The light The the or section too high the the blown. there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the to the thermostat the Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D411 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning The The continously that the closed. the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the to allow the to If the thermostat to the to frost free. as this automatically. This there to the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. that obstructed. charge the mechanical or breakdown. customers should that the as the the cabinet/and or of food recently PR259 foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the thermostat the turned to the relative to there the household lights. Check the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force D411 THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to frost free. as this automatically. This there to the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. of food recently the cabinet/and or should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service PR259 foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and and It then hours to showed that the of of as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the to once-a-week that and of from foods. This food, reduces the food and than food, once the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the closed as as to around each food together too try to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as as that the as they food, bottles or of with to the the the indicated. which or of within hours. that the and that its Partially food airtight or that they to the food and the food polythene or the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not service the of Ireland Telephone food uncovered. allow to and to thaw slowly. The to food to the that food its and and to that food the to and food from and everything and thoroughly. to the NOT and cooked they other food. If the meat reduce. food to and its and to the to food which already the or fresh food as this the of the of The the and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase that and free from the to It that food its the the or chipped with and them with food. the and or knife, without them thoroughly please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough the quality. The fresh foods to fresh and of that The of each should enough to and and
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS operation. The below of the hear. These and The of frost hear operating correctly Normal Sounds service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: The to the and the sounds blowing or and whirring sound. The thermostat the when or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased Water the heater hissing or sound the through the cooling The flow of the Defrost the please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another sounds clock The and clicks and of the or sound The while Slough UK
fresh food The higher fresh foods the to the cold and the thermostat to fresh foods. The four-star of food and Thawing cooked and then food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooking food the or food items cooked from this the Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS hours to thermostat to hours the and as this the food to the of the the with the or To of the Meat, and should the that thoroughly cooked through. and of meat cooked while the the of wrapping or food: follow the instructions, microwave thawing the their should directly ready-cooked directly POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY Warning food than absolutely necessary. the or it the indicated the the the including the food or of without its If the the and the food to the food cooked food THE DOOR, the food the the of DO NOT OPEN affected the and the This based with EN the and where located. from the Ice immediately burns. trays. The with or frost/freezer burns. items from the as this or and them the the tray(s) to the to The following should cooked as cooked dishes. and Dishes should Shellfish should and once should there crystals within them. of Meat: should cooked and Breads without should cooked and as should cooked and then the from the or to To release the the
which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning please the the back of If the with the the obstructed. Warning It to the from the supply; the therefore easily each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning D756 The of the that shelves as shelves NP002 outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). +18C to 38C ST +18C to 43C D040 light items such as of bottles and other of the shelves to and the shelves. cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown. PR60 to the back of the The containing the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they There should of of the the Rear spacers PR189/1 The bottle the of bottles. D200 the of the screwing the foot, or the of the DO NOT with restricted
OPERATION to of the with and of thoroughly. or as the of COOL FLOW CONTROL the of the which the amount of through the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. To the Appliance Allow the to hours food the back of the hours the to reached MAX. the approximately the and switch the section, to MIN and supply. the Turn the thermostat to and the MAX. the 16C the should MIN and the to MAX. the high 16C, the should the MIN the 10C and easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to home. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off the to O To switch off the the thermostat Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the OFF (O) thermostat with and The the D757/1 MIN MAX COOL FLOW CONTROL MIN MAX COOL FLOW CONTROL food To the performance, food or the or the food, If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW of the food often the the the following The thermostat the both within the and the The thermostat as the factors: or the Meat this hints: To correctly, the cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the meat or polythene and the or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 cleaned and the these should thoroughly airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as the bottle the bottles: these should and should The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or the to the the red.
items, including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE C D715 PIED/M the from (D), the (I) which should then the (D) and then screw the hinge the and the of the (F) from the the releasing from the (C). Unscrew the (E). (A). the (B). C COOL FLOW CONTROL MAX MIN D590 the and the hinge to the (F) from the and the of the the (E) the the and (A) the the (B). that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the A- Thermostat and E- D- shelf B- C- D752 The with which closing of the and the to the and the the J- food Compartment fresh foods H- F- shelves G-
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off and Cleaning to when defrosting the food DO NOT USE SHARP Defrost The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should Whenever the back of the the supply which heat should exposed. to this Service Force Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance allow children to with the or with the from of autho- catches to children the and that or trapped or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. The cooling plate or this through which the If these this to the and frost/freezer burns straight from the
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the of the Appliance To the Appliance the of food shelves The Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers fresh food food Normal operating sounds Health and cleaning cleaning and Cleaning the light Defrosting Something Not Working the Service and Parts Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER