C REFRIGERATOR ER C
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of they this the This only, specifically the of only. food NOT once it or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. frost/freezer burns straight from the should strictly to instructions. The cooling plate or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Starting food shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Service Force Conditions Instructions the Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. A. light B. Thermostat the the The thermostat switch (B) and the operating light (A) If the Thermostat switch the OFF to turn the switch to and the operating light The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: Turn the thermostat the first the that turn the thermostat to although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further ON To the thermostat to higher the turning of this coin. food To the performance, food or the or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the Meat only this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the
shelves The of the that shelves as of the front half-shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the D338 PR190
HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or the food and as as food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to and food and than food, reduces the the food or or that they to the food and airlight the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. cleaning the with NOT products. of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, D273 the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the leaving the to CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY COMPRESSOR the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; D613 Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and it with from Service Force the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting The every the The the located the back of the the where D037 To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the and the which already the to the throughly replacing.
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following Symptom to the The light The the section too high The continously Water the If, the there Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service there the there the household lights. the blown. that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the to the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the necessary. the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. to operating sounds. the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering The the following please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN the and where located. Height
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This to 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or warmer, then the correctly. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least (4) the top of the and (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). There should of of the the The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear spacers the with the there spacers which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. NP007 D200 D594
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates AMP BROWN BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
from the electricity supply. Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the (D). Unscrew the (E). the from (G), the and then the the screws which the fixing the from the hand the and (E) the the (F) from the (D) and the the (D). Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with PR228 Printed