INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to tions. frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or burns. or the The should hours It to the or to this the supply as stated the from the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This should the Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. or its service to this Child to when instructions. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with they this the or boilers. sunlight. from of autho- catches to the and that or specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS items, including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. Positioning Rear Spacers Technical Specification of the Appliance the food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Health and the with the Unscrew the the the with punch. the the which should then the from (G), the and then screw the the the the and the the feet the the and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and D715 PIED/C that the to the If the the of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with Conditions Customer PR228
WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. this The should should or to this ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 Service Force obtained from the of the The indicated the coloured The the of relative to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the from the off with the following The wires the coloured the fitted. If the that to it off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the C GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE and Earth the of terminals as follows: with the the If the of the wires AMP BROWN CORD CLAMP BLUE the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. D207 Can shelves Compartment Thermostat C the to the the which with the L or coloured red. the to the the which with the N or coloured The moulded the incorporates shelves
cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food with and of the to of OPERATION using It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, useful hints: Meat only this or the meat polythene and top of the cleaned and the these should thoroughly thermostat with and The the OFF (O) or as the thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to the the indicated the rating which This should location where the to the located the the of the The following shows which each which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning bottles: these should and should the bottle the when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Normal Sounds the the The thermostat as the following factors: The intermediate the often the food of the NP007 You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the should beneath and (A). Ideally, the (B). sunlight and from (50F). If these or outhouse, where the below 10C then the correctly. It should located atmosphere, of to or or +16C to 32C +18C to 38C ST SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the cooling plate Turning the defrosting to D200 DO NOT with restricted There should of of the back of the to the the The foot, or the of the the of the screwing the or PR60 spacers to the back of the The containing the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they Rear spacers
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Height The of the that shelves as Positioning the shelves GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY D040 To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves the and where it located. This based with EN of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES PR189/1 or knife, without them thoroughly and using the them with food. with and food from and to and Cleaning). or chipped the the the to that clean and from allow to and as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked they to the everything and thoroughly. food uncovered.
Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS from Service Force Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with D411 THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the flow freely. and that the Clean the of the trough Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: The every the located the back of the The the the where the light its and the screw. Defrosting cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the D037 Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another to the throughly replacing. foods and clean the the the from the electricity supply, to the PR259 Slough UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom The purchase and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the the thermostat the turned to the to there checking the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the The light to the CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or please Customer or telephone as follows:- concerning or further information products, of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that obstructed. that the closed. The continously High Street Customer Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the The light to the concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that obstructed. that the closed. The continously to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
cleaning ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING the light supply, then the as follows; the and from the electricity Should the light to first switch off that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the freely. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE D411 and with as shown the Unscrew the Unscrew the light cover and then it outward from Service Force service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: cleaning You MUST that the switched OFF. of the and electricity of the performance cleaners recommended that the outer casing of this chemicals that the plastics this this reason only cleaned with with Defrosting and the screw. the light its the where The the located the back of the The the Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or year the D037 already the of the the back of the To overflowing the the and the which the the please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the leaving the replacing. throughly to the PR259 Slough UK
Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS The of the that shelves as Positioning the shelves POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY D040 To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves This based with EN the and where located. of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES PR189/1 or knife, without them thoroughly and using the them with food. with and food from and to and or chipped the the the to that and from allow to and as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too try to allow to around each the closed as as meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked meat, they to the everything and clean thoroughly. food uncovered.
OPERATION to of the with and of Fresh food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Position the Turn the thermostat to the thoroughly. or as the OFF (O) The the thermostat with and polythene and top of the meat these should thoroughly cleaned and the or the Meat this hints: To correctly, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which indicated the rating which This should only location where the to the located the the of the The following which each which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning of the food often the The intermediate the following factors: The thermostat as the the the Normal Sounds airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds or to the shelves. when the through the the bottle the bottles: these should and should NP007 sunlight and from (50F). If these or outhouse, where the below 10C then the correctly. It should located atmosphere, of to or or You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the should beneath and (A). Ideally, the (B). +16C to 32C +18C to 38C ST +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C defrosting to cooling Turning the to the the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the prolonged of abnormally weather, the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat D200 DO NOT with restricted There should of of the back of the to the the The foot, or the of the the of the screwing the or PR60 spacers to the back of the The containing the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they Rear
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the coloured with the following the from the off C If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 Can shelves Compartment Thermostat C The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red. shelves
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the items, including food, food Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. of the Appliance the food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Health and Technical Positioning Rear Spacers the with the Unscrew the the the with punch. the the which should then the from (G), the and then screw the the the the and the the the the and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the Defrosting Something Service and D715 PIED/C that the to the If the the of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with Customer Conditions PR228
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to tions. frost/freezer burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply it as stated the from the should to leaving the should or to that the it turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the which heat should exposed. or its service to this Child to when instructions. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow to with the or with the This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with they this the or boilers. sunlight. from of autho- catches to the and that or specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C