INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed and Cleaning The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow from the should to leaving the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and only should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to children the and that or trapped of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Specification Positioning Rear Spacers the food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and Customer Conditions
from the electricity supply. inches) of top from the Gently the its back with the cool items, including food, food cover or the food, To the performance, food or the food with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION the the the the and the Unscrew the the the with the the the with punch. which should then the the the and then screw the the from (G), the such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, hints: Meat only this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly meat polythene and top of the thermostat with and The the OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the the with this heating the the of the or perfectly to the that of the operation, the the that the to the If bottles: these should and should the bottle the when the through the or to the shelves. You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Normal Sounds cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to the the The thermostat as the following factors: The intermediate the the food of the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and
The of the that shelves as Positioning the shelves The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the with the following the from the off of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: and Earth or knife, without them thoroughly clean and using the them with clean food. with and food from and to and or chipped the the the to that it and from allow to and as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as or and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked they to the everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Positioning the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions located the the of the where the to the This should location indicated the rating which each The following shows which and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the freely. and that the Clean the of the trough Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C to or or It should located atmosphere, of warmer, then the correctly. outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or sunlight and from (B). and (A). Ideally, the should beneath the back and the top of the There least the top of the You should that freely around The the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting plastics this this reason only cleaned with with chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning or the of the screwing the foot, or the of the the The back of the to the There should of of the DO NOT with restricted clean the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, Rear spacers they that the arrow (A) as shown the Then them through (arrow (A) the spacers the to The containing the back of the spacers to to the throughly replacing. foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the blown. The the The light to the POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that obstructed. that the closed. The continously This based with EN the and where located. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason only of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to to the following If should to another country within then with to of or plastic. or from or the of light or Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the please the the heading Something Working. Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase This relates to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country of please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough Ireland UK to this recorded
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased please the the heading Something Not Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another please Customer or the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough Slough UK Ireland to this recorded
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS to the The light The the the the there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the relative to the thermostat the POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY The continously that the closed. that obstructed. the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently This based with EN the and where located. Water the Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. and the charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning indicated the rating which This should location where the to the located the the of the The following shows which each which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning and with from Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the Service Force THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the flow freely. and that the Clean the of the trough Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the should beneath and (A). Ideally, the (B). sunlight and from (50F). If these or outhouse, where the below 10C then the correctly. It should located atmosphere, of to or or +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C The the located the back of the The the the where the light its and the screw. Defrosting cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning DO NOT with restricted There should of of the back of the to the the The foot, or the of the using the of the screwing the or the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, spacers to the back of the The containing the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they Rear spacers to the throughly replacing. foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
Positioning the shelves shelves as The of the that The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Positioning the shelves To this as shown the the shelves To of food of it easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the to once-a-week that and of from foods.This the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: and Earth the closed as as to around each food together too to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as cool as that to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and showed that the of of and home. It then hours to as as allow to and that and from the to clean to and food from and the the or chipped with and them with clean food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the food uncovered. everything and thoroughly. to the NOT and cooked they meat other food. If the meat The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
items, including food, food Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. cover or the food, To the performance, food or the Fresh food or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION the from (G), the and then screw the the the which should then the the with punch. the with the the Unscrew the it the the and the the the the such as or plastic, which the through them. the shelves with protective To correctly, useful hints: Meat only this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly meat polythene and top of the thermostat with and The the OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the the that the to the If the the of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with bottles: these should and should the bottle the when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Normal Sounds cooling Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the to the the The thermostat as the following factors: The intermediate usually the often the food of the round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the This should when It to the or to this the supply it as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or trapped of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the the food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Health and and Cleaning Specification Positioning Rear Spacers cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C