C REFRIGERATOR ER
CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the Fresh food The shelves Health and Defrosting Normal Sounds and Cleaning cleaning the light the Something Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building Instructions building-in the
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Can fresh meat) shelves Thermostat
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the the intermediate the The thermostat as the the the following factors: often the food of the If the defrosting correctly, that selected, the continuously, which the from To should selected the thermostat and should that the from to which correct. If to to the thermostat to higher however should the to allow defrosting. Fresh food To the performance, food or the or the food, the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, useful hints: meat poultry): polythene and top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as The shelves To of food of the height. To this as thorough cleaning, the top and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them D338 PR250
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week shop, that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and home. It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as NOT and cooked they to the meat other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and the and allow to and the the or chipped the to that clean and from with and them with clean and the or knife, without them thoroughly
DEFROSTING The the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the and the which already the Normal operating sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the and the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and D037
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: the light cover and then it outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service the light its and the screw. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the the to D411
SOMETHING NOT WORKING? Service Force the following to The light The the too high The continuously frost and built Water the If the there Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. to operating sounds. Check the and
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service covering The the following please the the heading Something Working and the and purchase to hand. Please that it to of purchase service should that the the heading Something Not as the the mechanical or breakdown. CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products please Customer or telephone as follows: Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY(*) GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY (*)This based with EN153. the and where located. INSTALLATION Positioning The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight performance obtained with +10C and +32C. building-in and the necessary, to the instructions the following
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP D207 AMP BROWN
BUILDING IN Instructions building the of the Height of housing of housing of housing follow indications the the the housing the (A) touches the If the operation section there the and the the together with the the (A). the and the the of to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the (C) and (D) The of both According to the the top and the D022
Press the covers the and the Apply covers (B) and the (H) the top and of the of the as shown the and the of the the screw the to the screws. both the and that of the to the plates the the of the and the together and the the plates and the the the and screw the screws the of the necessary, the clearance of the At the of the that the of the and the properly. D094 PR34 PR35
Household Appliances