A/E/23-1. REFRIGERATOR- FREEZER COMBINATION INSTRUCTION BOOK ERB GB
This instruction information and helpful hints and To this effectively and please this instruction or this and reference. The below to things easily: and information useful information information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS IMPOR These the interests of that them or this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! Warning The (R within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting other than those recommended the the the food of the This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once carbonated or the Ice 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the Instructions Information of the Switch and the the to the and of foods to the the the to information and and ideas to The and Defrosting cleaning the Trouble shooting to the If something Something Not Service and Customer Conditions C C ONTENT ONTENT Instructions the Technical the Appliance Transportation, Cleaning of Chart
INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS OR THE USER OR THE USER INS information This the of and food of the Top with indicating switch Lighting shelves Cooling Defrost Defrost outlet plinth To operation, the should located where the C. Bottle shelf Defrost outlet
Switch and The following found cover the top A. Thermostat of the It the the the the the then to the The thermostat cover the top switch the and the with turning the clockwise. The instructions the The thermostat the operation of the or the then assuring the The to the the the thermostat to and the C, the fresh food C reached. to The about the effected the of the thermostat the of and the of food the of increased heatwaves the continually. This to the
to the cooling necessary. this reason to cover the the with food the Allow to reach naturally. this the frost building from each other. to foods closed or them or them the This foods their the the of food the below Confectionery, ready-cooked foods, foods dishes, fresh meat, products, foods Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, and of foods The chart the of the instruction information about The exactly as the and of the cooled food. That why the known informative. If to foods bought immediately they about the
to the The to fresh food of specified the products should as follows. the thermostat to the previously food or of to another or the fresh food the leaving enough If there previously food the this food the back of the the the fresh food and the already food. the this hours. hours the thermostat to choice or which cooling Should to the the the from the and the fresh food distributed directly the cooling the thermostat to higher recommended. Although would the shorter, the other the of the permanently below 0C, what the food and there. food than the 'Technical the otherwise thorough and and preferably, reduces capacity. the It to products the finished. Doing this the another Intermediate foods already of food to the the lowermost from and food the cooling to to the the of products them To products the instructions the of the the foods, months. It to they them the If the food already dissolved, recommended, to as as to To the with and to the food the of the and thermostatic to finishing to the thermostatic to the Ready of the then or If the to the using or to as the cooling information and The shelves worth to, which increases the of the food considerably. the shelves when the of and closing the of the of the closing the to while of operating the of thermostatic that the C, higher than this foods. It to of of the as to and of foods. and ideas this chapter hints and about to the to reach and there information about the as to the and that off heat. that the and the cover the sections where products tightly closing or to building frost. the than and foods the when they the clean.
The and This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this with the Defrosting of the of cooling chambers of frost and with the of the Thick frost and reduces cooling as the increases the cooling chambers, they At this type of defrosting the cooling of the without intervention.The thermostatic the of or this cooling the of the cooling C to heating of the defrosting the of the cooling reached C the thermostatic of the flows through leaded through the back the the top of and to its warmth. and the outlet of defrosting the this. If the gathered earlier as to the of the Clean the outlet with the that the The to the The typical of the outlet when food wrapped the and this back of the and to If the food right this the tear and the to of the when foods wrapped the
of increased heatwaves, the temporarily to constantly this the defrosting and frost back plate of the defrosting The with defrosting the and foods frost and off and frost and coating with the coating thick that with the the cooling to defrosted. of defrosting the foods of the and them with or cloth. them possibly cool or them another the from the both of the of operation. the of both of the and clean the to cleaning'. and the as following: off the with cloth or of of the cooling The gathers the outlet practically the of the and to high or the The of to the the defrosting and leading the the the and foods back to their It recommended to the the highest of the thermostatic hours that reach the as as
cleaning It recommended to the of the then to clean the of the and Household or used. the the with then Clean the with cleaning apply to the It recommended to the and collected the back of the and the and to clean the top of the once or the the follow these Break the of the foods from the Defrost and clean as written the to of Trouble shooting How to the Should the light to as below: Break the of the Press the and the the cover the indicated the arrow the replaced. type: V, W, thread) the the cover, and apply to the If something of the often which the following chart information about them to charges service. that operation of with sounds and sound). This operation. to that the operates the of That why the of the the
It too the It too the Water flows the back plate of the Water flows the chamber. Water flows the There too frost and The operates continually. The Neither cooling, lighting The as the to the service. Thermostatic If products enough or The tightly or properly. Thermostatic The tightly or properly. Products to Products to too closely to each other. It defrosting frost the back The outlet of the chamber Products from flowing the The outlet flows the the Products wrapped properly. properly or tightly. The thermostatic The thermostatic properly or tightly. Products to Too food The too connected to the properly. The burnt The thermostatic There the to another The properly. the thermostat to higher the products to the the and the and clean. the thermostat to higher the and the and clean. hours and then the the products that them. Clean the the products that they the back plate directly. the outlet to the the products the and the and clean. the thermostat to that higher the thermostat to that higher the and the and clean. hours and then the food to reduce the the where the the properly. the the to instructions chapter the the four should the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something Not Working." the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) Doublin of Ireland concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus Cus
that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. Conditions Conditions EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical capacity Height (kWh/year) class, to EU capacity Rated (A) of the Transportation, It recommended to the the protective warning each the switched hours. Unpack the and there immediately to the bought that Cleaning and everything which the to the the of the and cloth. cleaning the of the The the and operation of the placing, that to the to the that the chart below and found the or the or the ERB Class of If the below the the of the cooling the If the the this operating of the the defrosting increasing the cooling or increasing Mount the spacers the of the the as shown the then the of back of the SN C C ST C
the that This the front. the or to or If of furnishing and the to near these of or when insulation the of or coal-fired the they off heat. The to when to the the recommended wall-cupboard freely
of Should the or from right- to Appliances the right-handed. Following operations to the of and To the operations below recommended to another who the while the operations. the from the electricity supply. the and the the screws off the from the slightly both to the the off the slightly of the slightly upwards. the the of the and to the other the the of the and to the other Unscrew the top of the then screw back the other the of the plinth screwdriver. Unmount the and its washer and mount them the other the of the plinth the other the covering of the the and them to the other the of the the of the the to the the to the then slightly both the of the the of the both the the the screws to the the that the with the of the the the other and the covering the of this instruction the free. the to its and apply to to the the service. Technicians accomplish the expertly charge.
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications, EEC of Directive) and modifications. A/E/23-1.
of airtight meat covered meat covered minced meat covered minced meat covered Cold grease- airtight covered covered airtight covered Fresh airtight covered Sour peas, beans (Strawberry, raspberry, covered with covered Notation: recommended or or and of of fresh foods the
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE Printed