instruction GB DE ERB 36301X
thinking of when this
to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind. GB
GB and using the this instruction It hints, information and ideas. If the with the instructions written, properly and with The below to things easily: and information this and information information ideas At this ideas found to food and its The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
information Precautions child Instructions the information...............................................................................37 the to the the and of foods................................................38 the information and and ideas................................................................................41 to The and Defrosting cleaning..............................................................................43 the Trouble shooting...................................................................................43 to the If something Instructions the Technical the Transportation, chart chart Warranty and service Service and Guarantee/Customer Service GB
GB
these instructions and they should the when or owner. This food, to these instructions only. Specialised that to the service and repairs including and the cord. Accessory them should the or other or The of that the from the cleaning and the If the to reach, switch off the off the lengthened. that the or the back of the -A overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. -There of and fire. the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. information -If the service or service If the the -There of shock or fire. Without the cover of lighting the cleaning, defrosting, food or pointed or as they to the to allow to the and lighting and they eaten immediately from the food food as as food with the food instructions. You defrosting with heating or chemicals. to the and the they carbonated bottled and bottled the food and the of defrosting the this. If the gathered earlier GB
GB allow children to with the of the suffocation. the allow to with or its If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves the to the to touching or catching to burn. the of the to the the to the cord. should around the this leads to overheating. To follow the instructions to installation. chapter Warning The of the that and to the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type the the of and property the of these instructions as the caused
information The official of the "refrigeratorfreezercombination with and the The the services- with its and completely from the other According to this the and food, products the instructions and The the of to theclimate class. The found the the the then to the The thermostat the light the You switch the and the with it turning the clockwise. The instructions the The thermostat the of the or the then assuring the Instructions the The to the the the thermostat to and the C, the fresh food C reached. to The about the effected the of the thermostat the of and the of food the of increased heatwaves the continually. This to the GB
GB to the cooling necessary. this reason to the the shelves with food the Allow to reach naturally. this the frost building from each other. to foods closed or them or them the This foods their The and There the that to allow the to the the of food the below Confectionery, ready-cooked foods, foods dishes, fresh products, foods Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, and of The chart the of the instruction information about The exactly as the and of the cooled food. That why the known informative. If to foods bought immediately they about the
The to fresh food of specified the products should as follows. the thermostat to the previously food or of to the or the fresh food the leaving enough If there previously food the this food the back of the the the fresh food and the already food. the this hours. hours the thermostat to choice or which cooling the thermostat to higher recommended. Although the shorter, the other the of the permanently below C, what the food and there. food than the 'Technical the otherwise thorough and and preferably, reduces capacity. the It to products the finished. Doing this the another Intermediate foods already of food to the the lowermost from and food the cooling to to the the of products them To products the instructions the of the the foods, months. It to foods they them the If the food already recommended, to as as GB
GB information and The shelves worth to, which increases the of the fresh food the shelves when the of and closing the of the of the closing the to while of the of thermostatic that the warmer than -18C. It to of operation of the as to and of foods. Normal operating sounds: thermostat the and hear when thermostat and You hear or sound when the through the the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the The (this the section) the The of this its and with this its slightly These might cracking which phenomenon. Should to the of food the the thermostat of centrally the and thermometer with of 1C If hours +3C and +8C, the properly. The steady-stated (without the If the measured thermometer, the products this the the products.
and ideas this chapter hints and ideas about to the to reach and there information about the as to the and anything that off heat. that the and the ventilated. cover the sections where products tightly closing or to building frost. the than and foods the when they the clean. The and This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this with the Defrosting of the of cooling chambers of frost and with the of the Thick frost and reduces cooling as the increases the cooling chambers, they At this type of defrosting the cooling of the without intervention.The thermostatic the operation of or this cooling the of the cooling C to heating of the the of the cooling reached C the thermostatic operation of the flows through outlet leaded through the back the the top of GB
GB and to its warmth. and clean the outlet of defrosting the this. If the gathered as to the of the Clean the outlet with the that the The to the The typical of the outlet when food wrapped the and this back of the and to If the food right this the tear and the outlet to of the when foods wrapped the of increased heatwaves, the temporarily to constantly this the defrosting and frost back plate of the defrosting The with the and frost and off and frost and coating with the coating thick that with the the cooling to defrosted. of defrosting the foods of the and them with or cloth. them possibly cool or them another the from the both of the of operation. the of both of the and the to cleaning'. and the as following: off the with cloth or of of the cooling The gathers the practically the of the and to high or the The of to the the defrosting and leading the the the and foods back to their It recommended to the the highest of the thermostatic hours that reach the as as
cleaning It recommended to the of the using then to the of the and Household or used. the the with then Clean the with cleaning apply to the It recommended to the and collected the back of the and the and to the top of the once or the the follow these Break the of the foods from the Clean as written the to of Trouble shooting to the Should the light to as below: Break the of the Press the and the the cover the indicated the arrow the replaced. type: V, W, thread) the the cover, and apply to the If something of the often which the following chart information about them to charges service. that of with sounds and sound). This operation. to that the operates discontinuously, the of That why the of the the GB
GB It too the It too the There too frost and The operates continually. Thermostatic If products enough or The tightly or properly. Thermostatic The tightly or properly. Products to Products to too closely to each other. Products wrapped properly. properly or tightly. The thermostatic The thermostatic properly or tightly. Products to Too food The too connected to the properly. the thermostat to higher the products to the the and the and clean. the thermostat to higher the and the and clean. hours and then the the products that them. the products the and the and clean. the thermostat to that higher the and the and clean. hours and then the food to reduce the the where the the properly.
The Neither cooling, lighting The as the to the service. The burnt The thermostatic There the to another The properly. GB the the to instructions chapter the the four should the
GB Technical Height class, to EU Rated (A) of the Transportation, It recommended to the the protective warning each the switched hours. Unpack the and there immediately to the bought that Cleaning every which the to the Instructions the ERB 36301X the of the and cloth. cleaning the of the The the and of the placing, that to the to the that the chart below and found the
Class of SN C C ST C If the below the the of the cooling the If the the this operating of the the defrosting increasing the cooling or increasing Mount the spacers the of the the as shown the then the of back of the the screws and the the screw head, the the screws. the that This the front. the or to or If it because of furnishing and the to these of or when insulation the of or coal-fired the they off heat. The to when to the the recommended wall-cupboard freely GB
GB Should the location the of the The with the to the right. Carry the as the and the instructions. that another to who the of the Disconnect the from the supply. the of the the top cover the screws then the the from of the top cover to the other Unscrew the screws the mount the top right-hand and the screw the other the and the slightly and Unscrew the screw the and the other mount from the of the Please the
the mount the slightly and both the the covering screw Unscrew the the and then screw the other Don't the the the covering the other the cover of the mount and to the other the locking the screw (s) the locking to the other of the other and screwing the screw (s). the the other of the the of the mount the of the the the and the mount with screws the Don't the the as The of the to the of the the the the top mount and the from the and the screws the the top cover using screws the to the repositioning of the then the the and to the supply. If to these yourself, please the service Technicians GB
GB This to AC supply. The with protective If there such, recommended to to earthed with the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications, EEC of Directive) and modifications.
and of of fresh foods the meat airtight meat covered meat covered minced meat covered Roasted minced covered Cold grease-proof Fresh airtight covered covered covered airtight covered airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour Curds peas, (strawberry, raspberry, Other covered with covered Notation: to really fresh only) chart of GB
GB beans, peas, marrow, corn, months Ready-cooked foods: trimmings, with meat, months Ready-cooked foods: from of meat from months from with months Soups: meat-broth, from beans, from peas, months cherry, cherry, months Meat: months months Service and If the service announce the service to announcing the to to its The of the to the of the the the fresh food the the there which chart of and products the fresh food the food +7C -18C Warranty and service to the service (type, the from the of Product of purchase:
DECLARATION OF GUARANTEE TERMS. with the of services this or the The service of the however, This of terms based Union Directive 99/44/EC and the of the The rights that the this legislation affected this of This the warranty to the The within the of and with the following with to of charge that within months from the the to the first These apply the of professional or Performing the that the to the the occurred. Defective or repaired. free of charge become property. as to the brought to immediately. Guarantee/Customer Service the to the of purchase showing the purchase and/or The apply caused to such as synthetic and the of The that the or the of the The warranty apply when caused by: or reaction caused operating with The apply to to which occurred of responsibility. the cover those caused or assembly, of or to the assembly instructions or Defects that from repairs or people who or or that from the of or covered the 10.Appliances that easy to or to the services repairs or built-in GB
GB GB If the built-in, built- or such that and them the where they than the that therefrom Connected these and operations the responsibility of the 12.If, the the repeatedly or the with the the with another of the this the right to to the of used. 13.A that the that month repairs, to the the where imposed, this of the which the wishes to assert his rights. the of the purchase the These only purchased and exported the first that they the technical instructions, type of the country concerned and that they withstand the and purchased abroad, the user first that they the or covered the and services the expired.
services Products Consumer services ELECTROLUX SERVICE ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS Consumer services Bitbourg. L-1273 GB GB
GB This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to EUROPEAN GUARANTEE
www.electrolux.com M-300, Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Great www.electrolux.fr CG H-1142 XIV, (PN) LV-1012, Bitbourg, L-1273 LT-09108 Ireland GB SK, S4, RO CH-5506 Risl O "O Service, S:t S-105
GB B/E/NY17. Printed
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.be