INSTRUCTION BOOKLET ER8817C DK GB
Instructions other to previous These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the instruction It the or to the The household as this instruction or the or They and and with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and or bottles the The bottles The The and to the instruction The following found the text to through the instructions instructions instructions operation and of the when moving the and Child that children to the operating or the of the the to recycling station. information, city office or
Instructions of the Appliance the To the and thermostat the the Switching off and Food Normal Sounds and Cleaning the of the Appliance A. light B. Thermostat when the operating. to switch and the the Cleaning Cleaning Defrosting the To the Light the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Conditions Technical Removing the Cleaning the ER8817C shelf shelf
GB the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing that the hose the rear of the the the the and switching the the first upright about or hours the the To the and thermostat Turn the thermostat to the MIN The lowest of the thermostat the highest the MAX The highest of the thermostat the lowest the Switched off. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the the the +5C. If the thermostat too cold, food with high to the the cold) Meat, and should the of the The affected by: often the food of the the section.) the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. This allow the to to the
Distribute to allow to freely the products. food products directly the cooling plate the rear as they products the they cooled Cover foods properly to and from other food. Switching off Turn the anti-clockwise the to the supply from the The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the shelf the They the with should with the facing the of the and food products from touching the cooling half-shelf The half-shelf sideways. It shelves, the lowest and the to of heat such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the the food and it as as food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to cleaning and
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the and Cleaning the The to the the when the the of the outward/downward. Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the and the with and of to of and thoroughly. high cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and free from Clean the the and that the clear If clear of the outlet to the Cleaning the from electricity supply the outer with the the section the and the Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click" when the and
Defrosting the The defrosted the formation by: the the or too directly the cooling To the Light The light switched when the the light the from the the the front of the type, E14 rating of W. the light of the type as the The least the This of the the the the the from electricity supply Empty foods and the the to Something Not Working GB Service Force the following The too high the It too the warmer the section"To the and thermostat There the cooling plate the Water the Clean the and the using of wire. Food products the of the the from the Water the the hose the back of the the the chapter Symptom If the while to once while to the food from of food products the right the the chapter the the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the This defrosting, frost thaws the cooling
The operates continuously. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the The Cooling or light light. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: If the cushion the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: tephone routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something Not the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or as follows or http:\\www.electrolux.se Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded The properly connected. The The switched reach the connecting another to the
Conditions Conditions Conditions the Card. Technical ER8817C kWh/year Rated the of to the to authorised service recommended the or Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. allow children to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the the shelves the the the the of the of the of the and the and the shelf and the Cleaning the of the using and of to of or as the thoroughly.
the To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, cooker or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least The location whose to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each of SN ST that the hose the of the the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves The of the +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1362) used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and -Earth The coloured and connected to the with the "E" or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N" or coloured The coloured connected to the "L" or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath.
the and the from the electricity the There the that Reposition and to the the when This to the when to upright On the of the the and the other On the of the Unscrew the the from the and the hinge the other Then the the from the of the the from the the other screwdriver to the Then the the the and the Unscrew the the the punch. the the Then the the to which the previously fitted. the that straight. the section "Positioning the
MARIESTAD DT-AV