INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C Household Appliances
from the electricity supply. of Gently the its back with the top from the inch- (E) its three fixing screws; the and then the the from (G), off the (D) which the cover (G) and the the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Reassemble the the reassemble the the of the arrow and the (D), the with punch. the with the the the (G) the the cover (F) of the (D) reassemble the (E) the (E) and reassemble the of the 11.Unscrew the the using the screws fixing the from the the screws which the PR18 the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when the Defrost Instructions. should strictly to. to tions. Ice burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the or to this the supply from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply the back of the which heat should exposed. Service Force to this Child to when instructions. this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If PR228 Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and only should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with ances, they this the or boilers. sunlight. Printed of autho- catches to the and that or or the specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once it
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Technical Specification Installation Positioning Rear Spacers of the Appliance Operation Fresh food shelves Positioning the shelves and easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the coloured with the following the from the off Service and Customer and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily the supply; the therefore It to the from DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE Positioning the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions This to outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these sunlight and from to or or It should located atmosphere, of or warmer, then the 10C (50F) and 38C (100F). correctly. C beneath (B). (A). Ideally, the should around the back and the top of the There You should that freely the top of the and least (4) with restricted DO NOT There should of of The back of the to the the the NP007 Rear spacers the with the there spacers which as shown the foot, or the of the the of the screwing the D200 C Can shelves Thermostat shelves screw head, then the screws. the screws and the the D594
cover or the food, To the performance, food or the Fresh food with and of the to of or as the thoroughly. OPERATION TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, hints: Meat only this or the cleaned and the these should thoroughly meat polythene and top of the thermostat with and The the OFF (O) The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the the POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or the the The thermostat as the following factors: prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the cooling Turning the defrosting to the food of the This based with EN the and where located.
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and the electricity stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or of the front half-shelves the ones. The of the that shelves as shelves This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, repaired, or with instructions. The only, and with the or become the property. service this Service Force hours which and to these D338 To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to of or plastic. or from or the of light or to the following If should to another country within then with to Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the This relates to and to another The account regulations country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and domestically, of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of PR219 Slough UK
when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and as as the food and To the performance from food or Food the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase the food polythene or or that they to the food and airlight food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and Cleaning. food and than food, reduces the food uncovered. concerning or further information products, please Customer or as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street and that the of the the cool obstructed. defrosting of foods and reduce the of Thaw food the This the the to of heat, such as or food to cool to the to this recorded SL1 1DZ there the from closing properly. to switch or the too as the and the to the
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning to the The light The the section too high the blown. the there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the turned to the to the thermostat the from Service Force Unscrew the light cover and then outward pressing as shown the Unscrew the and with D411 THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the freely. and that the Clean the of the trough Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. The that the closed. that obstructed. the necessary. the within the operating of 10C to 32C. the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity the with NOT products. You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning Water the Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. and the charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the clean the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the D037 COMPRESSOR CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY D273 to the throughly replacing. foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the section too high The light to the from Service Force Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with D411 THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the flow freely. and that the Clean the of the trough Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. that obstructed. that the closed. The The every the located the back of the The the the where the light cover it its and the screw. Defrosting Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity the outer with NOT products. You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the D037 COMPRESSOR CONDENSER DEFROST TRAY D273 to the throughly replacing. foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to the
Normal Sounds HINTS AND TIPS or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Food food or To the performance from the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and the food and as as the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase food uncovered. food, reduces the food and than to around each food together too to allow clean, to and Cleaning. food from and airlight or that they to the food and the food polythene or concerning or further information products, please Customer or as follows:- Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer High Street the food to cool to heat, such as or the to of the Thaw food the This of foods and reduce the of obstructed. the cool and that the of the to this recorded SL1 1DZ to the the and the or the too as to switch from closing properly. there the
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS of the front half-shelves the ones. The of the that shelves as shelves service this Service Force or become the property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: D338 To of food of the shelves height. To this as shown the Positioning the shelves Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. The and with instructions and only domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another PR219 UK
OPERATION to of the with and of thoroughly. or as the Fresh food food or the To the performance, cover or the food, Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the OFF (O) The the thermostat with and polythene and top of the meat these should thoroughly cleaned and the or the Meat only this useful hints: To correctly, cover the shelves with protective the through them. such as or plastic, which POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY food of the often the following factors: The thermostat as the the the defrosting to cooling plate Turning the to the the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the prolonged of abnormally weather, airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as the bottle the bottles: these should and should This based with EN the and where located.
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE 10C (50F) and 38C (100F). or then the It should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from to or or 10C (50F). If these outhouse, where the below This to correctly. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning C NP007 the the There should of of The back of the to the DO NOT with restricted least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). D200 the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using spacers which as shown the the with the there Rear spacers C Can shelves Thermostat shelves D594 the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws.
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. of the Appliance food shelves Positioning the shelves and Positioning Rear Spacers easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and modifications; This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of off and If the that to the fitted. another of the of should The off should then of to The wires the coloured with the following the from the off and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW Conditions or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
the cover (G) and the off the (D) which the from (G), the and then the (E) its three fixing screws; top from the inch- Gently the its back with the of from the electricity supply. the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the PR18 the screws which the fixing the from the the screws previously (E) and reassemble the of the 11.Unscrew the the reassemble the (E) the cover (F) of the (D) the cover (G) the the using the the with the the with punch. the (D), the of the arrow and reassemble the the Reassemble the the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the or to this the supply it from as stated the should to the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the the back of the which heat should exposed. Service Force to this Child to when instructions. PR228 that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with ances, they this the or boilers. sunlight. Printed of autho- catches to children the and that or or the specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ER C Household Appliances