INSTRUCTION BOOKLET ERC3709 DK GB
Instructions other to These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the instruction It the or to to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the or with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and If the should become and of thoroughly the which the The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless or the Bottles and the as they burst when the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children the to recycling station. information, Council or Health office.
Instructions of the Appliance the To the and thermostat the Measuring the Switching off and Food Normal Sounds and Cleaning the to the instruction The following found the text to through the instructions instructions instructions operation and Cleaning Cleaning Defrosting the To the Light the Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions Conditions Technical the Cleaning the
of the Appliance A. light B. Thermostat when the operating. to switch and the the GB the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing that the hose the of the the the the and switching the the first upright about or hours the This allow the to to the ERC3709 shelf bottle bottle shelf shelf
the To the and thermostat Turn the thermostat to the MIN The lowest of the thermostat the highest the MAX The highest of the thermostat the lowest the Switched off. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the the the +5C. If the thermostat too cold, food with high to the the cold) Meat, and should the of the The affected by: often the food of the the section.) Measuring the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. Distribute to allow to freely the products. food products directly the cooling plate the as they products the they cooled Cover foods properly to and from other food. Switching off Turn the anti-clockwise the to the supply from the
The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the the They the with should with the facing the of the and food products from touching the cooling The with choices to The to increase the of and reduce the of half-shelf The half-shelf It shelves, the lowest and the to of heat such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to cleaning and
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the and Cleaning the The to the the when the the of the outward/downward. Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the and the with and of to of and thoroughly. high cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and free from Clean the the and that the clear If clear of the outlet to the Cleaning the from electricity the outer with the the section "Removing the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the Defrosting the The defrosted every the formation by: the the or too directly the cooling round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click" when the and
To the light The light switched when the the light the from the Press the together and the the of the type, E14 rating of W. the the from electricity supply Empty foods and the leaving the to Something Not Service Force the following The too high the It too the warmer the section"To the and thermostat There the cooling the Water the Clean the and the of wire. Food products the of the the from the Water the the hose the back of the the the chapter The operates continuously. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the within its operating section. The Cooling or light light. Symptom If the while to once while to the food from of food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the within its operating section. This frost thaws the cooling The switched reach the another to the The The properly connected.
The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: tephone routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something Not the Service to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or phone as follows or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Conditions Conditions Conditions the Card.
Technical Specification ERC3709 kWh/year Rated the of to the to authorised service recommended the or Unpack the and that it and free of the immediately of the recycling. allow to with the The suffocation. Removing the the and the from the the shelves the the the the of the shelf of the of the and the and the and the with the this Cleaning the of the and of to of or as the thoroughly.
the each other, the the should the shown the To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If necessary the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least The location whose to the which the the rating the of the The following shows which each of SN ST that the hose the rear of the the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves The of the +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1362) used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and -Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E" or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N" or coloured The coloured connected to the "L" or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath.
the and the from the electricity the There the that and the the when This to the when to upright On the of the the and the other On the of the Unscrew the the from the hinge and the the other Then the the from the of the the from the the other screwdriver to the Then the the the and the To the Unscrew the screws. the the the of the the the turning Press the the to which the fitted. the that the the section "Positioning the
MARIESTAD DT-AV