user ERB34257W ERB39251W
information First hints and to without information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the
It to the specifications or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of lighting. This should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to instructions. or the as the which If the cover If the to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, the If the the of the ance. or other heating to defrosting. heat the interior, and the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only.
Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and only used. Protection This which the switch light Action switch Action light light OFF light OFF Switching the the Turn the clockwise to The light light Turn the clock- to The light light If the the too high the light light Switching off the To off the the to the OFF The light switch off. Switching off the To off the the to the OFF The light switch off. If its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the The regulated. To the as the counter clockwise to warmer turn the clockwise to the The should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced Action function You the Action function the Action switch.
The Action light light This function hours. It to the function Action switch. The Action light switch off. increase the the to or indicated by: First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the fin- ish. that the hose the of the the fresh food The fresh food and and food To amount of fresh foods to the To fresh food the Action function hours the food to the the fresh food to the top The amount of food that hours specified the rating plate located the of the switching of the light. sounding of the phase, the switched off the switch. the light switch off automatically. The hours: this other food to of food first or of the products the the least hours. the of to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling).
Thawing or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking of from the The to their or At the of its from the the and, reaching the the its front upwards. At the of back, slightly the front of the to the Once the the back their The that and easy to the food To the and the food directly the shelves. On shelves, the top shelf, to food that from the front This allows of the the to shelves The of the with of that the shelves as shelves the to them to the the to The and the that tions to allow the to the cleaning Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. To these as the the of the arrows free, then as the to
hints and the or than absolutely necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) wrap polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the the the C. It with higher the top of the and the If the to the high or the the This the of the to the that It that food with high to If too cold, to higher shelves towards the This too If to the of food the of the and thermometer with of C hours the monitored. The meas- ted (without the
To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw only the and cleaning the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food to the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the ance and of to the cooling the the front to scratching the cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason cloth
and cleaning or as these the or coating. cleaning, the to the supply. Cleaning the The the and then: the of the the straight to completely the Defrosting the from the of the the The through the back of the the where It to the the of the to the overflowing and the food Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost thickness of about To the frost, follow the instructions below: switch off the and the from the food, of newspaper and cool the around the or newspapers. Defrosting with the the from its to the and the where off the when to or when the and the then the back
switch the the the and the foodstuff. to off frost from the as mechanical or to the What to of the often which technician the following chart information about them to charges service. The of the with sounds and The The properly. The cushion spacers located the back of the and the The sounds. The light flashing. light occurred the The continuously. The correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The the too high. The incorrectly. thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. of the the following the from electricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of sound). This operation. The operates the of That why the of the the the and should the to them back to service (the cooling to food products cold, warmer the than necessary.
The food too high. the food to The too high. Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Food that flows to the Water flows the ground. There too frost and The closed correctly. to the The or dirty. The incorrectly. The the too The the too The closed correctly. to "Closing the The food too high. the food to The the too of food to cooled the The the too of food to fro- the The The to the correctly. The There the the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The flow the the Food wrapped properly. the food The incorrectly. The incorrectly. There the Food too to each other. food that there The switched off. Switch the Decrease the This correct. that food the rear the outlet to the to "Closing the warmer warmer that there the of food to cooled the of food to the the to the correctly. another ance to the
The The to the The to the with tilation The to as the to the service. the the from the the the front the with of the (the shown the light and with E14 type. the Technical ERB34257W ERB39251W Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the The to Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service indicated the rating plate of the
SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the The directly the and the top this the the top board least that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. Removing the with to the tation. To them these the the from the the from the with the this the with shelf that to the shelves To them as follows: the the of the arrow (A). the shelf from the and freed (B). the (C).
the that If the the supplied. On the the turning the the threaded to the to the and to the right to the reversibility To the of the these the from the the the and the of the the back Unscrew the and the Unscrew the and the Unscrew the cover washer and the the covers them and them Unscrew the and the the covers within the accessory
the and screw the the and screw the the of the the that the and the the and the tilation Unscrew the On the the covers or them. the the covers within the accessory The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the Warning! Reposition, the least four hours and then to the to that: screws The to the The and correctly. Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com