INSTRUCTION BOOK ERC
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when the Defrost Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the This should when It to the or to this the as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and only should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
the of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused household service or the where the or its and this household Instead to of this please city office, the the recycling of that this treated as information about recycling of this purchased the The of Appliances Instructions the Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Positioning Shelf Rear Spacers Information the food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and Customer Conditions
Rear spacers screw head, then the screws. the screws and the the the with the there spacers which as shown the or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION the (D). from the electricity supply. three fixing screws; the hinge (E) its from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top Thermostat light reassemble the the of the (where them the the the the and then the the from (G), the (E) and reassemble the of the reassemble the the of the arrow and reassemble the (E) the the cover (F) of the (D) the screws previously cooling plate Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to or the food, it To the performance, food or the Fresh food allow the to reached the hours to the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat (B) to The light (A) food To switch off the the thermostat to O Allow the to hours installation. To the Appliance this heating the the of the or of the operation, perfectly to the that with the the that the to the If the the with punch. the with the Unscrew the the the (D), polythene and the or the such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, hints: Meat this or the The within the the thermostat the top of the Turn the thermostat the The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the To the as follows: the bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or cleaned and the these should thoroughly the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the
The of the that shelves as Positioning the shelves The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. To of food of the shelves To this as shown the Positioning the shelves easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: and Earth or knife, without them thoroughly and the them with food. with and food from and to and or chipped the the the to that and from allow to and as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as or coloured and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked they to the everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
Warning INSTALLATION BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE easily installation. the supply; the therefore It to the from Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning Positioning the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions each The following shows which located the the of the where the to the This should location indicated the rating which Unscrew the and with of the the and the the from Service Force the light its (the shown the light cover the indicated the arrow. THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the flow freely. and that the Clean the of the trough SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C to or or It should located atmosphere, of warmer, then the correctly. outhouse, where the below 10C (50F). If these or and from and (A). Ideally, the should beneath the back and the top of the There least the top of the You should that freely around (B). The every the located the back of the The the the where Defrosting only cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning Shelf the The back of the to the There should of of the DO NOT with restricted or the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, To them as follows: to the shelves with shelf that freed and the the from the and the the of the arrow, the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the to the throughly replacing. foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
If to below, or to caused incorrect or contacting Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS the thermostat the front turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the Check the The the too high The light to the POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that obstructed. that the closed. The continuously This based with EN the and where located. should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. the and to operating sounds. If, the there Service Force Please that of purchase service Water the
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: thereof to reason of workmanship or option that within months of the of the purchase this or the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS This cover: This to and other rights. authorised The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with The only, and with the instructions. or become the Companys property. service this Service Force hours which charged. and to these the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland The from the first purchased Products of which Appliances found to within those which to to the following If should to another country within then with to of or plastic. or from or the of light or Community (EC) or Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the please the the heading Something Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase This relates to and to another The account country. within the Community (EC) or household. The and with instructions and only domestically, and They then that the Service of and to please Customer below, to them of this or of products. The the and to the and as the country of please Customer or telephone the below or or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer Appliances Ireland UK to this recorded Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ
that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased please the the heading Something Not Please that purchase or service the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and telephone The purchase The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This to and to another please Customer or telephone the below or or concerning or further information products, CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Customer Appliances UK Ireland to this recorded Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ
Symptom SOMETHING NOT WORKING charge the Service Force the following If to below, or to caused incorrect or TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS to the The light The the too high the the there the that the correctly fitted. the light switch household lights. there the to the relative to the thermostat the front POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY The continuously that the closed. that obstructed. the necessary. section this instruction the within the operating please to the the thermostat to the the and/or of food recently This based with EN the and where located. Water the Please that of purchase service If, the there Service Force to operating sounds. and the charge the mechanical or breakdown. should that the as the
It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning indicated the rating which This should location where the to the located the the of the The following shows which each which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning Unscrew the and with of the the and the the from Service Force the light cover its (the shown the light the indicated the arrow. THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE obstructed, that the freely. and that the Clean the of the trough You should that freely around the back and the top of the There least the top of the should beneath and (A). Ideally, the (B). sunlight and from (50F). If these or outhouse, where the below 10C warmer, then the correctly. It should located atmosphere, of to or or +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C The the located the back of the The the the where Defrosting cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. cleaning DO NOT with restricted There should of of the back of the to the the The foot, or the of the the of the screwing the or Shelf Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the the of the arrow, the from the rear and freed and the with that to the shelves To them as follows: clean the the the and the which To overflowing the of the the back of the already the to the throughly replacing. foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the
Positioning the shelves shelves as The of the that The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference obtained from Service Force BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. Positioning the shelves To this as shown the the shelves height. To of food of easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. The wires the coloured with the following the from the off HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the shopping to once-a-week that and of from foods.This the of If the of the wires with the the as follows: and Earth the closed as as to around each food together too to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as cool as that to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and showed that the of of and It then hours to as as allow to and that and free from the to the the or chipped to and food from and with and them with food. and the or knife, without them thoroughly or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the food uncovered. everything and clean thoroughly. to the NOT and cooked meat, they meat other food. If the meat The moulded the incorporates the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
spacers which as shown the the with the there the screws and the the screw head, then re-tighten the screws. Rear spacers or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the (E) its three fixing screws; from the electricity supply. the (D). Thermostat light (E) and reassemble the of the the the screws the cover (F) of the (D) reassemble the (E) the the of the arrow and reassemble the the from (G), the and then the the the them the the of the (where reassemble the cooling plate Turning the prolonged of abnormally weather, cooling continuously and the the thermostat too high the to the defrosting to cover or the food, To the performance, food or the Fresh food allow the to reached the approximately hours to the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat (B) to The light (A) food To switch off the the thermostat to O Allow the to hours installation. To the Appliance the (D), Unscrew the the the with the the with punch. the that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the polythene and the shelf meat or the such as or plastic, which the through them. cover the shelves with protective To correctly, useful hints: Meat this or the The within the the thermostat the top of the Turn the thermostat the The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the To the as follows: the Position bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or cleaned and the these should thoroughly the the The thermostat as the following factors: often the food of the
of Appliances purchased the that this treated as information about recycling of this the the recycling of please city office, household Instead to of this the or its and this household service or the where of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused the The CONTENTS Instructions the Instructions the Information Operation the Fresh food Normal operating sounds Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves Technical Positioning Shelf Rear Spacers Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and Customer Conditions
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling plate or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the turned to allow should to the from the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. or its service to this the to Child instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the Service Force and At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with they this The located to of the or boilers. sunlight. from catches to the and that or trapped of authorised specifically the of only. This only, food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERC