Instruction ERC 07002W8 GB FR DE
GB to the of choosing first from which with of the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
and using the this instruction It hints, information and ideas. If the with the instructions written, properly and with satisfaction. The below to things easily: and information this and information information ideas At this ideas found to food and its The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the GB
GB GB information Precautions child installation................................................................5 Instructions the information of the Instructions the the Transportation, Cleaning the the and of foods to the to the fresh food information and and ideas to The and Defrosting.........................................................................................11 cleaning................................................................................12 the Trouble shooting.....................................................................................12 of chart Warranty and service Service and
these instructions and they should the when or owner. This food, and to these instructions only. Specialised that to the service and repairs including and the cord. Accessory them should only the or other or The of only that the from the cleaning and the If the to reach, switch off the off the lengthened. cleaning, defrosting, food or pointed or as they to the to allow to the and they eaten immediately from the food as as food with the food instructions. GB GB information You with heating or chemicals. to the of the and the they bottled and bottled the child allow children to with the of the suffocation. the allow to with or its If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their the to the to touching or catching to burn.
GB GB the of the to the the to the cord. should around the this leads to overheating. To follow the instructions to installation. If the fixing chapter Warning The of the that and to the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type recommended the the of and property the of these instructions as the caused
information The official of the with According to this the and food and Technical capacity class, to EU Rated (A) the Transportation, It recommended to the the protective warning each the switched hours. Unpack the and there immediately to the bought that GB GB Instructions the Instructions the ERC 07002W8 food Fresh food A+
GB GB Cleaning every which the to the the of the using and cloth. cleaning the of the The the and of the placing, that to the to the that the chart below and found the Class of SN ST If the below the the of the cooling the If the the this operating of the increasing the cooling or increasing C C C the that the or to or If of furnishing and the to near these of or when insulation the of or coal-fired the they off heat. The to when to the the recommended wall-cupboard freely
the the the then to the To cooling the from clockwise to the the of operation. The instructions the The thermostatic the of the or the then assuring the Turning the the cooling becomes and the reached C or the of the thermostatic to following Thermostat from C to C from C to C from C to C from C to C this the the fresh food about C or below. GB GB The and of The about the the of the thermostatic the of and the of food the of increased heatwaves without disconnecting This to the the of food the below foods, and Confectionery, ready-cooked foods products Fresh Yoghurt, Bottles,
GB GB and of foods The chart the of the instruction information about the fresh food The exactly as the and of the cooled food. That why the known informative. It to food that they them the to the the C or below of thermostatic It and foods and ice-cubes. to the fresh food cooling necessary. this reason to cover the whole of the shelves with trays, food the Allow to reach naturally. this the frost building from each other. it to foods closed or them or them the This foods their information and The shelf the back-folding the that bottles Top of the foods together foods or the and ideas this chapter hints and ideas about to the to reach and there information about the as
to the and near that off heat. that the and the ventilated. cover the sections where products tightly closing or to building frost. the than and when the only closed foods and the when they Defrost the when the the than thick. the clean. The and This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this with the GB GB Defrosting of the of cooling chamber of frost and with the operation of the Thick frost and reduces cooling efficiency as the increases, thickness allow the of the to possibly the to the once and when the frost than to Break the of the or thermostatic Empty the foods newspaper and them cool or another the of the and Defrosting usually hours. finished, gathered of the and the Apply to the or thermostatic to foods back to their
GB GB cleaning It recommended to the of the Household or used. the using and Clean the with clean cleaning the to the It to and the and when empty. and collected the back of the recommended to once or the the follow these Break the of the from the Defrost and as written the to of Trouble shooting operation of the often which the following chart information about them to charges service. that of with sounds and sound). This operation. to that the operates discontinuously, the of That why the of the the
The sufficiently The too The cool The as the to the service. GB GB The thickness of the frost than the cooling Thermostatic too Too foods to cooled foods properly. There cool The thermostatic too high. connected to the properly. There the Thermostatic The properly. Defrost the higher foods to cooled. foods the cool the there of thermostatic the
GB GB of Should the or from right-handed to Following operations to the of and Break the of the the covering of top off, the screws the top and off to the off. the screw fixing the and the other screw fixing the and the foot. Then the and the foot as shown the the screw fixing the foot the to the foot. the and the foot the and then the other foot the of the as shown the Please to the foot below the The foot its the the to the holding To top coverings of with knife) and them the other top with screws the free that the of the with the of the covering of top back. the and the the other to the the service. Technicians accomplish the expertly charge.
This to AC supply. The with protective If there such, recommended to to earthed with the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and EEC Efficiency Directive) and its GB GB
GB GB chart and of of fresh the meat airtight meat covered Roasted meat covered minced meat covered Roasted minced meat covered Cold airtight covered covered covered Fresh airtight covered airtight covered airtight covered Sour Curds peas, beans (strawberry, raspberry, Other covered with covered Notation: to really fresh only) of
Service and If the service announce the service to announcing the to to its The of the to the of the the the fresh food the the there which to the service (type, the from the of Product of purchase: The the right to the products. GB GB Warranty and service
FR FR Nous Nous tous Nous
informations protection instructions informations Inforrmations protection chargeant recyclage recyclage service FR FR
FR fabrication, toute tout hors tout service toute Toute tout hors services
Informations service.....................................................................................25 Protection Service service FR FR
FR FR interventions service thermostat indications botes basse tout
Conservation charcuteries, fromages tout (DLC) +4C. toucher bois, tout FR FR tout II thermostat UTILISATION clayette, thermomtre tout toutes
NL touchent tout tout Protection C.F.C., C.F.C. (R A) interventions formation A. Nous
basse service thermostat. thermostat thermostat marche FR FR service thermostat thermostat thermostat OK OK thermostat OK thermostat,
FR FR thermostat NOTA: OK thermostat. clayette froid clayette). clayette clayette clayette type type AVERTISSEMENTS IMPORTANTS basse conservation:
fromages influence performances tout FR FR Protection C.F.C. Tous services fonction
FR FR thermostat service tous (clayettes, clayettes. caoutchouc thermostat toute toutefois, tableau service Nous
Symptmes FR FR thermostat thermostat thermostat thermostat thermostat thermostat
FR FR service toute thermostat thermostat.
GARANTIE d'achat Sous initiative toutes Service intervention Service indications FR FR l'achat Service Service
FR FR indications brancher aspect toute basse basse +10C +38C. touche fond.
tout FR FR instructions fixation fixation fixation
FR FR fiche protection EEC (Directive EEC (Directive EMC) CE (Directive
fromage fromage fromage haricots tomate X: marchandises FR FR
FR FR Condition Service type, l`achat service tout
etwas FR DE
DE FR Informationen Informationen hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
Informationen Informationen Informationen DE DE
DE DE Brand Gase
Wand. DE DE Informationen (R Stoff
DE DE Informationen hat, Thermostat C C C C C C C C C C
Joghurt, Informationen C, DE DE Informationen hat
DE DE Informationen
DE DE offen, Motor, Thermostat
DE DE Warme
(L) (L) (A) DE DE ERC W8 A+ hat SN C C ST C
DE DE A: B:
DE DE EG- EWG EWG EEC
DE DE Tomate Ware) A/E/31-1.
DE DE
www.electrolux.com