ERES38820X
CONTENTS information Water First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to Thinking of of thinking and cleaning What to Technical (latch) the or to that the ance. This from becoming death child. Warning! the or the built-in clear of obstruction. The foodstuff, of with or without and household as this instruction If the other than that or unauthorised become and mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the to without
of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the or this to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected household only. They household tion. the the If the If the If and the they Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with the the If necessary, clean the If the the of the pliance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to only. Service to the servicing of the should
or This serviced thorized Service and used. Protection This which the its or tion The CONTROL PANEL Appliance ON/OFF Function Confirmation C and function Display/Indicator function function function Child function Switching the the If the (A), to the food the and the to +5C the To to C together with the refuse and The insulation the ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the If the the light off matically. The light closing and the Switching off The off (A) countdown from pleted.
The the (B). The flashes and (B) the to of The selected-temperature reached within hours. Functions activating the (D) the Each function confirmed (E). If there seconds the from the and tion. The following indicated: Child function function function function Child Function The Child function activated (D) necessary) the appears You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this operation through the as as this function activated. It to the function (D) the flash and then (E). Function If to amount of food, the cery activating the function to the products and to the oth- food which already the The function activated (D) necessary) the appears You the (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. The function off cally approximately hours. It to the function (D) the and then (E). Function The function activated the appears (or the +5C). You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. this the chosen (+5C), the food. It to the function the selected the function If to increase the the activating the Humidity function. The function activated (D) the appears. You the choice (E) within seconds. You hear the and the lighted. It to the function (D) the and then ton (E). Function The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of The Function the B. pressing the the flashes the Press the the appears the the choice of the or the E, hear the or seconds hear the the the tion the and the
shows the H. It to the function the selected the Warning! The with function acoustic sound the The indicated by: WATER DISPENSER Child Carbonated Water Water flashing acoustic closed), the the phase, the switched off (E). Child function The function activated Temporary Press or about three seconds the child light The child function reactivated matically about three seconds.
Press and the about three seconds. The or lights to locking and the child To the child function Press and the about three seconds. The child when activated. Selecting and bonated or The choice indicated the Water selection while the Water pressing or other the back the or to the flow. that or collected the below the The and when necessary. Lighting The lighting when FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the fin- ish. that the hose the of the the lighting that the Press the the lighting (about three seconds). Brightness about the used. Switch off the lighting that the Press the the lighting (about three seconds). Water The with though the eventually lights the seconds to the
DAILY USE of the The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the The should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced with the The the from the food On the to of the instructions. that the closed to function. shelves The of the with of that the shelves as shelves the to them to the shelf the to The and the that tions to allow the to the cleaning the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the closed bottles. This bottle to bottles. To this the upwards and the higher
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as lows: HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the ously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the the the of the free, then as required. the to foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the tor. the the C. the to C this the the It with higher the top of the If the to the high or the the If too cold, to higher
food or to the This too If to the of food the of centrally the and thermometer with of C hours the monitored. The CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the highly cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with This the performance of the and steady-stated (without the of to the cooling the the front to scratching the cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason cloth and cleaning or as these the or coating. cleaning, the to the supply. the To the performance the once New active purchased from to of the instructions.
the the to tion of the The obtained through Cleaning the necessary, clean the of the using cloth and The cleaned with and the using or as cleaning with cloth. Cleaning the The the and then: the of the the straight to completely the WHAT TO DO IF of the often which the following chart information about them to charges service. The operation of the with sounds and The The properly. Defrosting the from the of the the The through the back of the the where of the off the to the the the following the from supply food the and the to the the thoroughly least three of If necessary, the cleaned which or- through Service Force or through If the to once while to the food from of sound). This operation. The operates the of That why the of the the the feet and should the to
Sound too high of The sounds. The flashing. or shown the The continuously. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The food too high. The too high. Water flows the Food that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too cold. The the too The closed correctly. to "Closing the The food too high. The the too of food to cooled the The The to the correctly. The There the The of the The closed correctly. to occurred meas- the The incorrectly. The clogged. Clean the The outlet the the The incorrectly. The incorrectly. There the The switched off. Switch the the to the service (the cooling to food products cold, warmer the than necessary. the food crease to Decrease the that food the the outlet to the warmer colder the food crease to that there the of food to cooled the the to the correctly. another to the
Not enough the Too the The empty. to or flow. the and clean the the hose Water supply obstructed. supply. when nated the and the the hose The flashes. The lights constantly. The and the child flashes. The The to the The to the with tilation The to as the to the service. the The with longlife LED light. service allowed to the light- Service Closing the Clean the The with ordinary to "Selecting and The empty. to Water obstructed. supply. to "Water to "Water the The of exceeded. The to If necessary, the to "Installation". If necessary, the the Service to of the Service Force
TECHNICAL DATA Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the The least than Highest If from Capacity of the where crease to below INSTALLATION the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C To performance, the ance below the the top of the and the Water The connected to The only connected to least Ideally, however, the should The directly the and the top this the the top least
that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. the with to the and the To them these the the from the the from the the from the the and with the this Rear spacers the spacers within the cessory as shown the spacers the back of the and spacers with the
Connecting the Water supply should with and within from the This to plumber. There and the The hose cracked, or tight the its tion, that the correctly that there the to the Tighten the screw enough hand. that the properly tioned the that the "run-off" and which to the that If the the supplied. of the The active which the and aroma without of On the to performance. the the of the the the found the back of the the The should from the that the closed to function.
Starting the the first to the ply, to "Connecting the the the the (switch off and already Unlock the to Child Select and about of There to with. The and the to the of the the and screw the to the Tighten only. the with the attached the and that the of the the of the Then the upwards Unlock the to "Water Choose and further of The ready or- to the formance from the the reached.
It to the rection of the ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, The supply through the to the information. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop 298376946-A-072011