ERC39350W
CONTENTS information First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using it through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or of of thinking and Cleaning What to Technical to without to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected house- only. They household the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. If the cover If the If the or the as the which to to the Ice frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only.
Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used. Protection This which the OPERATION Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as the to the cold- ness. the higher to the coldness. FIRST USE Cleaning the using the the first the and with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE shelves The of the with of that the shelves as If its or tion The together with the and The insulation the ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the the the should that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the fin- ish.
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. To these as lows: the shelf the of the free, then as required. HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the the the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the only closed bottles. This bottle to previously bottles. To this the shelf upwards and the higher causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance:
food or the cover or the food, strong food that free- around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the highly cleaning products or to clean the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the the The through trough the back of the the tor where It to the frost the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already to the
WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshoot- that this The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The defective. to the The ates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. If The switched off. Switch the The rectly. of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the
Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to the The too high. products the There the the the from the the screw from the cover. the cover to the tration). the with of the and specifically household (the shown the cover). the cover. the screw to the cover. the to the the that the the process, frost the The clogged. Clean the The flow the the The correctly. The correctly. Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service This correct. that products the the outlet to the higher the crease to products the that there the
TECHNICAL DATA Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and of the the Location The should from of heat such as sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should or the of the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves Warning! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with regulations, consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. Rear spacers the spacers which as shown the
the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. carrying operations, the from the To the of the as follows: To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the tions. the with the the upright Unscrew the screws and the the cover from the and the the back the screw of the cover Unscrew the and it Unscrew the screw and the the using the screw the and the the the the that the front board of the to the front board of the top. the the and the (that found the instruction the the screw of the (that found the instruction
the to the and the with screws. ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the the the the that found the instruction Warning! Reposition, the least four hours and then to the to the operations, the Service Force. The Service the of the Warning! the of the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the fectly to the that the of the the back the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop