Instruction ERES
thinking o when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household it should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
instructions other functions to previous these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or using the of If about of the or the Customer the The the of and the of with or without household with these instructions. If the other than that or unauthorised become and to functioning, only used. or the or They and and with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that children to the operating or the of the the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type recommended the to supply WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING
to the of instructions USE DISPLAY Functions Select /Switch off /Switch Switching off Function Child Function Function Function Chill Function of the Function "H" acoustic HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the Cleaning Servicing and cleaning the Service operation To the of Defrosting the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION (to function). INSTALLATION the Cleaning Connecting the of the the the first Guarantee/Customer Service EUROPEAN GUARANTEE
USE and clean the as the section "Installation". that the hose located the the that the hose to the the to and switching the the first it upright about hours. the allow the to to the Appliance ON/OFF C and function Function Confirmation C
DISPLAY and acoustic If the indicated the or switch the the the (A), of the food the function that the following +5C the To regulation". Functions activating the the operating. Each function confirmed E. If there seconds the from the and The following indicated: Child function function function Negative If the Child function If the function If the Chill function If the function Chill function Select /Switch off /Switch The the (B) to the the the flashes the tor and the to You the choice of the the E, hear the or seconds hear the Then the shows the
The selected-temperature reached hours. It to the of as the the the first the displayed to the this that the than the Switching off The off (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. Function The function activated necessary) the appears this the selected the You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the It to the function the and then E. Child Function The Child function activated the appears You the choice within seconds. You Attention! hear the and the this through the as as this function activated. It to the function the flashes and then E. Function If to amount of food, the the function to the products and to the other food which already the The function activated the appears You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the The function off matically hours. It to the function the flashes and then E. Function The function activated the appears (or the +5C You the choice within seconds. You hear the and the
this the chosen 5C and 18C), the food. It to the function the selected of the Chill Function The Chill function the cooling of and bottles forced them. the the Chill and the to the The Chill function activated pressing necessary) the appears the cooling finished the function the flash, then and the to the of the The of this +2C and +8C. functioning the shows the the Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the Function "H" The function the 15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of The Function lated the B. the the flashes the Press the the appears the the choice of the or the E, hear the or seconds hear the the the function the and the shows the H. It to the function the selected the The whilst the function acoustic acoustic sound when the around The indicated by: flashing of the sounding of Attention!
Press the (E) to the acoustic H. Lights when the locking function activated. I. carbonated Used the choice of the and of the locking function. J. ordinary Used the choice of ordinary Switches the background lighting and off. Switches off the K. Lights when the L. Water out-feed Activated when or something upwards the M. N. Lighting closed): the acoustic The functions of the The locking function: The locking function activated the temporary the (I) about three seconds the (H) The locking function re-activated about three seconds. the buttons (I) and (J) the about three seconds. The (I) or (J) lights to To the locking function: the buttons (I) and (J) the about three seconds. Activation indicated the (H) lighting
Selecting and selection the (I) or the ordinary (J). The choice indicated the which lights The selection of while the Water obtained or other the (M). Stop the flow the or from the (M). that or collected the below the the carbonated obtained, there when the The and when necessary. Lighting: The lighting (N) when obtained. that the Then the ordinary (J) about three seconds the The lighting then with about of its intensity. To switch off the that the Then the ordinary (J) about three seconds the lighting the The with (K) which shows when to the the the to about of its expected this recommended that the flashing, the to of its the without the the section "Service operation". The switched off holding the ordinary (J) about three seconds the function: The built-in that groceries other without affecting their or
The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the the They to the with should with the facing the of the The to increase the of and reduce the of The with choices to Bottle- and The of the bottle and to of and bottles front of the To allow the to when the backwards. chilling of or bottles the should centrally front of the to the The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of this and heading Chill. shelf: The of the To the performance the should the from the top.
of the bottle- and the Chill with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to often switch there the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the the and clean. Food To the from foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the recycled. The easy and recycling.
MAINTENANCE and CLEANING the The to the the when the the of the outward/downward. Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the Cleaning Disconnect the from electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. NOT the with the the section the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the Servicing and cleaning the cleaning with or necessary, the of the and the that from the cloth and The cleaned with of If the off the to the that service to below C as cracking of the to If the to C.
the to the through thoroughly off least three of If necessary, containing the through Service Force or through www.electrolux.co.uk. Service operation The as follows: of or dishcloth the the the turning clockwise. amount of off and the the section the the first The to switched off when the from Service Force the section "Service and The as follows: the and the to the The obtained through To the The light switched when the the light the from the the screwdriver the the To of its location. and of the type, rating of W. of To the performance the should once with New purchased from The the and reached the cover. The cover the the right of the and turning the cover outward The then pulled of its The the existing The should from the
the Disconnect the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the the to If the to to once while to the food from of SOMETHING NOT WORKING Defrosting the The every the formation by: the the or too Service Force the following displayed the It too the It too the Water the the hose the back of the the the chapter using the the first The operates continuously. occurred the service (The cooling to food products cold, warmer food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean.
Sound too high. The Cooling or light light. Not enough the Too the The empty. the off amount of (about Incoming too Water and the the the the or The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the reach the connecting another to the The switched The The properly connected. Incoming too off amount of (about The the too high. the the with ordinary the section "The
when The and the yellow flashes the flashes. The and shows If there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service TECNICAL SPICIFICATION ERES31800W/ERES31800X capacity Height (to function). The flow the and/or Incoming too high. Capacity temporarily exceeded. the the and the the the "Connecting the The the of the expended. The of attained. with
Lowest Highest the where to below The connected to The connected to INSTALLATION Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. information, council or the allow children to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the the shelves the the the the of the shelf of the of the and the and the shelf and the with than If than reduction from the this Cleaning the of the using and cloth.
Connecting the hose. The coupling connected to with inch thread. This to technician. The to connected with shut-off cock. There and the The hose cracked, or tight If hose than that supplied, then supply hose should used. the its location, that the correctly that there the to the or to the and that the four spacers properly the that the "run-off" and which to of On the placed to the of the life. The should the the turned The cover the the right of the and turning the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover. The should from the
the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the only authorised service recommended the or to shock the the each other, the spacers the should the shown the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least
location where the to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each SN ST If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves that the hose the of the the The of the the the first The following should when the correctly connected to the supply the building: the the and the The and the to of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C Unpack the and as follows: the protective and the the seat and as shown the the and the the the the cover. the and the instructions the of the service hatch. Unlock the the section "The Select and off about of There to with. the as follows: the from and screw the the this which located the this without
the with the and that the the counterhold the Then turn the the and the instructions the of the service hatch. Unlock the and off further of or there that the the to The ready to the performance from the the reached. high the It to the The supply through the to the information. This earthed. If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off plug.The off should then of to the of inanother of The wires the coloured with the following and yellow -Earth If the of the Wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the "E" or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the "N" or coloured
the to the the which with the "L" or red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the from Service Force
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the- reof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning telephone routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electro- Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to ther of the countries below the ance with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
www.electrolux.com www.electr o