INSTRUCTION BOOKLET o ERES3500, ERES3500X GB GB
Instructions other functions to These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the instruction It the or to the The the of and the of with or without household with these instructions. If the other than that or unauthorised become and to functioning, only used. or the or They and and with Child that to the operating or the of the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Instructions of the Appliance the To the and thermostat the the and other features Switching off and Food Normal Sounds and Cleaning the Cleaning Servicing and cleaning the Service the the back of and the If the punctured, the and or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Defrosting the To the light of the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Conditions Technical Specification (to function) Unpacking Removing the Cleaning Connecting the hose of the the the first
to the instruction The following found the to through the instructions of the Appliance A. switch Switches the and off. B. the the C. buttons/thermostat Used to the the D. ACTION COOL Used to switch the Action Cool and off. instructions instructions and C ERES3500/ERES3500X bottle- and bottle ACTION COOL E. light Lights when Action Cool F. off Used to the off. G. warning light Flashes when of the the
H. Lights when the locking function activated. I. Used the choice of the and of the locking function. J. ordinary Used the choice of ordinary Switches the background lighting and off. the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing that the hose located the the that the hose connected to the the the the and switching the the first the To the and thermostat Switching Switch the the switch. the Press the buttons the flashes the (The +2C and +8C.) the lowers the Once the shows the the reaches +9C or below. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the Switches off the K. Lights when the L. Water out-feed Activated when or something upwards the M. N. Lighting upright about or hours horizontally. the This allow the to to the ACTION COOL ACTION COOL
It to the when the switched of The thermostat the the the roughly +5C. the of the The which the of 3-4C warmer than the the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. Distribute to allow to freely the products. products the they cooled foods properly. and other If the than the warning flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off The when the closed. (Action cool This function areas. One with bottles the shelf, and the other with amounts of food the shelf. Chilling of cans/bottles: the shelf section; Action cool shelf) the should turned to then the This indicated the with "C" and the yellow Chilling of This function with amounts of the Pressing the this function. This indicated the with "C" and the this function activated forced the groceries, and the the to +2C. hours the off and the back to its ACTION COOL MIN MAX C ACTION COOL
function: The built-in that near other groceries without affecting their or The functions of the The locking function: The locking function activated the temporary the (I) or (J) about three seconds the (H) The locking function re-activated about three seconds. the buttons (I) and (J) the about three seconds. The (I) or (J) lights to To the locking function: the (I) and (J) the about three seconds. Activation indicated the yellow (H) lighting Selecting and selection the (I) or the ordinary (J). The choice indicated the concerned lighting The selection of while the Water or other the (M). Stop the flow the or from the (M). that or collected the below the obtained, there when the The and when necessary. The lighting (N) cally when obtained. lighting: that the Then the ordinary (J) about three seconds the lighting The lighting then with about of its intensity. To switch off the that the Then the ordinary (J) about three seconds the lighting
the The with (K) which shows when it to the the then the to about of its his that the flashing, the to of its the without the the section "Service operation". The switched off the ordinary (J) about three seconds the Switching off Switch off the the switch. the second. to the completely when the disconnected. The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the the They the with should with the facing the of the The to increase the of and reduce the of The with choices to The The with which and front of the service cover. The bottles/foods or as The ACTION COOL
Bottle- and The of the bottle and to of and bottles front of the To allow the to when the backwards. chilling of or bottles the should centrally front of the to the chilling The bottle pulled when chilling bottles. of this functions and heading Chill. shelf: The of the To the performance the should the from the top. of the bottle-- and the Chill with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. and to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click" when the and
and Cleaning Removing the The to the the when the the of the Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the Don't high cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or when cleaning the Cleaning the from electricity supply Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. to the with the the section the and the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity Servicing and cleaning the cleaning with or necessary, the of the and the that from the cloth and The cleaned with of and If the to the and the Then sealed the Turn off the to the the the front to scratching the the to the through thoroughly off least three of the its thoroughly If necessary, containing sanitized.
Service operation The as follows: of or dishcloth the the the turning clockwise. amount of off and the the section the the first The to switched off when the from Service Force the section "Service and The as follows: the and the to the The through Defrosting the The every the formation by: the the or too To the light The light switched when the the light the from the the around the the to the when the the with light to grease from the clear, UV-blocked, low-pressure type light G4. V. rating of To the performance the should once year with New purchased from The the and reached the cover. The cover the the right of and turning the cover outward The then pulled of its The the existing The should from the the the from electricity supply Empty foods and the leaving the to If the while to it once while to the food from of G4 20W/12V
Something Not Working Service Force the following the The too high the It too the warmer Water the the hose the back of the the the chapter The operates continuously. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The Cooling or light light. The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the enough the Incoming too off amount of (about The the too high. the the Too the with ordinary the section "The The empty. the off amount of (about Incoming too Symptom occurred the service (The cooling to food products cold, food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. reach the connecting another to the The switched The The properly connected.
Water flow and clean the strainer the connecting the the or when Incoming too high. Capacity temporarily exceeded. The flashes the the and the the the "Connecting the The flashes. The the The and shows yellow The of attained. with Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: tephone routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something Not Working". the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products, invited to Customer or phone as follows or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded Conditions Conditions Conditions the Card. of the expended.
Technical Specification ERES3500/ERES3500X Height Rated (to function) The flow the and/or Lowest Highest of humidity, please the totally. Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. allow to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the the shelves the the the the of the of the of the and the shelf and the and the with the this than If than reduction from
Cleaning the of the and of to of or as the thoroughly. Connecting the the from the the the hose with the hose to the which located the the hose the and then the connecting properly to The only to hand. The hose cracked, or tight The hose finally to with the of the supplied. The coupling then connected to with inch thread. This to technician. The to connected with shut-off cock. There and the If hose than that supplied, then supply hose should used. the its location, that the correctly that there the to the or to the and that the four spacers properly the of On the to the of of the The should the the turned the and mount the The cover the the right of and turning the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover. The should from the
the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the the each other, the the wrapping should the shown the To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the using the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least The location whose to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each of SN ST +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves that the hose the of the the The of the
the the first The following should when the correctly to the supply the the the and the The and the to Unpack the and as follows: the protective and the the seat and as shown the the and the the the the cover. the and the instructions the of the service hatch. Unlock the the section "The Select and off about of There to with. the as follows: the from and screw the the this which located the this without the with the and that the the counterhold the Then the the and the instructions the of the service hatch. Unlock the and off further of or there that the the to The ready to the performance from the the reached. high the It to the The through the to the information.
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS1362) used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and yellow -Earth The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E" or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N" or coloured The coloured connected to the "L" or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath.
www.electrolux.com MARIESTAD DT-AV