ERF37800WX ENC74800
thinking of when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
instructions This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their other to previous these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the The the of and the of household with these instructions. or the or They and and with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that children to the operating or the of the the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type recommended the WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING
instructions USE of the the cooler Measuring the Switching off and other features Lighting of the To the the and the the Switching off HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Cleaning Defrosting the Defrosting the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING TECHNINICAL SPECIFICATION INSTALLATION the Cleaning the Guarantee/Customer Service
USE This whereby both operated the This that the becomes the and the as the section "Installation". that the hose the of the the the the and switching the the first upright about hours. the This allow the to to the C A. switch Switches the and off. B. buttons/thermostat Used to the C. the the D. buttons/thermostat Used to the E. Lights when lighting F. Lighting G. switch Switches the and off. H. buttons/thermostat Used to the (warmer). I. Shows the highest the J. buttons/thermostat Used to the ACTION FREEZE
K. Lights when operating. L. FAST FREEZE Used to switch the and off. M. warning Lights when of the the N. shut-off Used to the off. of the First switch Switching Switch the the switch. the Press the the flashes the (The +6C and +15C.) the lowers the Once the shows the the Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The thermostat the previously Attention! the displayed and when: recently selected the food the the cooler NOTE: The shows the and warmest the cold) The amount of to its maturity, type of and and purchasing whether or
the of the cooler. Cold the to maturity. Accord- ingly, and as as would to the of the cooler. The should to that to cold. the of the cooler. the that to further wines that warmer and those wines to relatively the bottles that the corks the the The cooler with with coating. This the light the cooler turning the light the cooler too often or too The should the the bottles with that the agitated. and tions the of purchase or the professional concern- the and Recommended white wines to +12C wines and light wines to +16C and wines to +8C If bottles top of another, they the cooling Measuring the If the measured using thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. Switching off To switch off, the ON/OFF This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. If the turned off, the off. while defrosting the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off the to this the ON/OFF the Clean the thoroughly section: and to of
and other features If the than the flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off The when the closed. Lighting The cooler lighting turned with the closed. This easy to the of the cooler without the The lighting should normally off, that the to light. The lighting off cally about of the The with the which that fresh food and of and food. To the and the Switching Switch the the switch. ACTION FREEZE The sounds the the reaches Turn off the the switch-off the Press the buttons the the (The -15C and -24C.) increases the the Once the shows the the Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The thermostat the ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
the To that that the the -18C or below. Please however, that the increases as the The built-in shows the warmest the If the measured using thermometer, the products this the the products. It that the built-in shows slightly that measured other Switching off To switch off, the ON/OFF This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the interruption of If the turned off, the off. while defrosting the If the -12C -15C and -24C) or than -3C -6C and -14C), the warning flashes and sounds. The then to flash. To switch off the Press the shut-off to switch off the The flashing. The when the the below -11C -15C and -24C) or colder than -2C -6C and -14C). what caused the the chapter "Something memory The memory shows when the The memory operates as follows: the the below -11C -15C and -24C) or than -2C -6C and -14C) the The and the warning to than the shut-off pressed, the then displays the warmest the the phase and the flashing. to the indication, to whether or to the products the ACTION FREEZE
-15C and -24C At about -12C: food products immediately to and should as as At -2C: Food products should (cooked) to eating or them. the of the food to or Press the hours to the food the You the when of food 24-hour switched off hours the pressed. the fast once The as as the products, the top shelves. cover the the the products as ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE as to allow to them. food products which to directly other food. The heat from the food the food to thaw the Once the products and them as as to each other. The food then the of too food the The of the indicated the specifications section. that the operating and the switching the first then should the to fresh foodstuff. Food purchased Follow the the indicated the Fresh food and food should than three months. food and low-fat food to about months. food and approximately
It to thaw foods the plate with to from Easily foods or microwave to thaw foodstuff, follow the instructions. Pull-out The that and easy to the food To the and the products directly the shelves. On shelves, the top shelf, to products that from the front This allows of the the It to shelves There the shelves the the shelf when food products to the to and about hours the food thoroughly and then normally. Food that this together, to the amount required. the to expands as Release the twisting the If they and the affected. throw and when
HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the Food which to (when cool) should the to the frosting the airtight them the follow the products the section the This wasting the too the the of -18C to -20C the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the The easy and recycling.
MAINTENANCE and CLEANING the as the cooling off. If the turned off, the off. Cleaning Clean the the from electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from Clean the the and that the clear If clear of the outlet to the Cleaning cleaning the of coated. NOT the outer with the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the Defrosting the The defrosted the formation by: the the or too Defrosting the Defrosting necessary. Every hours, the automatically. or other heating to defrosting. heat the interior, and the
If the to to once while to the food from of SOMETHING NOT WORKING the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and the the to contacting Service Force the following the flashing (It too the It too the It too the occurred the service (The cooling to food products cold, Switch off the the off The by: The recently switched and the too high. the chapter "Switching and the The that the food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer
It too the warmer It too the Action switched The shows the highest the the indicated the and the measured another the hose the back of the Water the the the chapter using the the first Too frost and produced. The operates continuously. The Cooling or light light. that the completely closed and that the and clean. If food products the of hours and then the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer that the completely closed and that the and clean. The switched reach the connecting another to the The properly connected. The
the when the to which the food products should to another that If the products following the they immediately If the food products fresh, they used, however they should or eating them. Sound too high. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION ERF37800WX capacity Height The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the
INSTALLATION the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the Unpack the and that and free of the immediately of the recycling. information, or the allow to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the the shelves the the the the of the of the of the and the shelf and the and the with the this of the attached the back of the to the
Cleaning the of the and cloth. the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire. To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location where the to the which the the rating the of the The following shows which each SN ST of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves that the hose the of the the The of the It to the the to grounded V. A. to the rating plate the the
Guarantee/Customer Service that within months of the of the purchase this or the- reof to reason only of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the city supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The viced, repaired, or with authorised Service Force service this or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within tho- which to Products of that Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning routed to the Service Force the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something the Service Force to the and telephone Clear of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please purchase or service
Customer concerning or further infor- mation products please Customer or telephone the or www.electro- Customer Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded M-300, www.electrolux.fr This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to ther of the countries below the ance with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and only within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
ofrecerle Usted
o o usted o
o o o instruya usted o o o o romperse. o o ADVERTENCIA! ADVERTENCIA! ADVERTENCIA! ADVERTENCIA!
Indice www.electrolux.com
C A. B. C. D. E. F. G. H. I. ACTION FREEZE
J. K. L. (ACTION FREEZE) M. N. botones +6C +17C.) NOTA:
o corchos. o Trate Tome o +12C +16C +8C botellas, tocan ON/OFF. "Count "Count o
ON/OFF. o o botones -15C -24C.) ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE ACTION FREEZE
-18C o inferior. ON/OFF. "Count "Count o -12C -15C -24C) o -3C -6C -14C), -11C -15C -24C) o -2C -6C -14C). -11C -15C -24C) o -2C ACTION FREEZE
-6C -14C), usted fase usted o -15C -24C -12C: -9C: o ACTION FREEZE interrumpirse ACTION FREEZE
o inferior.
Ahorro o -18,5C -20,5C
o "Ahorro o
SI EL ARTCULO NO FUNCIONA SATISFACTORIAMENTE usted frontal o
Desactive
o usted o
CARACTERISTICAS TCNICAS ERF37800WX ancho Un bombeado
INSTALACIN o shock o o
o o o shock o hornillo o recto pared. o o
+10C +32C SN ST pared, V. A. +16C +32C +18C +38C +18C +43C
ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, S.A. o o o botones, o o o o o o o informa o o ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS ESPAA, 3C MADRID CIF A08145872 M-300
o usted usted usted o fines www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108
Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK,
www.electrolux.com