o GEBRAUCHSANWEISUNGEN INSTRUCTION BOOKLET BRUKSANVISNING KYTTOHJE    ERN ERN GB FIN RUS
Informationen Brand
recyclingfhig. >PE< >PS< >PP< hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling Thermostatknopf O (STOP) Thermostatknopfes O.
D338 Nhe hoher Tr hoher Thermostatknopf Warme
Fachpersonal D037 Stromersparnis. Tr offen D411
(PNC) Tr warmer
(A B) Nhe SN +32C ST D526 +32C +38C +43C
PR0 ERN ERN EWG EWG EWG EWG
D022 D132 Tr (I) (B) (E) (C-D) C PR266
PR33 PR167 PR167 Rand Tr (K) PR168 PR167/1
Notes which or the functioning of the information operation and of the and concerning and sound of the Instructions This information the interests of Please or the Please the instruction reference. If please the the owner. The and to specifically the of only. the should the of please This heavy. The and of the when the and to this should or that the or the back of the that the the touches the the its lead, when the pulled of its If the the to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the or bottles the The bottles frost/freezer burns straight from the It to and the or this should to the yourself. to Service and Printed with sound Instructions the of the instructions Child This to operated only. allow the children to with the or with the products. There of suffocation! from Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling Information obtained from authorities. the and that or catches to children trapped Appliance Information The with the >PE< sheet >PS< CFC-free) >POM< sound!
of The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the Instructions and Starting the Defrosting Cleaning the light Something Customer Service and Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in and hours connecting the to allow the to back the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. the the the and the thermostat clockwise O (OFF). The thermostat the the of the Turn the thermostat to the The following effects of of the Quantity and of the food with which the and it the location of the The the hightest warmest lowest the
shelves The shelves cleaning. To of food of the shelves To the internal shelf or and Please the to the height. D338 of the front half-shelves the ones. The the and the bottle should to shelves To of food of the shelf the the of the free, then as required. thorough cleaning, the top and them the of the arrows, then them to where the placed. the section correctly the to the or the too as the and the to switch If the high, the thermostat the (higher numbers) and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or to the If this the to warmer numbers) to allow defrosting and electricity foods the Allow foods to cool first. the heat the the of clean. food or the and cover or the food, To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the this the the Meat this or the food, these should covered and of the shelves. these should thoroughly cleaned and the /s. these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should top and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the
the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. Defrosting Defrosting the The through trough the back of the the where D037 It to the Cleaning cleaning as it NEVER cleaning products or to the as these the and Clean the with and of and thoroughly. To operation of the once the the and the with cleaner. the the from the electricity supply. foods and clean the leaving the to the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: the light screws. the as shown the the other with another with the charcteristics. D411
Something Working to which easily the Technical Service. Please follow these instructions: SYMPTOM SOLUTION It too the It too the The continuously. There the Water the Customer service and If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and the Selective of and this reason the following information: (PNC) (S-No.) Technical The technical indicated the rating the the properly the the of the or products The properly Please the section. Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the Turn the to warmer temporarily. Turn the thermostat to The where the that the and that the The the introduction of of food and/or opening/closing of the defrosting frost thaws the cooling the hose the back of the the this clicking sounds when the connected or disconnected. The injected cooling sound while through the The and/or The insulation to increase allows insulation and This information found the rating plate the the that this information that
The of both According to the the top and the when as to to the cooling with operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. that there as to this and food instructions. the supply or assembly from the or its service Positioning Unpack the and that and of The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with of the following Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with The found the rating which located the the The following shows which each SN to +32C ST D526 of to +32C to +38C to +43C
that the and shown the plate to of the rated operation with used. The earthed. The with this If the supply earthed. the to earth with technician. The responsibility the Building-in of the of housing of housing of housing PR0 It that the with of the following ERN ERN This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of relative to interference EEC of Directive) and modifications. EEC of Directive) and Attention! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the Apply the as shown D022 D132
the and the the of the to that of hinges. the with screws (I) the included with the C (B) and cover (E) Apply covers (C-D) cover and PR266 as shown the the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the PR33 PR167
PR167 the and of from the outer of the where the (K). PR168 the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, necessary to the of the properly. PR167/1 cover the
informationer informationer service. Service/reparation Service hand. Reparationer ANVND DRFR ALDRIG VASSA FREML bort frost
horison brand. brand. brand. Placering Informationer >PE< >PS< >PP< AB isoleringsmaterial. Information
bort bort bort O. D ofta placering. P bort D338
intrffa P D037
bort bort service "Placering". bort D411
www.electrolux.se Service service, Service service. service, information service. service, service installation,
Distributionskontor, Placering D526 OBS! SN +32C ST EEG EEG EEG +32C +38C +43C
PR0 D022 D132 ERN ERN (I) (B) (E) (C-D) sprinthlen C PR266
PR33 PR167 PR167 bort (K) PR168 PR167/1
L KYT TERVI ESINEIT
HUOMIO: >PE< >PS< >PP< Irrota
O. D338
Irrota
D037 D411
MOD PROD. NO SER.
On SN +32C ST D526 +32C +38C +43C
EY- PR0 On ERN ERN EEC EEC helposti D022 D132
(I) C (B) (E) (C-D) PR266 PR33 PR167
PR167 (K) PR168 PR167/1
>PE< >PS<
O O.
D338
D037 D411
SN +32C ST D526 +32C +38C +43C
PR0 ERN ERN 73/23/CEE 87/308/CEE 89/336/CEE D022
D132 (I). C (B) (E), (C-D) PR266 PR33
PR167 PR167 (K). PR168 PR167/1
AB S-105 www.electrolux.se ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE