INSTRUCTION BOOKLET ERN ERN o UK
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should installed. the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
At the of the Appliance of authorised The the or its that this treated as household it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, Instructions the Instructions the food Bottle/Can The shelves Normal o ounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning the light Something Service and Customer Conditions the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the the and that or catches to Instructions the Technical specifications Positioning Building
the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate the although the affected by: the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling plate Turning the to the defrosting to If to to the thermostat to higher however should the to allow food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat or poultry): polythene and top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as of the front half-shelves the Bottle/Can Shelf ERN To or the bottle/can shelf, the shelf. that the bottle or the of the or, when the closed, the shelf. bottles the with the top to the front. bottles and crossways the Attention! only bottles or D338
ERN groceries mounted the and trays. easily The groceries the groceries forwards then upwards and To please the The shelves To of food of the shelf height. To this as thorough cleaning, the top and the bottle shelf them the of the arrows, then them Normal o ounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and
Health and of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too try to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that it then the as as NOT and cooked they to the meat other food. If the everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. food from and clean the and Cleaning). allow to and the the or chipped the to that clean and free from with and them with food. and using the or knife, without them thoroughly
Defrosting The every the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the the which already the D037 and Cleaning Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. products. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. Once or the and the the of the with or cleaner. You MUST that the switched OFF. of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and it with from Service Force the light its and the screw. the the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the the to D411
Something Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or installation, charge the to The light The the or section too high The frost and built Water the If the there Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there checking the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of to the thermostat turned to the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from the intact and clean. to operating sounds. the and
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer High Street SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY This based with EN153. the and where located. Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning The should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C ERN ERN The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
The of both According to the the top and the of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE D207 AMP BROWN BLUE CORD CLAMP If the of the the of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
Building of the of housing of housing of housing PR0 It that the with the following D526 follow indications the ERN ERN the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the Press the covers the and the the and the the of to that of the hinges. the with screws (I) the included with the D022 D132
C and cover Apply covers C-D as indicated. the and the the together the and the as shown the and the as indicated the PR266 the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover PR167 the and of from the outer of the where the (K). PR33 PR167
PR168 the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of this to the of the properly. PR167/1 cover the
ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE