USER MANUAL ERN
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or using the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this to that the the supply the supply from the or its service to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of they this the This only, specifically the of only. food NOT once or the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The cooling or shelves this through which the If these this to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off the or shelves. should allowed to when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. and Cleaning Switch off and the carrying cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service Force and At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to
of Appliances The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the CONTENTS Instructions the Information the The fresh food food Cold food Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning the cleaning the light Defrosting Something Not Working Service and Customer Instructions the Technical Specification Positioning Shelf
OPERATION the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the and the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the The thermostat as the the the following factors: the food of the prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling plate Turning the to the to Switch To that the efficiently when the below 16C, the switch mounted to the thermostat should switched caused leaving the switch this of operation). should the 16C to the switch off Switch The The four-star of food and fresh foods. fresh food It necessary to the thermostat when food. the switch least hours food to hours to of fresh food. food to the of the as this the If of food to and from the and food cooling shelves. to stated the of the section (where the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to and DEFROSTED COOKED FOOD MUST NOT BE REFROZEN.
food first or of the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the opertion the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. the immediately from the burns. items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely cooked and then Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of or the Defrosted cooked food The with or trays. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the Cold The with If there they food hours. Fresh food To the performance, food or the or the food, cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, hints: meat polythene and top of the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling or to the shelves. the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat and
shelves The of the that the shelves as of the front half-shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves height.To these as follows: the shelf the of the arrows off, then as required.
HINTS AND TIPS Food To the from neither which should the the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each food. food from and clean, to and that food the and and to that food its food it straight The of insulated the food the immediately. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating the to of heat, or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the food to cool to the or Food which to (when cool) should the to the Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without The following should Cream: Once should and If should cooked and and Can without Shellfish: Should and quickly. Dishes: should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh
MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to cleaning Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows; Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with of the (the shown the light from Service Force the light cover its and the screw.
Defrosting The the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the and the which already the to the throughly replacing. the frost reached thickness of to the with the this to the from the and the food. this operation. (once or as follows: the thermostat to the OFF (O) or the from the food from the and sheets of newspaper and the and the the the of the of the low-sided beneath the to the Clean and thoroughly. the of the the to the or the thermostat to functioning the least hour, the food the defrosting the the the thermostat and this of the food defrosting, their life.
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the Service Force the following Symptom to the The light The the or section too high The The continously frost and built Water the prolonged of and lower, the this This to the within the 6C or the thermostat to the there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the thermostat the turned to the relative to the within the operating please to the section this instruction the necessary. If to allow the to the thermostat to the that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the and clean. to operating sounds. the and
of approximately hours normally the food the the If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Companys property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN the and where it located.
INSTALLATION Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning This should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following Shelf with shelf that to the shelves To them as follows: the from the back, the of the arrow freed and the It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
to this should or WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of The the coloured with the following and Earth If own the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
Instructions built-in The with the right or the of the as the following instructions Unscrew the and the the Unscrew the and the and them the the the and the the Unscrew the and the and them the Recess Height To allow the clearances shown Furthermore, that the with the following
the the that the of the the where the of the fitted. the the the and that the with the of the the with screws the included with the (I (P Apply the the and the Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) as shown the
the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly.
If the to the of the the screws fixing (D), the as shown the and the screws. Then cover (E). of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.co.uk