ERN16510
CONTENTS information First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first using the this user including its hints and To and to that using the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical to without to that the ance. This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected household only. They household tion. the the and the they Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the If the cover If the If the with the the If necessary, clean the If the the of the pliance. Installation follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours connecting the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used.
Protection This which the its or tion The together with the refuse and The insulation the OPERATION Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as turn the to the coldness. the higher to the coldness. FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE shelves The of the with of that the shelves as of the front half- shelves the rear ones. the the and the bottle shelf to ance to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the the the should that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the fin- ish.
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS Normal Sounds You hear and sound when the through the or This correct. the the around and hear whirring sound and from the This rect. The thermic might cracking It physical phenomenon. This correct. the switches or switches off, hear "click" of the This correct. the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the ously, causing frost or the If this the the the of the arrows free, then as required. warmer to allow defrosting and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around it hints: Meat types) polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided.
and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and clean to they clean and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason that the casing of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. If onions and garlic, packed, the tor. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the frost the of the to the overflowing and to the food the provided, which already ted the of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and
the to If the to once while to WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshoot- that this The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The defective. to the The ates continually. The correctly. to the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The the the The correctly. The correctly. the food from of There sounds the to the correctly. to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the rear the outlet to the higher
The too high. products the There the the the from the the screw from the cover. the to the the with of the and specifically household (the shown the cover). the cover. the screw to the cover. the to the the that the TECHNICAL DATA of the The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" the the and of Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to "Installation". If necessary, the the Service the crease to products the that there the
Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C to this should or Warning! This earthed. The should these The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the coloured to the with the N or the coloured to the with the L or coloured red. that or stray of and the the sheath. the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Switch the The with the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Warning! off serious (shock) that of The of the to the right. If to the to the follow these the and the the the spacer. With the
On the the the spacer. the the The the the that the freely. the following Apply the to the as shown
the the the the of the arrows the cover the the the of the arrows the the of the the the that the the and the front- The cover the that the the and the correct. that the clearance the and the the the hinge the to the with screws. the from the hinge cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX
the covers (C, D) to the and the the covers (E) to the hinge. C the and the the of the the the the and the of the together the and the and the
the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws the and the the ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, Press the the to that: screws The attached tightly to the If the the the of the The of the increases when the increases. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop