ERN28700
CONTENTS information First hints and and cleaning SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first using the this including its hints and To and to that the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or Thinking of of thinking www.electrolux.com What to Technical to that the ance. This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the specifications or this to without
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of lighting. This should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected household only. They household tion. the the and the they food products directly the the food once food ance with the food instructions. If the If the If the Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which to to the Ice frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, the If the the of the pliance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or
that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used. Protection This which the Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as the to the coldness. the higher to the coldness. the the should that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the If its or tion The together with the refuse and The insulation the ance to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the near the heat The this the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced Switch function If than the Switch function the switch (A). The built-in light
FIRST USE Cleaning the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE fresh food The fresh food and and food If amount of fresh food, these the Switch function. the food the of the the completed the Switch function. If of fresh food, these the Switch function least hours food. the food the of the hours, when the completed, the Switch function. Warning! The hours: this other food to The amount of food that hours specified the rating located the of the of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher If of food to and from ance and food cooling shelves to the performance. Warning! that foods the stated the or as these the fin- ish. of the section (where the of defrosting, to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this tion. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the Cold The least which increases the of or breakdown. shelves The of the with of that the shelves as of the front half- shelves the ones.
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the ously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or wrap the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the To these as the the of the arrows free, then as required. foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the tor. To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thor- oughly cleaned, food to to and completely and
to to thaw the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than absolutely necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this only cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the frost the of the to the overflowing and to the food the which ted the
Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost ches thickness of about About hours to defrosting, the higher to the operation. To the frost, follow the instructions below: Switch off the food, of newspaper and cool with to the If the and the the seat- the to the to the of the of that defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Switch the or three the food the Warning! to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thaw- other than those the of the food shorten their life. of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and
the to If the to once while to the food from of WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshoot- that this The The The to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The defective. to the The ates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to the The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The the the The correctly. The correctly. There sounds the to the correctly. to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the the to the higher
The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. the the from the the screw from the cover. the cover to the the with of the and specifically household (the shown the cover). the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the TECHNICAL DATA of the Height There the Products too to each other. Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service the crease to products the that there the that there higher
The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C to this should or Warning! This earthed. The should these The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: the coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the coloured to the with the N or coloured the coloured to the with the L or coloured red. that or stray of and the the outer sheath.
the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating Switch the The with the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Warning! off serious (shock) that of reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the these the and the the the spacer. the the and the On the Tighten the the the the spacer. the Tighten the The the
the that the freely. these If the and then apply it to the as shown the the the the of the arrows the cover the the the of the the the of the
the the that the the and the front- The cover the that the the and the correct. that the clearance the and the the the cover the to the with screws. the from the (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the (B). the covers (E) to the C
the laterally to the the screws of the (G) and the (G) the the screws of the (G) the (H) to the (G). the and the the of the the the
the and the of the together the and the and the the and of from the of the where the (K). ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the the and with the screws the and the the Press the the to that: screws tightened. The attached tightly to the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop 222301056-A-482010