INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to the should or to that the the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should and Cleaning The cooling or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the from At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to This should serviced authorised and should used. when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to children the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Technical Positioning Rear Spacers Operation To the the of food Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves The fresh food food Normal Sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions cleaning the the light Defrosting
or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION COOL FLOW CONTROL of To the Appliance Thermostat light the amount of through the the of the which the 10C and 16C, the should the MIN the high the to MAX. should MIN and the 16C the MAX. back of the section, to and the the supply. Turn the thermostat (B) to the approximately the and switch the MIN and MAX. The light (A) hours the to reached food To switch off the the thermostat to Allow the to hours installation. the The within the the thermostat the top of the Turn the thermostat the The intermediate usually the Turn the thermostat to the To the as follows: MAX MIN The thermostat as the both within the and the The thermostat the the the following factors: often the food of the
or the food, food or the cover To the performance, such as or plastic, which cover the shelves with protective the To correctly, hints: food items, including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of from the electricity supply. bottles: these should and should the bottle the polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or polythene and the meat the Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the (G) and then screw the the from (G), the which should then the the the releasing from the hinge (H). the screws from the hand to the right Unscrew the hinge. hinge (A). the (B). please the the back of If the with the the obstructed. Warning the and the to the that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the the and (A) the the (B). cleaning. Gently ease the the The shelves easily shown. Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves of the front half-shelves the ones. The of the that shelves as
EARTHED. WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE this The should should or to this Service Force from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of relative to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive food which allowed to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely defrosted cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then the food the or food items cooked from this Thawing of food and The four-star fresh foods. the and turn the thermostat to fresh foods the to higher The fresh food the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing food: follow the instructions, the of or the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the To operation of the the with the or hours to of fresh food. food to the of the as this the hours the and thermostat to previous and Earth with the following The wires the coloured as follows: If own the of the wires with the the terminals the of should cooked and then affected the and the should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: the of DO NOT OPEN If the the and the food to thaw, the food THE DOOR, the food the there crystals within them. The following should once should Shellfish should and Dishes should without its and as cooked dishes. cooked Defrosted cooked food food or of the including the the indicated the the or than absolutely necessary. food Warning the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. The with or trays. carbonated the immediately from the burns. the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the
operation. The below of the hear. These and The advanced of frost free hear operating correctly Normal Sounds which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C spacers to the back of the The containing the the to DO NOT with restricted Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they There should of of the the Rear spacers the of the screwing the foot, or the of the using or
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY food and than food, food, once reduces the the and that its that the within hours. which or of the indicated. Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as food cool that then NOT the cool. the as as the closed as as the and where located. This based with EN food, bottles or of the as they with to the the to food which already as the or fresh food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating The the of meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked meat, they to the everything and clean thoroughly. food from and to and that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. allow to and food uncovered. or knife, without them thoroughly and using the them with clean food. with and or chipped the the It that food its the to that and from The fresh foods to fresh and of the and and The of each should enough to that
If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. cleaning that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS Unscrew the and with of the from Service Force (the shown the light cleaned with with plastics this this reason chemicals that the recommended that the outer casing of this cleaners THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: to frost free. as this automatically. This there to the light cover its Defrosting Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, of the performance of the and electricity You MUST that the switched OFF. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to the UK Ireland
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS routed to the Service Force covering www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please If to below, or to caused incorrect or Service Force the following charge the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom of Ireland (Irl) Telephone the below: Customer Service Ireland please please the the heading Something Not the thermostat the top of the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the or section too high The light to the The purchase telephone and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or www.electrolux.co.uk concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The High Street Customer Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded of food recently the and/or customers should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. to operating sounds. Please that of purchase service
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk telephone routed to the Service Force covering SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If to below, or to incorrect or Service Force the following the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom please the the heading Something Customer Service Ireland please the below: Telephone (Irl) of Ireland the thermostat the top of the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the it the The the or section too high The light to the please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, www.electrolux.co.uk Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase the the thermostat to If to allow the to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously The to this recorded Customer High Street SL1 1DZ Slough of food recently the and/or should that the as the If, the there Service Force charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. to operating sounds. Please that of purchase service
cleaning ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING the light the indicated the arrow. the and the the cover If becomes to the that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND cleaners recommended that the casing of this chemicals that the plastics this this reason only cleaned with with (the shown the light from Service Force Unscrew the and with of the and to these hours which service this Service Force or become the property. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: You MUST that the switched OFF. of the and electricity of the performance with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the Defrosting the light its This there to as this automatically. to frost free. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another the to from the electricity supply, the foods and the leaving the Slough UK Ireland
Height TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS of from foods.This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY food and than food, food, once reduces the the and that its that the within which or of the indicated. Partially food the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight as as showed that the of of and It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food together too to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as food cool that then NOT the cool. the as as the closed as as This based with EN the and where located. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the to food which already as the or fresh food this the of the food to and its and to reduce The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and The the of meat other food. If the meat NOT and cooked meat, they to the everything and clean thoroughly. food from and to and that food the and and to that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. allow to and food uncovered. or knife, without them thoroughly the clean and them with food. with and or chipped the the It that food its the to that and free from The fresh foods to fresh and of the and and The of each should enough to that
Normal Sounds operating correctly The advanced of frost hear operation. The below of the hear. These and which the To this, to instructions the which choose to the IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. each The following shows which This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the +16C to 32C SN +10C to 32C Positioning outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or colder or warmer, then the below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. least the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C spacers to the back of the The containing the spacers the to DO NOT with restricted Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they There should of of the the Rear the of the screwing the foot, or the of the or
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown completely cooked and Alternatively, the food uncooked and then the food items cooked from this food the or cooking of food and The four-star fresh foods. the and the thermostat to fresh the to higher The fresh food easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing food: follow the instructions, the of or the cooked while and of that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the To operation of the the with the or hours to of fresh food. food to the of the as this the hours the and thermostat to the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth should cooked and then affected the and the should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: the of DO NOT OPEN If the the and the food to thaw, the food THE DOOR, the food the there crystals within them. The following should once should Shellfish should and Dishes should without its and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. Defrosted cooked food food or of the including the the indicated the the or than necessary. food Warning or and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the as this or items from the frost/freezer burns. The with or trays. carbonated the immediately from the burns. the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red. the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the or to the from the
food hints: To correctly, the cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which To the performance, food or the cover or the food, particularly items, including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of Disconnect from the electricity supply. cleaned and the these should thoroughly or the Meat this the poultry): polythene and the airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as the bottle the bottles: these should and should (G) and then screw the the from (G), the which should then the the the releasing from the (H). the screws from the to the right hand Unscrew the (A). the (B). Warning the obstructed. If using the with the please the the back of the and the to the that the to the If the the with of the operation, perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the the and hinge (A) the the (B). Positioning the shelves Positioning the shelves The shelves easily cleaning. Gently ease the the shown. shelves as The of the that the ones. of the front half-shelves
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN