INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST or using the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the supply from as stated the turned to allow should to the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost Instructions. carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to the and that or trapped of authorised This only, specifically the of
the of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused household service or the where the or its and this household to of this please city office, the the recycling of that this treated as information about recycling of this purchased the The of Appliances Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS Instruction built-in Technical Positioning Shelf Activation of functions Switching off of the the food Function acoustic Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning Conditions the the light Defrosting Something Not Service and Customer
together the and the the the and the and the as indicated the the and with the screws from the of the the the and with supplied. or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION necessary, the clearance of Should the of the the of the properly. At the of operations, necessary to Thermostat C Function and function Applince ON/OFF cover DISPLAY Each C pressed, the following functions activated clockwise Activation of function (A), the the the as the turned the following appear the or If the shopping function the off, (B) The off holding (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. off. Normal operation Switching off and the to the (D) the following indicating that the roughly +5C the
or the food, strong food or the cover To the performance, such as or plastic, which cover the shelves with protective the food of the The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: the Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) polythene and the meat or the To correctly, hints: polythene to as as these should airtight or wrapped or Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the Turn the thermostat the both within the and the The thermostat as the The thermostat the the the following factors: The intermediate the Turn the thermostat to the as shown the bottles: these should and should the bottle the acoustic sound when the around The indicated by: acoustic flashing the If to amount of food, The function activated C activating the function to the products necessary) the and to the other food which the and/or often the Function food of the as shown the and the of the of the the with the screws supplied. round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the closed): when the through the You hear or sounds or the rear, to the cooling Press the (C) to the acoustic Normal Sounds the acoustic sound. It to the function C "Function Activation"). The function off approximately hours. appears hear click when the thermostat thermostat the and and
the to the the using The of the that the of the front half-shelves shelves as the ones. Positioning the shelves shelves with the of the where the of the the the that fitted. the the the of the the the and that the To of food of the shelf the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: (I (P included with the the with screws the This bottle to previously bottles. To this the shelf upwards and the higher the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the shelf closed bottles. and the Apply the the and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or food to cool to the as as the food and HINTS AND TIPS To the from the should the neither foods which Food the back of the It to the with or cleaner. there the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the food together too try to allow to around each food from and clean, to and Cleaning. food uncovered.
If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the light MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning the the following actions to The with the to the right. Reversibility Unscrew the and with of the from Service Force (the shown the light PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE of the performance of the and electricity cleaning Unscrew the and the spacer; them the Unscrew the and the the and screw the and the back the the foods and clean the the the from the electricity supply, to the light cover its the Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, Instructions built-in Recess The the located the back of the The the the where Defrosting The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Height the which of the the back of To overflowing the clean the the the the the to the throughly replacing. Furthermore, that the with the following
EARTHED. WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE this The should should or to this Service Force obtained from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of relative to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive If the correctly, please the following Service Force SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of modifications. EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and modifications; EEC of Directive) the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the The light to the and Earth with the following The wires the coloured as follows: If the of the wires with the the terminals the of of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. the and Cleaning). to operating sounds. Water the the to the the which with the L or coloured red. the to the the which with the N or coloured
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working? telephone routed to the Service Force covering the Service Force to the following The and of the (found the rating Clear and of the and The purchase which the To this, to instructions the which choose to the This should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning please Customer or telephone the below or concerning or further information products, Please that purchase or service CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT Appliances Customer to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C to this recorded Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following with that to the shelves Shelf the from the and the the of the arrow, freed and the To them as follows:
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS TOTAL POWER ABSORBED POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY the and where located. AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY This based with EN service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. This relates to and to another UK
POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the electricity supply stated the rating GUARANTEE CONDITIONS This based with EN AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY the and where located. NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY service this Service Force or become the Companys property. and to these hours which charged. The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised This to and other rights. This cover: Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the Community (EC) or or from or neglect, the of light or of or plastic. If should to another country within then with to to the following Appliances found to within those which to Products of which The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and The and with instructions and domestically, household. within the Community (EC) or The account country. This relates to and to another UK
SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service Force telephoning:- the of service, or to purchase please It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning The purchase and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating the Service Force to the following telephone routed to the Service Force covering please the the heading Something Not Working? www.serviceforce.co.uk the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the which the To this, to instructions the which choose to the This should only location where the to the indicated the rating which located the the of the Positioning Customer Appliances CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT service Please that purchase or www.electrolux.co.uk concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or to or or outhouse. If these heat and atmosphere, of sunlight and from warmer or then the The should located correctly. each The following shows which +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C SN +10C to 32C +18C to 43C Bedfordshire to this recorded LU4 9QQ building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following with shelf that to the shelves Shelf the from the and the the of the arrow, freed and the To them as follows:
The the The indicated the the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Service Force to this should or The should this WARNING:THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force SOMETHING NOT WORKING Symptom EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of should The off should then of to off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off the thermostat the turned to the to there the household lights. the light switch that the correctly fitted. there the the the The the The light to the the of If the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: The wires the coloured with the following and Earth of food recently the and/or the the thermostat to operating please to the the within the section this instruction the necessary. that the closed. The continously or coloured and E or the earth yellow. the which with the the and (earth) to the If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. that obstructed. the and to operating sounds. Water the the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red.
cleaning and thoroughly. and of to of Clean the and with ELECTRICITY supply. DISCONNECT the from the or cleaning MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING the light the indicated the arrow. the and the the cover If becomes necessary to the the the following actions to The with the to the right. Reversibility cleaning of the and electricity of the performance INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES,TO CLEAN THE (the shown the light from Service Force Unscrew the and with of the Unscrew the and the spacer; them the Unscrew the and the the and screw the and the back the the with or cleaner, and the the back of the Once or the the the light its to from the electricity supply, the foods and the leaving the Instructions built-in Recess Defrosting the where The the located the back of the The every the The According to the of both the top and the To allow the clearances shown Height replacing. throughly to the the the already the To overflowing the the the of the the back of the which Furthermore, that the with the following
the the to the The of the that the of the front half-shelves shelves as the ones. Positioning the shelves shelves the of the the the and that the fitted. the the the the that where the of the with the of the To of food of the the of the arrows the shelves height.To off, then as required. these as follows: the with screws the included with the (I (P This bottle to previously bottles. To this the shelf upwards and the higher the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the horizontally, bottles. Apply the the and the and that the of the the cool obstructed. the to of heat, such as or food to cool to the as as the food and HINTS AND TIPS To the from the should the neither foods which Food the back of the It to the with or cleaner. there obstructions the from closing properly. or the too as to switch the and the to the food together too to allow to around each food from and clean, to and food uncovered.
the To the as follows: the thermostat the top of the The within the of the Fresh food the cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which To the performance, food or the cover or the food, Apply covers (C-D) cover and (B) and cover (E) Turn the thermostat to the The intermediate usually the the the following The thermostat the both within the and the The thermostat as the factors: Turn the thermostat the cleaned and the these should thoroughly or the Meat this airtight or wrapped or these should polythene to as as hints: To correctly, the meat or poultry): wrap polythene and the shelf as shown the food of the Function often the and to the other food which already the and/or necessary) the activating the function to the products The shopping function activated C If to amount of food, the flashing acoustic The indicated by: around acoustic sound when the the bottle the bottles: these should and should as shown the and the of the of the the with the screws supplied. appears approximately The function off It to the function C "Function Activation"). sound. the acoustic Normal Sounds Press the (C) to the acoustic closed): or the rear, to the cooling You hear or sounds when the through the the the sound or from the round, and hear whirring and thermostat the and hear click when the thermostat
the and with from the of the the the and with the screws and the as indicated the the and the the together the and the supplied. or as the thoroughly. with and of the to of OPERATION At the of operations, to the of the properly. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of Thermostat C Function and function Applince ON/OFF cover DISPLAY C pressed, the following activated clockwise Activation of function (A), the the the as the turned the following appear the or If the function the off, (B) The off holding (A) than second. this, countdown of the from shown. off. Normal Switching off and the to the (D) the following indicating that the roughly +5C the
reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the to the functioning of the and the information. This information the of safety.You MUST it or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. food NOT once as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this the from as stated the turned to allow should to leaving the should or to that the Whenever the back of the the supply The should hours which heat should exposed. to this Service Force the to Child instructions. the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed The cooling or shelves and Cleaning INSTRUMENTS to off frost or NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to thaw, when defrosting the Defrost carrying cleaning or Switch off and the Servicing allow children to with the or with the from This should serviced authorised and only should used. At the of the Appliance the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or Service Force and serious malfunctioning. to when other (such as as to to the cooling prolonged of the to with The located to of or boilers. sunlight. cooling and recharging This its therefore authorized technicians. catches to children the and that or of authorised This only, specifically the of
of Appliances The purchased the that this treated as information about recycling of this the the recycling of please city office, household to of this the or its and this household service or the where of correctly, and health, which otherwise caused the CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the Activation of functions Switching off of the the Fresh food Technical Positioning Shelf Instruction built-in Function acoustic Normal operating sounds shelves Positioning the shelves Bottle and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the the light Defrosting Something Service and Customer Conditions
INSTRUCTION BOOK ERN