INSTRUCTION BOOKLET o ERN23800 EN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND ADVICE It that this instruction together with the reference. If the should or to others, that the instruction included with it that the become with its operation and the information concerning If this with to with that the the The of this to from becoming the their This information and that of others. Therefore, please this information and the This to to that neither as toy. the cleaning and and the those that with eat products such as as as they of the ance the they burns. This heavy. whenever to when the as to of the cooling and to the of of coolant. The or prolonged of the ance to of sunlight. the and from to the cooling the of built-in the the Household and/or to only and/or freezing foods and the of the +18C and +43C (Class T); +18C and +38C (Class ST); +16C and +32C (Class N); +10C and +32C (Class SN); the shown the Service Repairs to the house's that the to only. It to or to the characteristics of this This the cooling and recharging authorised only. the of to the own. Repairs the service and only. the the the becomes with or with assembly from the or the technical service The heats the and that freely around the tioning and to the Follow the instructions. The the the cooling to the least hours connecting the to the to allow the to back the
CAUTION: It follow these instructions when the the indicated the this to: when the below the the of the guaranteed; therefore that the products eaten as as products Follow the instructions cerning the and/or of foods. and that become covered with frost. the the frost defrosting) or manually. to the frost with There the that the This why should used. Similarly, the or other bottles or of the or the as they INFORMATION ABOUT DISPOSAL OF THE PACKING MATE- RIALS This information the and household those recyclable which It of the and ted the to this type of the of the If this type of where of these together with household the of recyclable plastics such protection This the its cooling and The to together with household and You the cooling the back of the to the heat office where the recycling located. The this and fied the recycled. The the or that this as household It to that with recycling and that this properly, the and health that would otherwise the of of the of this To information about recycling this the office of the city refuse service or the where the purchased. The bear the following PE PE-HD; PE- LD PP PS PLASTIC PARTS to and/or recycling of the of the to them to
CONTENTS information and Information about of the Cleaning Activating the functions Switching off the function shelves Positioning the shelves Appliance off prolonged Cleaning Technical Reversibility of the instructions USE Cleaning Once the thorou- with and to the characteristic products, or ON/OFF of the and function C Function thermostat
DISPLAY or If it that the function active. If the LCD the the ON (A). as the turned the information the The indicating that the the (D) the intermediate the ready to the following about +5C the the The and increased cold) or (cold- with of the (D) rotation. the to found that the the following factors: the amount of foods; of the It to the the to internal of about +5C Activating the The following activated C pressed: function. operation Switching off the To switch off the (A) than second. the countdown of the the switches off, the (B) switches off turn. If the thermostat the that the continuously when the high and the this the of too frost the rear of the To this the thermostat defrosting with
Function the amount of foods to the to the function to them and to the of the other foods the from The function activated C necessary) the appears the The function off about hours. The function deactivated To off, C Activating the To top efficiency of the foods that or rating cover the foods, they tic; the foods that the freely. shelves The the internal of the allow to the shelves as required. To the front half-shelves top of the ones. Positioning the shelves The of the shelves To follow these the shelves them the tion shown the arrows. Reassemble them the
TIPS should the foods arranged? Meat types): and the shelf the The of or the foods, them covered and the washed). and them or and them their Bottled to of the onions and to the cooked. MAINTENANCE the operation. this the cooling and rechar- authorised only. Cleaning when cleaning the Clean the of the with and and the located the back of the using or cleaner. the of the Press the release and the the the ted the arrow. with (the shown the Appliance off prolonged the following when the switched off cer- of the and thoroughly; the partially to foul
Defrosting The matically the The defrosting found the of the where Clean the defrosting found the of the to the from overflowing and the foods the the found the to this operation. recycling The with which turned with the switch The light, when that the It that the (D.A.C.) when the 25C. MALFUNCTIONING If the malfunctions, the the and the switch off; the off; the the right there of the of the and the defrosting chapter Defrosting). these the service the malfunctioning to service inform the service of the and found the of warranty or the plate ted the the when the
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY V/ HZ TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY KWH GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY LOCATED. This based with EN153. the and where located. INSTALLATION WARNING IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD PPLIAN- CE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. DEPENDING UPON THE POSITION WHICH YOU CHOOSE FOR YOUR APPLIANCE, YOU MAY WISH TO REVERSE THE WAY IN WHICH THE DOOR OPENS. TO DO THIS, REFER TO INSTRUCTIONS UNDER DOOR REVER- SAL. POSITIONING The should tion where the to the indicated the rating which located the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located sphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Reversibility of the The of the with the top and based the which the If own the of the wires the of with the the as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the cover/car- The indicated the coloured the of the This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. Warning! Once the that the to the If the the too the might perfectly. this to the to its amount of the heating the with
instructions Height reasons as shown to the It that the with that these the the that the internal to the where the the plate and that the with the of the
the the screws the the and the the templates (C-D) the of the and the of the hinges. the (B) and the cover (E). and as shown the the the internal of the of the as shown the and the of the the the using the screws included.
the cover the the of the and the about the (B) the (A). the of the and together and the of the as shown the the and to from the of the the back the and with the screws included. the of the the of the to Once these operations completed, that the of the fectly. the cover the Once the reversed, that the to the If the the too the might fectly. this to the to its amount of the heating the with
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com