FI22/10FA FI22/10SA
information hints and to without information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people using the thoroughly with its operation and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone it through its properly informed and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the
It to the or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or aged overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to instructions. or the as If the cover If the If the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, the If the blocked, the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the icing of the should
or This serviced thorized Service and only used. Protection This which the its or insulation The Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as lows: the to the cold- ness. the higher to the coldness. Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh foods to the operation, the higher to the coldness. together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the the the should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the fin- ish. this the might below 0C. If this the to warmer the fresh food to the top of food first or of the products the
the least hours the higher If of food to and from ance and food cooling shelves to the performance. Warning! that foods the stated the of the section (where the of defrosting, to the off that the shown the technical characteristics chart the defrosted food or cooked immediately and then cooling). The of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and treating or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. To these as the the of the arrows free, then as required.
hints and the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely around it hints: Meat types) polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the hints: and cleaning the carrying operation. the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this only top fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to it to and completely and to to thaw the the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food This its cooling and
charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they clean and from and thoroughly. or and/or the highly cleaning products or to clean the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the ance and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where It to the the of the to the overflowing and the food the provided, which already the Defrosting the amount of frost the and around the top Defrost the when the frost thickness of about About hours to defrosting, the higher to the interruption operation. To the frost, follow the instructions below: Switch off the food, layers of newspaper and cool with to the the and the tic the seating the to the to the defrosting of the of that defrosting
defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Switch the or three hours, the food the Warning! to off frost from the as What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. If The switched off. Switch the The rectly. mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary.
The too high. The too high. Water flows the rear of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. There too frost. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. the the from the the screw from the cover. the cover to the tration). the with of the (the shown the cover). the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The flow the the The correctly. The correctly. There the Products too to each other. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the the outlet to the higher the crease to products the that there the products that there higher
Technical of the Height The technical information the rating plate the of the and the the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with consulting The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives.
reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the these the and the the the spacer. the the and the On the Tighten the the Tighten the the spacer. the Tighten the The the the that the freely. these the the the the of the arrows the cover the that the the and the front-edge the the of the arrows the the of the that the clearance the ance and the
the the The cover the that the the and the correct. the the cover the to the with screws. the the and the the from the (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the (B).
the covers (E) to the C the laterally to the the screws of the (G) and the (G) the Tighten the screws of the (G) the (H) to the (G). the and the the of the the the the and the of the
together the and the and the the and of from the outer of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and the the Press the the to that: screws The attached tightly to the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com