INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. This information the of You MUST or the IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION the If these this this through which the or shelves. should allowed INSTRUMENTS to off frost or The cooling or shelves and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the specifications or to this the supply as stated the should to the should or to that the it turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the from which heat should exposed. to this Appliance Child to when instructions. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. allow to with the or with the from of autho- serious malfunctioning. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with or boilers. sunlight. catches to the and that or or the This only, specifically the of food NOT once
Instructions the Information Instructions the CONTENTS from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top items, including food, food Disconnect from the electricity supply. Positioning Rear Spacers Technical Specification of the Appliance fresh food food D715 PIED/M Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the and then screw the the which should then the from (G), the the the the and the the the the Something Not Working Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the Service and PR228
EARTHED. WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE this The should should or to this Appliance obtained from ASTA or BSI should used. BSI362 The moulded the incorporates the of the The indicated the coloured The the of to interference This with the E.E.C. Directive DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE the from the off the fitted. If the that to off and The off should then of to the of should another of EEC of Directive) and E.E.C. Directives: This with the following and EEC of Directive) the of breakdown. Please that when the easily the ALARM SUPER ON MAX C GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE and Earth with the following The wires the coloured the of as follows: with the the If the of the C AMP BROWN CORD CLAMP BLUE the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. D207 food the to the the which with the L or coloured red. which with the N or coloured the to the the fresh foods C
ALARM SUPER ON MAX OPERATION It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning the the The light (C) to that the C light light with and of the to of Thermostat light C 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose Positioning Turn the thermostat the first the that the thermostat to the thermostat to coin.The internal of the turning of this food The within the the thermostat the top of the To the as follows: fresh food the the to S. first the that the thermostat to that fits the or as the thoroughly. B. Thermostat A. NP006 least (4) You should that freely the top of the and around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the the such as towards to higher To the thermostat the to fresh food high The light to that the function The operation light continuously, to that the highest D. light C. light E. light D200 to the back of the The containing the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear the to S hours to food (the light first the or of (D) hour to of fresh food. If the already operation, the should activated about hours fresh food. the first switched the light the to the of food. If the light (E) that the within the reached where the food PR60 the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they
DIMENSIONS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Height or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking uncooked and completely defrosted or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then of the as these the the food to the top of food to the This shortened, the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the N the yellow light (D) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY ready-cooked directly should directly the their thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to touch food which already the process, that the closed. food the and where located. This based with EN the tray(s) to the to and them the To release the the The with or trays. Defrosted cooked food or to the from the the the indicated the Finally, the or than absolutely necessary. immediately from the possibly burn. Warning round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the
of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES If the correctly, please the following there the SOMETHING NOT WORKING to the Symptom The the of as this the of the the or fresh food the to food which already food to and its and to reduce the indicated the within food, bottles or of with to the the as they as as showed that the of of and home. It then hours to the food and to 22C hour the to 7C the food as cool as that then the as as Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food together too to allow to around each the closed as as the the thermostat to the thermostat turned to the to If to allow the to there the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. the The the too high The continously The The months the or of the indicated the of the foods the of Whether and pre-treating them with clean food. with and that food the and and to that food its It that food its The to food to the to thaw slowly. food uncovered. of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the that the closed. frost and built or knife, without them thoroughly and the and and The of each should enough to that food, once food and than food, reduces the The foods to fresh and of the If further information the the and of the or to please Appliance telephoning:- defrosting to operating sounds. SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the food polythene or or that they to the food and airlight Partially food and that its that the which or of the
Defrosting as follows: defrosting (once or year) this operation. the the frost reached thickness of to the and the food. to the from with the this MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning Clean and thoroughly. the of the or the from the the thermostat (B) to the OFF of the low-sided the and the the the of the beneath the to the food from the and wrap sheets of newspaper and D068 Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the outer with NOT products. cleaning Attention! the thermostat to functioning the to the or defrosting, their life. of the food food the the least hours the previously performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 cooked as cooked dishes. and Dishes should Shellfish should and once should there crystals within them. of Meat: should cooked and Breads without should cooked and as should cooked and then quickly. the of causing the The following should the food without its within to foods and the the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the
with the this to the from the and the food. the frost reached thickness of to the this operation. defrosting (once or as follows: Defrosting MAINTENANCE AND CLEANING DISCONNECT the from or cleaning the ELECTRICITY supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning D068 of newspaper and food from the and beneath the to the the the of the the and the of the low-sided the thermostat (B) to the OFF or the from the the of the Clean and thoroughly. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, the outer with NOT products. cleaning hours the previously the least food the of the food their life. the to the or the thermostat to functioning Attention! performance of the and You MUST that the switched OFF. of the electricity COMPRESSOR CONDENSER D273/1 within to the food without its The following should the of causing the should cooked and then should cooked and as Breads without should cooked and of Meat: there crystals within them. once should Shellfish should and Dishes should and as cooked dishes. cooked quickly. foods and the leaving the the from the electricity supply, to THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED LEAVE STRONG ODOUR. the
HEALTH AND SAFETY GUIDELINES The following should to that the food as as of food than together with the to once-a-week that and of from foods. This If the correctly, please the following there the SOMETHING NOT WORKING to the Symptom the closed as as to around each food together too try to allow NOT the cool. Cool cooked food as as then the as as food as cool as that to 7C the to 22C hour the the food and showed that the of of and home. It then hours to as as the as they with to the food, bottles or of within hours. the indicated the reduce food to and its and to the to food which already the or fresh food as this the of the of The the the the thermostat to the thermostat turned to the to If to allow the to there checking the household lights. operating of 10C to 32C. the within the the necessary. the The the too high The continously The food uncovered. to thaw slowly. The to food to the that food its and and to that food the It that food its with and them with and pre-treating the of Whether the of the foods the or of the indicated The months of food recently the and/or that nothing the from closing. that obstructed. the and clean. the that the closed. frost and built The foods to fresh and of the food, reduces the food and than food, once that The of each should enough to and and the and or knife, without them thoroughly If further information the the terms and of the or to please Appliance telephoning:- defrosting to operating sounds. SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the which or of that the and that its quality. Partially food airlight or that they to the food and the food polythene or
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DIMENSIONS or food, to used, the food items the or cooked from this cooking uncooked and completely or thrown Alternatively, the food should eaten as as food which allowed to thaw cooked and then of the as these the the food to the top of food to the This shortened, the Once the food completely (which to hours) the switch to the N the yellow light (D) off. that the top Distribute the food the other further operation. POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED NET CAPACITY GROSS CAPACITY ready-cooked directly should directly the their microwave thawing of or type of or food: follow the instructions, the the cooked while and of meat that thoroughly cooked through. Meat, and should the of to first the or the least hours the food. The food to fresh and of the allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food This based with EN the and where located. the tray(s) to the to and them the The with or trays. To release the the Defrosted cooked food or to the from the the the indicated the Finally, the or than necessary. immediately from the possibly burn. Warning round, and hear whirring sound or from the the the hear when the thermostat thermostat the and and when the through the You hear or sounds or to the shelves. or the rear, to the cooling Normal Sounds the of the food the to and the Should the food affected the and the as this or items from the burns.
OPERATION MAX ON SUPER ALARM It to the from the supply; the therefore easily IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. INSTALLATION Warning light C Thermostat to of the with and of light light C to that the the the The light (C) which the To this, to instructions to the the which choose 10C (50F) and 32C (90F). outhouse, where the sunlight and from to or or or warmer, then the This to below 10C (50F). If these It should located atmosphere, of correctly. Positioning A. B. Thermostat thoroughly. or as the that fits the the thermostat to first the that fast to S. fresh food the the To the as follows: the thermostat the top of the The within the food turning of this coin.The internal of the the thermostat to Turn the thermostat the the thermostat to first the that NP006 least (4) the top of the and You should that freely around the back and the top of the There (A). Ideally, the should beneath (B). The back of the There should of of to the DO NOT with restricted the the E. light C. light D. light lowest highest that the The operation light continuously, to function The light to that the high fresh food to the To the thermostat to higher such as the D200 spacers to the back of the The containing the of the screwing the foot, or the of the Rear spacers where the food within the reached If the light (E) that the the of food. the to the first switched the light fresh food. hour to of fresh food. should activated about If the already operation, the fast-freeze (D) first the or of the to S hours to food (the yellow light PR60 the spacers the to Then them through (arrow (A) that the arrow (A) as shown the they
The the The indicated the coloured the of the This with the E.E.C. Directive of to interference The moulded the incorporates BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. obtained from Appliance to this should or The should this WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. DESCRIPTION OF THE APPLIANCE easily the Please that when the the of breakdown. EEC of Directive) and This with the following E.E.C. Directives: Directive) and EEC of modifications. another of the of shocks should The off should then of to home. off and If the that to the fitted. the from the off ALARM SUPER ON MAX C If own the of the wires with the the terminals as follows: the of The wires the coloured with the following and Earth AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW C or coloured and E or the earth the which with the the and (earth) to the CORD CLAMP BLUE BROWN AMP D207 food the to the the which with the N or coloured which with the L or coloured the to the the red. fresh foods C
CONTENTS Instructions the Information Instructions the from the inches) of Gently the its back with the top items, including food, food cool from the electricity supply. of the Appliance fresh food food Technical Specification Positioning Rear Spacers D715 PIED/M Unscrew the the the with punch. Cover the with the the and then screw the the which should then the from (G), the the the the and the the the the Normal operating sounds Health and and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Defrosting Something Not Working that the to the If the the with perfectly to the that of the operation, the of the or this heating the Service and PR228
the that the with the that the It that this instruction should retained with the Should the or to another owner, or should house and to know the functioning of the and the information. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION This information the of You MUST or the the If these this the or shelves. should allowed this through which The cooling plate or shelves INSTRUMENTS to off frost or and Cleaning NO should forced off to the and food DO NOT USE SHARP to when defrosting the Defrost should strictly to. to tions. Ice burns straight from the as this items from the or frost/freezer burns. The should hours It to the or to this the supply as stated the should to leaving the should or to that the turned to allow the This heavy. should the supply Whenever the back of the from which heat should exposed. to this Appliance Child to when instructions. This should serviced authorised and only should used. Switch off and the carry- cleaning or Servicing allow children to with the or with the from of autho- serious malfunctioning. the yourself. Repairs should to inexperienced or At the of the Appliance The located to when other (such as as to to the cooling of prolonged of the to with or boilers. sunlight. catches to the and that or or the This only, specifically the of food NOT once
INSTRUCTION BOOK EU C Household Appliances