A/E/24-1. INSTRUCTION BOOK REFRIGERATOR ERT
This instruction information and helpful hints and To this effectively and please this instruction or this and reference. The below to things easily: and information information information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS IMPOR These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the or these Service Force. to Check the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force. that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the installation instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! This only, specifically the of It or and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force. At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to trapped Warning The (R within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the to the instruction Instructions Instructions the Information of the Appliance the Appliance To the Appliance Thermostat and Food and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the Light Defrosting Appliance the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions C C ONTENT ONTENT Instructions the Technical Specifications the Appliance Transportation, Cleaning Location Chart
INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS OR THE USER OR THE USER INS information This the of food of the Defrost Plate Light/Thermostat To operation, the should located where the C. shelf
the Appliance the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat to the of usually thermostat the approximately hours the to reached food Thermostat The thermostat the the of the Thermostat from the higher the the the Below the recommended food types: Ready-cooked foods, foods, fresh products, foods Yoghurt, bottles, bottles,
The shelves increase the of the fresh food The shelves rearranged the to The shelves rearranged to Food To the from neither foods which should the the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each food uncovered. food from and clean, to cleaning and of cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY SUPPLY. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Clean the of the trough and that the clear If clear using of the to the the and to they and free from Cleaning Cleaning the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner.
Cleaning the outer with NOT products. There the of the should when cleaning. Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the Light Should the light to as below: the from the electricity supply. the screws, then the cover off the of the arrow and the of the V, W, thread) the the cover, and screws and the to the electricity supply. Defrosting Appliance The automatically, when the Defrost from the cooling of the and the where of the cooling plate defrosting and the plate the the from the electricity supply, of the food and the leaving the to
If the correctly, please the following Service Force. to the The the too high The the too frost and built The Water the If the correctly, Service Force. Please that to of purchase service the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk service the of Ireland Telephone: Something Something the There The Thermostat The located The thermostat too The thermostat too high. The Something the The dirty. The The and and customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. please the the heading Something Not the Service to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Check there the there the household lights. the the thermostat the within the operating of C to C. that the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to warmer the nothing the from closing. the and clean. the four should the the and
concerning or further information products, invited to Coustomer or as follows: Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason only of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. Cus Cus Conditions Conditions EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical Specifications Height (kWh/year) class, to EU Rated (W) the Transportation, The and the protected and of using white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or or the or the ERT food Fresh food Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat location where the to the which the The found the The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C
The to operation. shows the when A* or The clearance of the reduced to clearance of the freestanding The the the the front of the If the washer If the of the as follows: To the assembly as follows: Disconnect the from the electricity supply. the backwards, resting the top of the or something Unscrew the both the front the plate the screws. the from the of the the the the plate and the assembly to the location and the screws. the the upright
To the top assembly as follows: the screws from the back of the the the and clear of the the screws. the from the top of the Unscrew the from the plate and the of the the assembly and the assembly the location. the screws. the and the screws. To the as follows: screw covers fitted) and screws. the using the to the and screws (covers fitted), and the with the instruction the where the previously
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and A/E/24-1.
of meat airtight covered meat covered minced covered minced meat covered Cold grease- airtight covered covered Fresh airtight covered Fresh airtight Roasted covered Sour peas, Strawberry, raspberry, covered with covered Notation: recommended recommended or or and of of fresh foods the
The Group. The choice. The the world's of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE Printed