A/E/25-1. REFRIGERATOR INSTRUCTION BOOK ERT
This instruction information and helpful hints and To this effectively and please this instruction or this and reference. The below to things easily: and information information information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS IMPOR These the interests of that them or this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to Child allow children to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! Warning The (R contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the the the food of the This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to trapped The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the to the instruction Instructions Instructions the Information of the Appliance the Appliance To the Appliance Thermostat and of foods to the four-star food to and Normal Sounds Food Inthe of and Cleaning cleaning cleaning Defrosting the Light the Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions C C ONTENT ONTENT Instructions the Technical Specifications the Appliance Transportation, Cleaning Location of Compartment Chart Chart
INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS OR THE USER OR THE USER INS information This the of food It four-star food and food of the food Defrost Plate Ice light/Thermostat To operation, the should located where the C. shelf
the Appliance the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat to the of usually thermostat the hours the to reached food Thermostat The thermostat the the of the Thermostat from the higher the the colder the Position the recommended food types: food Ready-cooked foods products Yoghurt, bottles, bottles,
and of foods The charts the of the instruction information about the and the fresh food The as only. to the four-star food The food from the fresh food the food to this the of the thermostatic and the the C or lower), food allow fresh food to with foods that already to the with and the Turning the thermostat the process, to the thermostat back to its To release the the its length. or items to from the The shelves the to allow of items. The shelves the to The shelves To allow the to within the cover the shelves with or trays.
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear 'click' when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. food together too food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated the the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without its The following should Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish Should and Dishes should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Joints: Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh
of cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY SUPPLY. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and clean to they and from Cleaning the outer with Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity Defrosting The the The the located below the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the the which already the While the becomes progressively covered with frost. This frost, which acts as and the from reaching the food should whenever the thickness of the frost To defrosting as follows: food from the of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to To defrosting, of the (with of the as protection). of as as defrosting completed, and thoroughly. Cleaning Cleaning
Turn the thermostat to to the the least hour the previously food the defrosting to the foods from the and the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as the Light Should the light to as below: Disconnect the from the electricity supply. the cover screws, then the off the of the arrow and the of the V, W, thread) the the cover, and screws and the to the electricity supply. the the from the electricity supply, of the food and the leaving the to If the correctly, please the following Service Force to the The the too high The the too frost and built The If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service Something Something the There The blown. Thermostat The located The thermostat too The thermostat too high. The Something the The dirty. The should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. there the there the household lights. the the thermostat the within the operating of C to C. that the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat to the nothing the from the intact and clean. the four should the
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading "Something Not Working." the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service concerning or further information products, invited to Coustomer or telephone as follows: Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus tment Cus
that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason only of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which charged. EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. Conditions Conditions EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical Specifications capacity Height class, to EU rating of food Rated (W) the Transportation, The and the protected and of white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or or the or the ERT food food food food Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat only location where the to the which the The found the The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C
The to operation. shows the when A:* or The clearance of the reduced to clearance of the B: The the the the front of the If the washer If the of the as follows: To the assembly as follows: the from the electricity supply. the backwards, resting the top of the or something Unscrew the both the front the the screws. the from the of the the the the plate and the assembly to the location and using the screws. the the upright
To the top assembly as follows: the screws from the back of the the the and clear of the the plate screws. the from the top of the Unscrew the from the and the of the the assembly and the assembly the location. the plate screws. the and the screws. To the as follows: screw covers fitted) and screws. the using punch. the to the and screws (covers fitted), and the with the instruction the where the previously fitted.
of Compartment the to the of the food as Proceed as follows. Press the the the together with the then from the of the the and the the other the turned the the of the the of the the then the its together with the This Service Force which charge
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and
of meat airtight meat covered meat covered minced meat covered minced meat covered Cold grease- airtight covered covered airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour peas, beans Strawberry, raspberry, covered with covered Notation: recommended recommended or or and of of fresh foods the A/E/25-1.
peas, marrow, corn, months Ready-cooked foods: trimmings, with months Ready-cooked foods: months Soups: months cherry, months Meat: months Ice-cream, or or age of and products the fresh food the food +7C -18C
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE Printed