INSTRUCTION MANUAL o ERU UK
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the the supply authorised service or of the type. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibly, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition. thoroughly the which the situated. Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. when as to to the cooling with The located to or boilers. prolonged of the to sunlight. other (such as of This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once or the burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the they burst when the recommended should to.Refer to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the
Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself.Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to Instructions the Instructions of the Appliance the food The shelves The fresh food food Normal Sounds Health and Defrosting and Cleaning cleaning cleaning the light the Something Not Service and Customer Conditions Instructions the Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in Instructions Building the the plinth
of the Appliance shelves Thermostat the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. the The the thermostat with and OFF (O) Turn the thermostat to the intermediate usually the although the affected by: often the food of the the these factors to and necessary. the allow hours the to further prolonged of abnormally weather, the thermostat too high the cooling continuously and the cooling plate Turning the to the to If to to the thermostat to higher however should the to allow food To the performance, food or the cover or the food, it cover the shelves with protective such as or plastic, which the through them. To correctly, useful hints: meat or polythene and top of the
Meat this or the these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the The of the with that shelves as D040 The shelves thorough cleaning, the and the bottle them the of the arrows, then them The This fresh food, the of food and fresh food To fresh foods to the of the thermostat operation, the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to warmer top fresh and thoroughly cleaned allow fresh food to food which already the process, that the closed. food ready-frozen foods straightforward. The each other or top of each other. You to food the as as purchase and therefore that them that the intact. which or of the that the and that its Partially food within hours. the indicated. the too often and than necessary. the of the The food the affected the and the Should the food to thaw, and Food of the type of food and the of the Meat, and should the and of meat cooked while that thoroughly cooked through. should directly ready-cooked directly the their microwave thawing type of or food: follow the instructions, the of the
The with the to allow the to and the To the the to release the to that to the or which of the Their Health and of from foods. This together with the to once-a-week that and of food than The following should to that the food as as the food and as as showed that the of of to 22C hour the and It then hours to to 7C the the closed as as food together too try to allow to around each Cool cooked food as as NOT the cool. food cool that then the as as NOT and cooked meat, they to the other food. If the meat everything and thoroughly. food uncovered. The to food to the to thaw slowly. food from and the and Cleaning). allow to and that food the and and to that food its It that food its the the frost burns. items from the as this or "frost/freezer burns". Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round, and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and or chipped the to that and from with and them with clean food. and using the or knife, without them thoroughly The foods to fresh and of the The of each should enough to that it and and food, once food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within the indicated. food, bottles or of the as they with to the the or fresh food the to food which already as this the of the food to and its and to reduce.
Defrosting The the The the located below the where To overflowing and the food the the (F) the the (P) which already the S.I.011 The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with the whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the when the becomes thick the defrosting should as follows: the from the or the thermostat to the O food, layers of newspaper and cool the the top shelf of the the the as shown the when defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the the the thermostat back to the or the the or three hours, the previously food the of the food their life. PR151
and Cleaning Warning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorised technicians. cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER USE DETERGENTS, ABRASIVE POWDERS, HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING PRODUCTS OR WAX POLISHES, TO CLEAN THE INTERIOR AS THESE WILL DAMAGE THE SURFACE AND LEAVE STRONG SMELL. Clean the of the trough and that the obstructed, that the flow freely. products. cleaning The with to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the S.I.013 the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: Unscrew the light cover and then outward as shown the Unscrew the and with from Service Force the light cover its and the screw. the the from the electricity supply, foods and the leaving the to D411
Something Working? Service Force the following IMPORTANT: If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the to The light The the or section too high The frost and built Water the If the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the there the household lights. the that the correctly fitted. the the light switch the within the operating of to the thermostat turned to the to the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the that nothing the from closing. the intact and clean. to operating sounds. the and Cleaning).
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning:- telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products, please Customer or the below or Customer High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Service Ireland please the below: (Irl) of Ireland
Conditions that within months of the of purchase this or thereof to reason of workmanship or option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authoried service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Ireland
Technical specifications DIMENSIONS Height POWER SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND FREQUENCY TOTAL POWER ABSORBED AVERAGE DAILY UNITS ELECTRICITY TOTAL GROSS CAPACITY NET CAPACITY NET CAPACITY STAR RATING This based with EN153. the and where located. Warning IF YOU ARE DISCARDING AN OLD APPLIANCE THAT HAS LOCK OR CATCH ON THE DOOR, YOU MUST ENSURE THAT IT IS MADE UNUSABLE TO PREVENT YOUNG CHILDREN BEING TRAPPED INSIDE. the which choose to the which the To this, to instructions Positioning The should location where the to the indicated the rating which located the right of the The following shows which each SN +10C to +32C ST +18C to +38C The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or colder, then the correctly. building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
To the of the as shown the of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then of to the of should another of home. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE D207 If the of the wires the AMP BROWN BLUE CORD CLAMP of with the the terminals as follows: the and the (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and the to the the which with the N or coloured the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incorporates BS1362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the following E.E.C. Directive: EEC of Directive) and of Interference and EEC of Directive) and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown.
carrying the from the the (A) of the from the rear DO002/2 Right the right (B) of the from the To the the as follows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. DO001 Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the with the They to assembled the to the To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. Right DO013
the The of the to the electricity should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front to the or right. If necessary, the to the and of the To the them the rear If required, the of these reduced them where II52 N.B. The cover (B) to assembled the the recess. Screw and the with screws through the the or as necessary.
To mount the as shown the C C C UPPER PART OF KITCHEN FURNITURE PANEL LOWER PART OF KITCHEN FURNITURE PANEL
the covering the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the DO008
ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE