ERW23900X ERW23910X
to the of chosen first from which with of the tion to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS information Service/Repair Protection Cleaning the Switching off Acoustic with and light Defrosting Cleaning tions Lighting Something Technical Specifications Customer Service and Assembly of the EUROPEANGUARANTEE www.electrolux.com
SAFETYINFORMATION It that this struction should retained with the refe- Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the cations or this cleaning or to switch off and the pliance. This should when Ice frost burns straight from the pliance. when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There tion round the back of the and to the only built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious to Service and
This bons its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning when the included within the indicated the of this the following tions when the below the the the guaranteed; the- to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to The of the consists of through which the If these should this the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRU- MENTS to off frost or the should forced off the should allowed to thaw when the carbonated or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat siderably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply
the supply or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours connecting the to allow the to back the There this which heat that there as to this and food tions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should This which the its or insulation The to- gether with the refuse and the the rear the heat Information obtained from authori- ties.The this the Protection
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. Appliance On/Off C -Compartment selection or as these the finish. and light switching Top
Selected
the the the the On (A). Top The with Top the and 12C. This wines, and whites, to immediately. the and 18C. This and or white The of this and wines. the bottles such that the corks the the The to the from the light the located switching the light too often or too the the bottles with to the Follow the and the of chase or the technical the and of the
The the type of and of and At the of chase, the already or Recommended and wines, and 8C white wines, and 12C and light wines, and 16C wines, 6C bottles top of each other, they the cooling Select the the (C) the turning the (B or the to The that the these factors: often the The of bottles The of the Switching off Press the (A) than to switch the off. countdown of then the switched off, the (D) off. Acoustic with acoustic sounds when the about indicated by: the the lighting red; the sounding. To the acoustic the (E). The acoustic off when restored closed). Light On and light the to the light with the closed, to and the and the light ON If to switch off the light the off the and the switch (E). The light the the
The shelves Bottle the shelf and the The the bottle shelves The to of the bottles. The with to the bottles upright. The that to bottles of
The AIRLIGHT which matically activated function of the thermostat and MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. This the therefore and recharging authorised the Defrosting Defrosting the automatically. The frost located the back of the the where to the frost using the cleaner. Cleaning Clean the the and bottle with and cally the the cleaner. clean the and with or cleaner. This operation operation, with when the used, the following the and clean the and the the to the formation of to the
instructions reasons this with cally tested and the They only with of the type and the characteristics. from the or its authorised service. Lighting To the top the cover with screwdriver) to the At the free the and off the cover the of the arrows. To the the cover pressing the front with screw- and the the of the arrow.
SOMETHING NOT WORKING If to below, or to caused incorrect or charge the contacting Service Force the following to the there the The light that the correctly fitted. the the The the the relative to the within the operating please to the section this struction book.Relocate the necessary. The continously the the the to operating sounds. Water the the and If, the there Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom there the household lights. the the the light switch that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed.
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Capacity capacity kWh/year supply and High The technical infomation the rating plate the of the CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If the functioning perly, that: the the and the switch there electricity supply another pliance); If there the bot- of the that the Defrostingsec- tion). If properly the the If the with or assembly from the or the technical service. To service, that when apply the and of which found the or the plate located the the
to this should or WARNING: THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED. The should this If the that to off and the fitted. the from the off The off should then sed of to the of should another of home. The the with the following and Earth If the of the wires the of with the the terminals as follows: the and (earth) to the the which with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. the to the the which with the N or the to the the which with the L or coloured red. The moulded the incor- BSI362 ASTA or BSI should used. The the The indicated the coloured the of the obtained from Service Force This with the E.E.C. Directive of relative to interference
Thisappliancecomplieswiththe following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and tions; EEC of and Please that when the easily the the of breakdown. of the Height of housing of housing of housing It necessary that the with the following
Press the covers as indicated the with the screw the Appliance the covers the screws
Assembly of the
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
www.electrolux.com
www.electrolux.com