user FB551SA+ FB551SSA+ FB551BA+ FB551BSA+
information hints and to without information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the
It to the or this to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. the the and the they food products directly the outlet the food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to instructions. or the as If the cover If the If the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours connecting the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the icing of the should
or This serviced thorized Service and only used. Protection This which the its or insulation The function switch light Action Action Switching the the of the the the Switching off To switch off the the The regulated. To the as the the LED to the lights Selection from +2C to +8C. the First Cleaning the the the first the and with and together with the refuse and The insulation the to the regulations to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the the should chosen that the the the the of food the location of the If the than 16C the the LED to the lowest lights Action function You the Action function the Action the LED to the Action lights You the Action tion the Action the selected. as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the fin- ish.
shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as the the of the free, then as required. the bottles (with the facing front) the shelf. If the closed bottles. This bottle to previously bottles. To this the upwards and the higher
with The and There the that to the to There the bot- of the to the and from that the the cleaning To the the there with of the closed: the of the food the and the the and cooling The Cooling (DAC) food cool and the You the the function switch to The light Switch the when the 25C. fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh food the Action function least hours the food to the the shelf the to the seat, the fresh food to that shelf. The amount of food that hours specified the rating located the of the pliance. The hours: this other food to hours, when the completed, to the to regulation"). of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the defrosted food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking
hints and the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or wrap the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top quality, fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw only the the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food
and cleaning the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and clean to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the ance and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the the of the If to the overflowing and the food the which already the Defrosting of the The of this the other hand, frost" type. This that there of frost when operation, neither the internal the foods. The of frost to the of the of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of
What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too The too high. The too high. Water flows the rear of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The flow the the The correctly. The correctly. There sounds the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the rear the to the higher the crease to products the
The the too high. The the too high. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. There too frost. The correctly. to the The correctly. the the from the the screw from the cover. outwards the rear of the cover screwdriver and the cover the with of the (the shown the cover). the cover. the screw to the cover. the to the the that the light Technical of the The technical information the rating the internal of the and the the Information" and of the the There the Products too to each other. Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the that there the products that there higher
SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Location The should from of heat such as sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the below the the top of the and the least Ideally, however, the should below or the of the Warning! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with regulations, The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. Rear spacers the spacers which as shown the the screws and the the screw head, then the screws. reversibility The reversibility
The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com