FI2590FA
information First hints and to without information the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that people the thoroughly with its and features. these structions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and ty. the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to of of thinking www.electrolux.com and Cleaning What to Technical (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which ertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the
It to the or this age to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. the the and the they Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with the the If necessary, the If the If the cover If the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to heating. To follow the instructions to tion. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the installation of the to supply only. Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used.
Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and The insulation the Operation Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as the to the cold- ness. the higher to the coldness. First Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. shelves The of the with of that the shelves as to the to from authorities. the cooling the near the heat The this the the the should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the fin- ish.
Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves hints and the or it than absolutely necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the or the food, food that freely around hints: and Cleaning the carrying operation. To these as the shelf the of the free, then as required. Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the This its cooling and
charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and clean to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the ance and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this If the back of the the where It to the the of the to the overflowing and the food the provided, which already the of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds
The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The defective. to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the There the the the from the the screw from the cover. The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The flow the the The correctly. The correctly. the cover to the tration). the with of the (the shown the cover). the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the the outlet to the higher the crease to products the that there the
the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the Technical of the The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with
this If the earthed, the ance to earth with regulations, The the This with the E.E.C. rectives. reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the follow these the and the the the spacer. With the On the the the spacer. the Tighten the The the the that the freely. the following the the the the of the the cover the that the the and the front-edge the the of the arrows the the of the that the clearance the ance and the
the the The cover the that the the and the correct. the the cover the to the with screws. the the and the the from the cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the covers (E) to the
C Disconnect the and the the of the the the the and the of the together the and the and the the and of from the of the where the (K).
the the and with the screws supplied. the and the the The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, Press the the to that: screws tightened. The attached tightly to the If the the the of the The of the increases when the increases. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com