SANTO Integrated Instructions
please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the indicated with warning and/ or the (Warning!, Please the information This the operation of the Additional information operation and of the appear this and information concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "Something If to rectify the reading this chapter, please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Location The of the of the to Initial Initial Switching off the Defrosting The Shelves/Storage and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the light
Something Regulations, Technical Terminology Service Conditions
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
Instructions Child allow to with the or with the There of suffocation! from This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which compounds and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children trapped to country authorised off the the and right of the of with white and from the of the the protection from the the of the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The The integrated of the the recess. Integrated-appliances the- with the plinth. The to exhausted upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least to the function of the cover or the instructions supplied. the the correctly when sed. If the tightly, this to heavy frosting and higher
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the wing and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
of the of the and lighting with included with the and shelves included with plate to Initial Please the and to section: and
Initial The the right the It the ON/ OFF-switch. Position means: lighting off "1"means: Highest (warmest Recommended Turn the to the The light The and then automatically. to immediately switching the the reached. From food of C the should enough as The following of of the Quantity and of the food with which the and C to C about C about C to C to2
High and the to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the only when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the back to warmer to At this the and off as and defrosting Switching off the To switch off, turn the to The light If the to from service Turn the to The light the or isolate the supply. Clean thoroughly section: and Cleaning the to the of Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost collected the the of the through the the the base, and then evaporated. The cleaned the section and
Shelves/Storage the with shelves or racks. The the and this that and fresh The height of the shelves To this the swivelled upwards or and Please the to the shelf height. items: the the or to the rear. this to items the below. the the and repositioned
the with which and The every shelf To the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the shelf Please the to the height. The from the the or and the the the and the back the
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Clean the of the trough and that the clear If clear the the outlet to the the and to they and free from Cleaning the outer with Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. Replacing the light Warning! the from the supply. Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off the to the To the light the screw and the light cover as shown. the light the light cover and the screw.
Something Service Force the following to the The the too high. The continuously The light of frost. to Normal Sounds Symptom there the there the household lights. Check the the within the operating the thermostat turned to the relative to tions. the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or frequently that ted. the correctly fitted. the the light switch If the airtight the hinges) apply to the using to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its
The the Water Water the and If the there Service Force customers should that the as the charge the or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV 94/2/EC Directive EC Efficiency of Household and Combinations thereof Symptom This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning to Please type of telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the What the the The and of purchase. This information found the rating these to write them below. PNC Customer AEG or further information AEG please Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL 1DZ
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This such as light or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough Conditions
the housing
the (where necessary)
incorporating
The following only when the hinged the right. If the the please the following the as the cover to and apply to the of the
the and
screws and cover
the to the Smooth with and
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG