FI259/2TA++
CONTENTS information Operation hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or of of thinking www.electrolux.com and cleaning What to Technical to without to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected house- only. They household the the and the because they food products directly the outlet the rear food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. If the cover If the If the or the as the which to to the frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the clean the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, clean the If the the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only.
Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and used. Protection This which the OPERATION Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the to the "O" The regulated. To the as lows: the to the cold- ness. the higher to the coldness. FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE fresh food The fresh food and and food To fresh foods to the If its or tion The together with the and The insulation the ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the rear the heat The this the the the should that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the fin- ish. operation, turn the high- to the coldness. this the might below 0C. If this the to warmer
of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher the of to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as the the of the free, then as
HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than absolutely necessary. If the high and the to and the the causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that free- around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. the of food which shown the the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food This its cooling and
charging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to clean the as this age the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the the The through trough the back of the the tor where It to clean the frost the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already to the Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost reaches thickness of about To the frost, these Switch off the food, layers of newspaper and the defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Switch the the to the and the or three hours this the food the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting, their life.
of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshoot- that this The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The ates continually. The correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the plate of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water the ground. The the too If The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting process, frost the rear The clogged. Clean the The outlet flow the the The correctly. the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the rear the outlet to the higher
The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the The the too high. The the too high. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. the the from the the screw from the cover. the cover to the tration). the with of the and specifically household (the shown the cover). the cover. Tighten the screw to the cover. the to the the that the The correctly. There the Products too to each other. Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service the crease to products the that there the products that there higher
TECHNICAL DATA of the Height The technical information the rating plate the of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and operation of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. reversibility The of the to the right. If to the to the these the pliance: and the the the spacer. the the and the
On the the the Tighten the the spacer. the the The the the that the freely. these the the the the of the arrows the cover the that the the and the front- the the of the the the of the that the clearance the and the the the The cover the that the
the and the correct. the the the to the with screws. the the and the the from the cover (E). to the DX, the of right SX the covers (C, D) to the and the the (B). the hinge covers (E) to the C Disconnect the and
the the of the the the the and the of the together the and the and the the and of from the of the where the (K). the the and with the screws supplied. the and the the
Press the the To the these ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the trated or of the the as sory. to that: screws tightened. The attached tightly to the If the the the of the The of the increases when the increases. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop