IK224010
CONTENTS information First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that using the thoroughly with its operation and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone using through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or of of thinking and Cleaning What to Technical to without to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the of lighting. This heavy. should when touch items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected house- only. They household the the and the they Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with If the cover If the If the the If necessary, clean the If the the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and only used.
Protection This which the its or tion The together with the and The insulation the CONTROL PANEL light ON/OFF switch (warmest) Action Cool light Action Cool switch Switching the the Press the ON/OFF switch The Light light Switching off Press ON/OFF switch countdown from completed. The switches off. The light switches off. The +2C and +8C. pressing the the flashes the It to the with flashed To warmer warmest To The displays the selected seconds and then shows the The selected-temperature reached hours. ON/OFF ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the the the first the displayed to the this that the displayed than the functioning the shows the the the displayed and when: recently selected. the food the Action Cool function The performance obtained the Action Coolfunction. Its when of food. You the Action Cool function the Action Cool switch. The Action Cool light light The internal to +2C. about hours the Action Cool tion switches off automatically.
function This function allows to the and the without the formation of The when the function To the function, this FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE shelves The of the with of that the shelves as of the front half- shelves the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves continuously the (warmest) the "H" appears the tor. The function the +15C. The the To the function, this the the or as these the fin- ish. To these as the the of the free, then as required.
HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the the causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that free- around hints: CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: clean the and with and the and to they and from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This Meat types) and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the outer of this cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the tor where It to clean the frost the of the to
the overflowing and the food the which already to the WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshoot- that this The The properly The The The to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The ates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the If The switched off. Switch the The rectly. of the the following the from tricity supply food and the and the to If the to once while to the food from of There sounds the the four should the the to the correctly. ance to the higher
The too frequently. The too high. The too high. The immediately the Action Coolswitch, or the Water flows the of the Water flows the Products that flows the The the too low/high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the The the too high. the Disconnect the from the Press the rear and the the cover the of the arrow. the with of the and specifically household (the shown the light cover) the cover its the to the This curred. the defrosting process, frost the The clogged. Clean the Action Cool switched Switch off Action Cool manually, or to the the function cally. to "Action Cool tion". The correctly. There the the that the the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the The of This correct. that products the higher/lower the crease to products the that there the
TECHNICAL DATA of the Height The technical information the rating the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C the with shelf that to the shelves Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to "In- If necessary, the the Service To them as follows: the the of the arrow (A). the shelf from the and freed (B). the (C).
that the and shown the rating to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the earthed, the ance to earth with ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. The the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop