A/E/27-2. INSTRUCTION BOOK REFRIGERATOR ERD GB
This instruction information and helpful hints and To this effectively and please this instruction or and reference. The below to things easily: and information information information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
IMPOR ANT ANT AFET AFET INS INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS IMPOR These the interests of that them or this of If about of the or these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the from Service Force that the or overheat and fire. the of heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the it service or service If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to Child allow to with the or with the from to the of suffocation! Warning The (R within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those the the the food of the This only, specifically the of It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the food should once carbonated or the 'frost/freezer burns' straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. and the they burst when the Manufacturers' recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force At the of the Appliance of authorised the and that or catches to children The Appliance and the This which the the cooling The this with the this instruction reference and to owner.
Instructions the Instructions Information of the Appliance the Appliance To the Appliance The Fresh Food Food To Cubes and Normal Sounds Food the of and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the Appliance Not Defrosting to the Something Not Working Service and Customer Conditions C C ONTENT ONTENT Instructions the Technical the Appliance Transportation, Unpacking Cleaning Location the Appliance Chart
INS TR TR UCTIONS UCTIONS OR THE USER OR THE USER INS information This the of and food of the Top the Thermostat shelves Defrost To operation, the should located where the C. shelf Defrost outlet
the Appliance This only, specifically the of The to (surrounding C and C. If these or warmer, the correctly. Should the the the section C and food and the with and of to of or as the thoroughly. highly cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to installation. the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat to the of operation thermostat the approximately hours the to reached food The The thermostat the the of the The thermostat from the higher the the the The affected by: often the food of the
the these factors to and necessary. allow to with the or with the The the recommended food types: Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, products. Ready-cooked foods, fresh The shelves the to allow the of items. To the shelves, the to The chart the of the instruction information the The as only. cover the shelves with or as this the within the foods the allow to reach the foods, or closed them the this of food
The fresh food The of food months, otherwise stated the and fresh food. to fresh foods to the of the thermostat with to the operation, the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to warmer To the of the process, hints: the food to the shelf. The of food which shown the rating top fresh and thoroughly cleaned, food products. the fresh food to to and completely and to it to thaw the the the food or polythene and that the airtight. It to the food the to to of the allow fresh, food to food which already of the Food first the or the of to least hours food. the indicated the the or than necessary. the Ice immediately from the burn. the of the food the affected the and the the Should the food to thaw and and Tips) items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. or food, to used, the or the food items cooked from this cooking food which to thaw should eaten as as or thrown Alternatively, the food uncooked and completely defrosted cooked and then Defrosted cooked food To Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to that to the using or
Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear 'click' when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. food together too to allow to around each food uncovered. that food the and and to that food its food and than food, reduces the the food polythene or or that they to the food and airtight which or of the that the and that its quality. Partially food within hours. the indicated the the to of heat, such as or the cool and that the of the obstructed. frosting the airtight them the Food which to (when cool) should the to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. the of If there the of foods, the closed. If the within should the food without its The following should Once should If should cooked and Breads Can without Shellfish Should and quickly. Dishes should and of Meat: Can there crystals within them. Should cooked and then as cooked dishes. Should cooked and as fresh
or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. NEVER cleaning products or to the as these the and Cleaning the outer with Once or the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the Appliance the from the electricity supply, foods and clean the leaving the to Defrosting The every the The the located the back of the the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the of this and Cleaning and Cleaning
The become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost reaches this operation to switch of the supply or to the when the becomes thick the defrosting should and to this operation when the empty. defrosting (once or as follows: the from the food from the sheets of newspaper and cool, that the to the food the while defrosting the defrosting the thoroughly. the to the the thermostat to the the to least hours. the previously food. the thermostat to of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as this the to the Should the light to as below: Break the of the Unscrew the screw holding the cover the and the the the indicated arrow the replaced. type: V, W, thread) the the cover, screw back the screw and apply to the
If the correctly, please the following contacting Service Force Symptom to the The the or too high The continuously The the or too frost and built The If the correctly, Service Force Please that to of purchase service Something Something the There The Thermostat The located The thermostat too The thermostat the The of food the The too frequently. The obstructed. The thermostat too cold. The Something the The dirty. The there the there the household lights. the the thermostat the within the operating of C to C. that the thermostat turned to the relative to the thermostat the the than necessary. that the obstructed. the thermostat to warmer the Check nothing the from closing. the and clean. Check the the should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown.
the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: routed the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk service the of Ireland Telephone: concerning or further information products, please Customer or telephone the below or www.electrolux.co.uk Customer Services Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded and and Cus tment Cus please the the heading Something Not Working?. the Service to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase
that within months of the of the purchase this ELECTROLUX or thereof to reason only of workmanship or the option or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and only the supply stated the rating The only, and with the instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. and to these hours which EXCLUSIONS This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which the of Products of which The to and rights. Conditions Conditions EUROPEAN GUARANTEE If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Ireland
Technical Height (kWh/year) class, to EU Rated (W) of the Transportation, The and the protected and of white the switched hours. This to allow the to Cleaning Clean the and the of the with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or or the or the ZRD Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore: to or other of heat location where the to the which the The found the rating The following shows which each SN to C to C ST to C
the Appliance the that This or both of the the front of the If the washers that of the the to of heat such as or The of spacers to the back of the the spacers the to that the arrow (A) as shown Then them through (arrow (A) they The to operation. shows the when
from the electricity supply. including food, food cool Gently the its back with the top from the inches) of the Unscrew the the from (H) and the the from (G), the and then screw the the the which should then the the and the the Screw the the the screws the the Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the the The the The horizontally, with the of the screws. of the operation, that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and modifications, EEC of Directive) and A/E/27-2.
of meat airtight meat covered Roasted meat covered minced meat covered minced covered Cold grease- airtight covered covered Fresh airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour peas, beans (Strawberry, raspberry, covered with covered Notation: recommended recommended or or age and of of fresh foods the
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the ELECTROLUX HOME PRODUCTS OPERATIONS EUROPE Printed