SANTO Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location of the Appliance of the Appliance to Initial Starting and COOLMATIC Switching the Appliance Shelves/Glass Correct Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the Light Regulations, Technical Terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or burned without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions to. Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The integrated of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The warmed to exhausted upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least Warning To the correctly, cover or the instructions supplied. Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the fused to the rating to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the The or If please Service Force
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the Appliance of the Appliance with included with Bottle and shelves
light ON/OFF switch buttons warmer buttons colder COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously numbers. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. of the Appliance
operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the currently flashes (DESIRED to Initial Please clean the and to section Cleaning and Starting and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) buttons section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. +2C to +8C. From food of C should ciently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching The of information.
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOLMATIC tion of hours. The originally selected DESIRED and the to. The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light If the COOLMATIC function switched the Switching the Appliance To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the off the or switch off or the electricity ply. Clean thoroughly section Cleaning and the to the of The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
the the the +15C. the therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the stand-by the closed to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLD- ER) The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of 1C reaches +8C. +8C the +15C appear the with the H. The operating seconds the to the ACTUAL The from flashing to To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the The about +15C when the stand-by This too food
Accessories Shelves/Glass or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf swivelled upwards or and Please the to the with half-size shelves. items: the front of the age shelf another to the rear. this to items the below. The pulled and and other as
On there front of the the and The the with right closed. With the the the and the closed, the of the food the and the with which and The To the shelf with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the shelf height. The from shelf the the or and the the the and the age back the
with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways. Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top age shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with
Defrosting The Defrosts The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of
cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the ance. everything switch the back the near or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover the Allow foods to cool first. the as as necessary. colder than necessary. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction only that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
What to Appliance Appliance cools too The food too shows lighting Light of frost, possibly the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat There function tight (possibly the Switch the necessary. malfunctions to corrected Press (WARMER) Please the Starting and section. the as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please inform Service Force the of the Please the the light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed hand such that correctly.
The immediately the COOLMATIC function switched Water the or shelves. the Light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and the of the ance. the light the light and the screw. Switch the back Symptom This occurred. Water What to The of Switch off COOLMATIC manually, or to the the function matically to COOLMATIC section). the Cleaning and section.
The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear Bubbling/Splashing flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without