SANTO Built-In Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They infor- mation and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location of the Appliance of the buttons to Initial Starting and COOLMATIC Malfunctions Switching off the shelves/glass shelves Correct Defrosting The Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or the and/or cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the You of white and from the of the
The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the The integrated of the the installation recess. therefore with the plinth. The warmed to upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least of SN to C to C ST to C to C
Warning to the function of the cover or the instructions supplied. Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Yellow: Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of of the Appliance of the with with of the Appliance shelves plate
of the Appliance light ON/OFF switch warmer buttons COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC buttons These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously numbers. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the currently flashes (DESIRED to Initial Please clean the and to section Cleaning and and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. +2C to +8C. From food of C should ciently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching The of information.
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOL- MATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light If the COOLMATIC function switched the Malfunctions If the the that the ACTUAL measured, the flash. The to function using Service Force repaired the Switching off the To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. If the to Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the off the or switch off or the electricity ply. The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
Clean thoroughly section Cleaning and the to the of the the the +15C. the therefore to the of the closed of closing of the or closing of the who to Without the stand-by the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLD- ER) The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of 1C reaches +8C. +8C the +15C appear the with the H. The operating seconds the to the ACTUAL The from flashing to To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the The about +15C when the stand-by This too food
Accessories shelves/glass shelves or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf swivelled upwards or and Please the to the shelf with half-size shelves. items: the front of the age another to the rear. this to items the below. The pulled and and other as
Humidity On there front of the shelf the and The the with right closed. With the the the and the closed, the of the food the and the with which and sideways. The every To the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the The from the the or and the the the shelf and the age back the
Correct included with with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways. Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top age shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with
Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of
cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the ance. everything ance back service. the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused only that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
Appliance Appliance cools too The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the This occurred. What to Switch the necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the Starting and tion section. the as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please the the light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. The of
What to COOLMATIC function switched Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light extinguishes. the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and towards the of the ance. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. Symptom Water Switch off COOLMATIC manually, or to the the function matically to COOLMATIC section). the Cleaning and section.
The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without