SANTO Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They informa- tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information. of Appliances Location. Building-in. supply of the of the to Initial and Switching off the shelves Correct Defrosting The Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the meaning of these the Customer The the home. It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the the supply from the or Service Force The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become aged. If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and with the Operation with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore exposed to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions to. Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The integrated of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The to upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least Warning To the correctly, cover or the Building-in Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to of the of housing of housing of housing It necessary that the least
The locked of both According to the the top and the Press the covers the and the the the housing (A) touches the the and the the of to that of hinges. the with screws the included with the ance. (C) and (D) D765 C
Apply covers (B) as indicated. A, B, C, as shown the (A) the of the and tions as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover (C) (A) C C
the and the the (B) (A). together the and the and the as indicated the the and with from the of the the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, to the of the properly. cover (D) (B) it PR167/1
supply correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of the from the fused to the rating to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the The or If please Customer to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of of the of the shelves shelves Thermostat
to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and Starting and the when builtin! the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right hand of the Turn the clockwise The and operates automatically. Hightest warmest From food of C should sufficiently food the At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. AEG62
Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Accessories shelves shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the shelf height. with shelves. items: the front of the age another to the rear. this to items the below.
The pulled and and other as Correct physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top age shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods The of the type of food instructions. Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or from the tricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the the of the chamber Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. To of the once the the and the with cleaner.
the near boilers, or other of heat. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to first. the than necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Symptom Appliance switched or or Switch the malfunctions to corrected
The tinuously. lighting Light The food too of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water What to Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the the Light section. Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please the location section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard AEG65
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without