Instruction JRZ
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the Starting the function shelves Positioning the shelves 0C 0C the 0C fresh food cleaning 0C of light Defrosting Customer service and Location Positioning Building-in www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should hhouse and the that the wwith the that the wwith tthe functioning of the the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from bbecoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious
malfunctioning. to Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply the supply it
or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours the to allow the to flow back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This wwhich the its or insulation The together with the refuse the cooling the rear nnear the heat Information obtained from authorities. TThe this the
USE Cleaning the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. light ON/OFF switch buttons warmer Starting the The buttons located the top of the the the the Press ON/OFF (2).The The lighting The or as these the finish. light (yellow) cooling and then automatically. To switch off the the ON/OFF the off. Press the or The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the
The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL means: The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously numbers. The of information. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the currently flashes (DESIRED function The function cooling of of the and party. The function switched the The light The function cooling. DESIRED of +3C selected. The function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED and the to. The shows the ACTUAL The function manually the The yellow light
The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves heights. To these as follows: the the of the free, then as required. 0C the 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, necessary. The of about 0C and the of and the of food. You therefore of food the 0C where to with to This allows to fresh food. of freshness, and and of and Food higher of The 0C defrosting food. this the food to the 0C The to the from when To the cleaning them as as the and
Humidity Both to the of each other with or higher humidity. each and the the front of the Dry: to relative humidity. This reached when both this and the high to This reached when both this and the closed. and 0C The shelves the that freely and of foods. of foods to the 0C to the
to the of the food, the Quality and influence the and covered or such that they and that their and unchanged. food and Food This seafood which While food 0C that of food increased to three as without food 0C should of the roughly and to without cooking process. Allowing and to to the and The of the the of the food, and and the of The 0C thawing of food. this the food the 0C to to the 0C which to or
the 0C fresh food type of food Onion to months to month to to to cooked products to seafood to to mounth sprouts, chicory, Chinese to radishes, Peas, to onions, to Pears, (fresh), to mounth peaches to to cold), to Apricots, to Damsons, (fresh) to The the the the containing and other of products the 0C or The of food should the of to to to to
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of and thoroughly. Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the and electricity 0C The lowest shelf, the cooler from the 0C cleaning. To the shelf straight. The plates the the 0C cleaning. To functionality of the 0C the cover back their cleaning. of the the following the from the food; and the and the to allow to to light If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the with of the (the shown the light
Defrosting Defrosting the The through trough the back of the the where CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity another If there the of the that the Defrosting section). If properly the the service To service, that when apply the and of which found the or the rating located the the
INSTALLATION Location when as to to the cooling with operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. that there as to this and food instructions. the supply or assembly from the or its service Positioning Unpack the and that and free of the from sunlight and heat prolonged of the to sunlight. reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with of the following The found the rating which located the the The following shows which each SN to +32C ST of to +32C to +38C to +43C
that the and shown the plate to supply. of the rated with used. The earthed. The with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of relative to interference EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and modifications. ATTENTION! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. Building-in supplied. Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these to another of the countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the home, The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
www.electrolux.com