GEBRAUCHSANWEISUNG OPERATING INSTRUCTION JRU
Informationen Brand
>PE< >PS< >PP< hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling Rathaus, Thermostatknopf O (STOP) Thermostatknopfes O.
D338 Nhe hoher Tr hoher Thermostatknopf folglich Warme
Thermostatknopf Thermostatknopfes Thermostatknopf Thermostatknopf Thermostatknopfes hat Fachpersonal (F) (P). S.I.011
Thermostatknopf O offen PR151 Tr offen S.I.013 D411
(PNC) (S-No.) Tr warmer Tr
Tr
Nhe SN +32C ST +32C +38C +43C
EWG EWG EWG EWG Tr (A) Tr (B) DO002/2 DO001
DO013 (D) (B)
C C
(A)
A=820 B=890 Resthhe Tr
Notes which or the functioning of the Supplementary information operation and of the and concerning and sound of the Instructions This information the interests of Please or the Please the instruction reference. If please the the owner. The and to specifically the of only. the should the of please This The and of the when the and to this should or that the or the back of the that the trapped the touches the the its lead, when the of its If the the to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the or bottles the The bottles Ice burns straight from the It to and the or this should to the yourself. to Service and Printed with sound Instructions the of the instructions Child This to operated only. allow the to with the or with the products. There of suffocation! from Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling Information obtained from authorities. the and that or catches to children Appliance Information The with the >PE< >PS< CFC-free) >POM< sound! Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office.
At the of the Appliance of authorised The the or its that this treated as household it to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused Instructions and the Defrosting Cleaning the light Something Customer Service and Technical Specifications Positioning Building-in the the plinth and hours the to allow the to flow back the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. or as these the finish. of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the the and that or catches to Starting the the the and the thermostat clockwise O (OFF). Turn the thermostat to the
The thermostat the the of the It allows to the the to and hightest warmest lowest the shelves The shelves cleaning. To of food of the shelves To the internal or and Please the to the shelf height. D338 of the front half-shelves the ones. The the and the bottle should to shelves This with which and to where the placed. the section correctly the to the or the too as the and the to switch If the high, the thermostat the (higher numbers) and the loaded, the continuously, causing frost or to the If this the to warmer numbers) to allow defrosting and electricity foods the Allow foods to cool first. food the to The the food then to the food or the and cover or the food, To correctly, hints: meat poultry): polythene and top of the this the the Meat this or the food, these should covered and of the shelves. these should thoroughly cleaned and the these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should top and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the
To fresh foods to the of the thermostat operation, the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to warmer At the first or of the products the the least hours the then turn the thermostat to the operating Accessories This with or the of ice-cubes. these with then them the to the from the the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorised technicians. of fresh food and of food food to to and completely and to to thaw the required. the food or polythene and that the airtight. allow fresh, food to food which already of the food with to the food and It to the freezing-in each to to of the that from the to the the shortest the as they Once defrosted, food and Defrosting Defrosting the The through trough the back of the the where It to the (F) the to the overflowing and the food the (P), which already the S.I.011
the frost with the thickness of the frost defrosting should Prooceed as follows: food, of newspaper and the from the or the thermostat to the O the the top of the the the as shown the PR151 defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Turn the thermostat back to the or the the the food the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the Cleaning cleaning as NEVER highly cleaning products or to the as these the and strong Clean the with and of and thoroughly. The with clean to and of the of the performance of the and electricity The of the cleaning of the to the cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the the the from the electricity supply. Empty foods and the leaving the to the light Should the light to first switch off the and from the electricity supply, then the as follows: the light cover screws. the it as shown the the other with another with the charcteristics. S.I.013 D411
Something to which easily the Service. Please follow these instructions: SYMPTOM SOLUTION It too the It too the The continuously. There the Water the Customer service and If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and the Selective of and this reason the following information: Technical Height The technical indicated the rating plate the right the the of the or products The properly Please the section. Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. The where the warmer Turn the thermostat to The where the that the and that the The the introduction of of food and/or opening/closing of the defrosting frost thaws the cooling the hose the back of the the this clicking sounds when the connected or disconnected. The injected cooling sound while through the The and/or The insulation to increase allows insulation and (PNC) (S-No.) This information found the rating plate the the hand that this information that
If there when food the the of the The food affected the of to hours) and the otherwise, recommended that the food should within increase of the food shortens its Warning! If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with
when as to to the cooling with operation, the and the back of the heat that there as to this and food instructions. the supply authorized service or of the type. Positioning Unpack the and that and free of the from sunlight and heat prolonged of the to sunlight. The found the rating which located the the right The following shows which each SN to +32C ST the included within the indicated the of this the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as of to +32C to +38C to +43C
that the and shown the plate to supply. of the rated operation with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed. the to earth with technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and Attention! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily Building the of the The of the recessed with those indicated the the (A) of the from the Right the right (B) of the from the To the the as follows: Apply the to the of the to the they click. DO013 DO002/2 DO001
(D) with the They to assembled the to the Right To these the screws the top and right front corners of the the as shown the and the screws. the The of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. To the height as follows: or the front The turning the screw the front plate to the or right. The cover (B) to assembled the the recess.
Screw and the with screws (I) through the the or as necessary. To mount the as shown the C C of
the covering (A).
the plinth the of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=890 and plinth height plinth than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the