Instruction JCZ
etwas
Informationen hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
INHALT fresh 0C fresh 0C ALARM AUS fresh 0C
WARNUNGEN UND WICHTIGE HINWEISE NUR FR GEFRIERSCHRNKE
Fachpersonal +18C +43C T); +18C +38C ST); +16C +32C N); +10C +32C SN);
GEBRAUCH A. B. EIN/AUS C. C +8C (C E) D. E. F. G. C 1C (C) (E)
(G) (F) +2C EIN/AUS (B) (A) +5C (D)
fresh 0C fresh 0C 0C, 0C fresh 0C fresh 0C longfresh 0C relative relative
fresh 0C 0C TIPPS 0C C- fresh 0C fresh 0C fresh 0C
LEBENSMITTEL BEI LAGERUNG LAGERDAUER Monate Wild, Chicoree, Wirsing fresh 0C
H. I. EIN/AUS J. K. L. -15C -24C (J L) C 1C (J) (L) M. N. O. P. AUS 5C
(N) ALARM AUS (H) Warnton Warnton ALARM AUS Warnton (s.Typschild) (M) (N) EIN/AUS (I) (H) -18C (K) (O) Warnton Warnton ALARM (P)
hat
TIPPS
offen WARTUNG Fachpersonal fresh 0C 0C-
hintere hat, offen
STORUNGEN Ist Thermostatknopf
INSTALLATION EWG EWG EWG EWG ACHTUNG!
GARANTIE/KUNDENDIENST hat hat Union D-90429 EUR
EUROPISCHE GARANTIE Privathaushalt
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the this to this and using and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Information Cleaning the of the food shelves Positioning the shelves fresh 0C fresh 0C the fresh 0C fresh food of the fresh food of food Cold of food cleaning of light Defrosting Customer service and Location of housing www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or using the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the only built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians.
The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or using the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply the supply or assembly from the or its service If the that the the flows the It to least hours
connecting the to allow the to back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This wwhich the its or insulation The together with the refuse the cooling the rear nnear the heat Information from authorities. TThe this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. of the On/OFF light ON/OFF C (warmest) Light ON/OFF ON/OFF ON: Press the (B). The light (A) switches OFF: the (B) the light (A) and the switches off. or these the finish. cooling light cooling
C E. The +2C and +8C. the (C or E), the flashes the It to the with flashing To warmer (C). To colder (E). The displays the selected seconds and then shows the The selected reached hours. Attention! the and when first the the displayed to the this that the displayed than the D. functioning the shows the the Attention! the and the when: recently selected the food the cooling light cooling The performance obtained the function. Its recommended when of food. Press the (G).The light (F) switches The internal to +2C. about hours the function switches off automatically. the the Press the ON/OFF (B). The switched The to +5C. This reached hours. as the switched the (D) shows the the Fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round
shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as follows: the shelf the of the arrows free, then as required. fresh 0C the fresh 0C the automatically. It constantly about 0C, necessary. The of about 0C and the relative of and the of food. You therefore of fresh food the fresh 0C where to with to This allows to fresh of freshness, and and of and Food higher of The fresh 0C defrosting food. this the food to the fresh 0C The to the from when To the cleaning them as as the and
Both to the of each other with or higher humidity. each and the the front of the Dry: to relative humidity. This reached when both this and the high relative to This reached when both this and the closed. Humidity and fresh 0C The shelves the that freely and of foods. of foods to the 0C to the
to the of the food, the Quality and influence the and covered or such that they and that their and unchanged. food and Food This seafood which meat. While food 0C that of food increased to three as without food 0C should of the roughly and to without cooking Allowing and to to the and The of the the of the food, and and the of The fresh 0C thawing of food. this the food the fresh 0C to Not to the fresh 0C which to or
the fresh 0C fresh food AIR HUMIDITY TYPE OF FOOD ADJUSTMENT Onion to months to month to to to cooked meat products to seafood to to mounth sprouts, celery chicory, Chinese to radishes, Peas, to onions, to Pears, (fresh), to mounth peaches to to cold), to Apricots, to Damsons, (fresh) to The the the shorter the containing and other of products the fresh 0C or The of food should the of STORAGE TIME to to to to
of the On/OFF light Appliance ON/OFF (warmest) Light ON/OFF I. ON/OFF ON: Press the (I). The light (H) switches OFF: the (I) the light (H) and the switches off. L. buttons The -15C and -24C. the (J or L), the flashes the It to the only with flashing To warmer (J). To colder (L). frost light frost light The displays the selected seconds and then shows the Attention! the and when first the the to the this that the displayed than the
functioning the shows the warmest the Differences to 5C the Attention! the displayed and the when: recently selected the food the frost light frost To fresh foods, the frost function activated. Press the frost (N).The light (M) switches The function deactivated the (N), otherwise switches off. With deactivated function the light (M) switches off. light the of the the light (O) to and sound. the to the warning light (O) to flash, although the the (P) pressed, the warmest reached the flashes the (K). If the off food should as as or cooked and then the the Press the ON/OFF (I). The switched The to 18C. this reached hours. as the switched the (K) shows the the the light (O) flashes and sounds. Press the (P). The and the light (O) to the reached. fresh food To fresh food, the (N). the food to the The of food which shown the rating
Warning! the function to used: about about of food first or of the products the the least hours the frost then the Super-frost If there when food the the of the The food aaffected the of sshort to hours) and the otherwise, that the food sshould within increase of the food shortens its Introducing of fresh food (about Introducing the of food rating Introducing food Introducing of fresh food Cold The which increas the of or breakdown. They located the Thawing or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking This with or the of these with then them the to the from the
HINTS hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this food to to and completely and to to thaw the the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the ices, immediately from the possibly frost burns; to the each to to of the the as they of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than absolutely necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of and thoroughly. Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This operation the performance of the and electricity fresh 0C The lowest shelf, the cooler from the fresh 0C cleaning. To the shelf straight. The cover plates the the 0C cleaning. To functionality of the fresh 0C the cover back their cleaning. of the the following the from the food; and clean the and the to allow to to light If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the with of the (the shown the light
Defrosting Defrosting the The through trough the back of the the where It the the the to the from overflowing the food the wwhich already the The however, become covered with frost. This should with the provided, whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the should and to this operation when the empty. To defrosting of the as follows: Press ON/OFF (I) the the the seating the to the when defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the the Press ON/OFF (I). the least hour, the previously food the to off frost from the as maechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food defrosting, their life.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS If the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity supply another If there the of the that the Defrosting section). If properly the the service To service, that when apply the and of which found the or the rating plate located the the
INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that the and shown the plate to supply. of the rated with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with regulations, technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of relative to interference EEC of Directive) and EEC of Directive) and ATTENTION! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. of housing reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with the following
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
www.electrolux.com