Instruction JCN
etwas etwas
Informationen hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
INHALT ww.electrolux.com
WARNUNGEN UND WICHTIGE HINWEISE physische, NUR FR GEFRIERSCHRNKE
Fachpersonal +18C +43C T); +18C +38C ST); +16C +32C N); +10C +32C SN);
GEBRAUCH Thermostatknopf O (STOP) Thermostatknopfes O. Thermo- hoher Thermostatknopf folglich
Thermostatknopf 0C Thermostatknopfes hat
TIPS
offen WARTUNG Fachpersonal Stromersparnis.
hat,
Thermostatknopf O offen Thermostatknopf STORUNGEN Ist Thermostatknopf
INSTALLATION EWG ACHTUNG!
Rand (I (P (E), DX SX
(C-D) (B) (E) C
Rand (K) (D) (E)
GARANTIE/KUNDENDIENST hat hat Union D-90429 EUR
EUROPISCHE GARANTIE Privathaushalt
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
to the of chosen first from which with of the to offer of products that would You the cover this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
CONTENTS Imformation Cleaning the Fresh food fresh food of food shelves Positioning the shelves of food cleaning of light Defrosting Customer service and Location reversibility Instructions built-in www.electrolux.com
SAFETY INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their It to the specifications or this cleaning or to switch off and the This heavy. should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the built-in location the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service and
This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +18C and +43C T); +18C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once it Manufacturers should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as Installation operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the supply the or assembly from the or its service If the
it that the the flows the It to least hours connecting the to allow the to back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This wwhich the its or insulation The together with the refuse the cooling the nnear the heat Information obtained from authorities. TThe this the
USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the finish. the the the and the thermostat clockwise, the O (STOP) The to To operation, the thermostat to O The and increased to higher rotating the thermostat or reduced rotating the higher the should chosen that the the often the the of food location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round fresh food The of food and fresh food. To fresh foods to the thermostat from the operation, turn the thermostat to the that, this the might below 0C. If this thermostat to the food to the the as this the
of food first or of the products the the least hours the then the thermostat to the operating If there when food the the of the TThe food affected the of hhours) and the otherwise, recommended that the food should wwithin increase of the food shortens Thawing or food, to used, the or the this operation. cooked directly from the this cooking Cold The or which increases the of or breakdown. These located the This with or the of these with then them the to the from the shelves The of the with of that the shelves as Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as follows: the the of the free, then as required.
HINTS hints: Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the ices, immediately from the possibly frost burns; it to the each to to of the the as they of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food
MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of and thoroughly. Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of the the following the from the food; and the and the to allow to to light The light the reached as shown the If the light when the that screwed properly. If it light the The rating shown the light cover.
Defrosting from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where It the the the to the from overflowing the food the provided, wwhich already the The however, become progressively covered with frost. This should with whenever the thickness of the frost this to switch off the supply or to the when the becomes thick the should and to this operation when the empty. To defrosting of the as follows: the from the or the thermostat to the O food, layers of newspaper and cool the the the seating the to the when completed, the thoroughly and the the the thermostat back to the or the the the least the food the
to off frost from the as maechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. CUSTOSERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity another the thermostat the If there the of the that the Defrosting section). If properly the the service To service, that when apply the and of which found the or the rating located the the INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, that the and shown the to supply. of the rated operation with used. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with consulting technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of to interference EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and modifications. ATTENTION! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation.
The which the from the right (factory to the the The with the right To the of the as the following instructions Unscrew the and the the and the Unscrew the and the covers the the Unscrew the and the the the the covers the the and rescrew the and the the Instructions built-in Building-in instructions of housing Height reasons, as shown
Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with the following Apply the as shown that of the the and the of the The the to the of the and the that the the the with screws the included with the (P
From the (E), which to cover the with the the as indicated the This easer there the internal of the cover that the of this the with DX, the the right SX pply covers (C-D) and (B) and covers (E) C as shown the
the of the and as shown the and the of the with the screws supplied. cover the and the the together the and the and the as indicated the the and of from the outer of the where the (K).
the the and with the screws supplied. Should the of the necessary, the clearance of At the of operations, it to the of the properly. cover If the to the of the the screws the fixing (D), the as shown the and the screws. cover (E).
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
www.electrolux.com