user JRG
CONTENTS information First hints and SAFETY INFORMATION the of and to the and first the this including its hints and To and to that the thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the ance their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the nection (as to the as and the to to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or of of thinking www.electrolux.com and Cleaning What to Technical to without to that the This from becoming death child. clear of obstruction. The and/or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing process. other (such as of they this the the The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the If the should become and of tion thoroughly the which the It to the or this
to the fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service lengthened. that the or the back of the or aged overheat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the ance to sunlight. this selected house- only. They household the the and the because they food products directly the outlet the rear food once food ance with the food instructions. Appliance's should strictly to. to instructions. If the cover If the If the or the as the which it to to the Ice frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the ance and the from the the with to frost from the the the defrosted If necessary, the If the the of the ance. follow the instructions Unpack the and there the immediately to the bought that It to least four hours the to allow the to flow back the should around the this leads to overheating. To tilation follow the instructions to installation. Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only.
Service to the icing of the should or This serviced thorized Service and only used. Protection This which the CONTROL PANEL light ON/OFF switch Switching the the the Press ON/OFF switch The Light light Switching off the ON/OFF switch than seconds. countdown the tor, from shown. appears the turned off. The switches off. The light switches off. The the buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL minated) to the of the DESIRED flash- If its or tion The together with the and The insulation the ance to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the of the buttons. of the the DESIRED 1C. The DESIRED reached within hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the tor of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The shows the the The AC- TUAL indicated with ted numbers. The shows formation: operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED
the about hours the To the as the the The mediately the (DE- SIRED and the flashes. the the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within hours. Once the the the ACTUAL the The from flashing to of the food the follow- should C the the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching function The function cooling of of the FIRST USE Cleaning the the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. DAILY USE food food or the To the performance: To the function, these Press the The switches The function cooling. DESIRED of +3C selected. The function matically of hours. You the function Press the The switches off. function This function allows to the and the without the formation of The when the function To the function, this continuously the (warmest) the "H" appears the tor. The function the +15C. The the To the function, this the the or as these the fin- ish.
cover or the food, food that free- round shelves The of the with of that the shelves as of the front half- the ones. Positioning the shelves To of food of the shelves To these as the the of the arrows free, then as required. The bottle of the shelves to bottles or To this the back of the shelf, and the and the shelf. The incorporates with of which to the the the closed: the of the food the and the the and
HELPFUL HINTS AND TIPS the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the the causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow tomatic defrosting and tricity fresh food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that free- around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thor- oughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the the hours. further food to should this only top fresh and thorough- cleaned, food to to and completely and to to thaw the required; the food or and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the of food To the performance from this pliance, should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than necessary. Once defrosted, food and the ted the food
CARE AND CLEANING the carrying operation. This its cooling and charging therefore only authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they clean and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to clean the as this the and Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason it recommended that the outer of this only cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the WHAT TO DO IF Warning! troubleshooting, the from the If The through trough the back of the the tor where It to clean the frost the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already to the of the the following the from tricity supply food and clean the and the to If the to once while to the food from of or the troubleshoot- that this
There sounds The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The ates continually. The correctly. to "Closing the The too frequently. The too high. The too high. Water flows the of the Water flows the Products that flows the Water flows the ground. The the too The the too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. products the There the the the from the The switched off. Switch the The rectly. the defrosting process, frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The outlet flow the the The correctly. The correctly. the to the correctly. ance to the higher the than necessary. the crease to Decrease the This correct. that products the the outlet to the higher the crease to products the that there the
Press the and the the cover the of the arrow. the with of the and specifically household (the shown the light cover) the cover its the to the the that the TECHNICAL DATA of the Height The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the INSTALLATION the Information" and of the the Positioning this location where the to the indicated the rating of the the Clean the If necessary, the to If necessary, the the Service SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C
Removing the with that to the shelves To them as follows: the shelf the of the arrow (A). the from the and freed (B). the (C). that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The with ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, this If the earthed, the ance to earth with The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. rectives. The the the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop