Instruction JRG
Informationen hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling
Superfrost-Taste
WARNUNGEN UND WICHTIGE HINWEISE NUR FR GEFRIERSCHRNKE
Fachpersonal +16C +43C T); +16C +38C ST); +16C +32C N); +10C +32C SN);
GEBRAUCH A. B. EIN/AUS C. D. E. F. G. H. I.
EIN/AUS (B) (A) +5C (D) C +8C (C E) C 1C (C) (E) (I) (H) +2C
C Superfrost-Taste Superfrost (G) (F) Superfrost Superfrost- hat
TIPS
WARTUNG Fachpersonal Stromersparnis. offen hintere
EIN/AUS (B) offen
STORUNGEN Ist Thermostatknopf
INSTALLATION EWG EEWG EWG EWG ACHTUNG! Installation
hat hat Union D-90429 EUR
EUROPISCHE GARANTIE Privathaushalt
Fredericia Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
Welcome to the of chosen first from which with of pleasure the to offer of products that would You the this to this and and the from that
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household it handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
Imformation Cleaning the food shelves shelves Bottle/Can Shelf Compartment of fresh food and of food cleaning of light Defrosting Customer service and Instructions built-in www.electrolux.com
information It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, or should house and the that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death-trap child. These the of You them or the This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the It to the or this cleaning or to switch off and the This should when frost burns straight from the when as to to the cooling with The located to or prolonged of the to sunlight. There round the back of the and to the built-in the or other (such as of Service/Repair to this should or This should serviced authorized Service and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to
Service and This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. The and to specifically the of only. performance obtained with +16C and +43C T); +16C and +38C ST); +16C and +32C N); +10C and +32C SN). The of shown its rating Warning: when the included within the indicated the of this the following instructions when the below the the the guaranteed; therefore to the food as as food once should strictly to. to instructions. The of the consists of through which the If these should this would the and food DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or using the provided. should forced off the should allowed to thaw when defrosting the or the as the which to to the mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the cleaning as operation, the and the back of the heat considerably. reasons, as shown the instructions. Attention: clear of obstruction. to that the the the supply or assembly from the or its service
If the horizontally, that the contained the flows the It to least hours connecting the to allow the to flow back the There this which heat that there as to this and food instructions. which heat should exposed. Wherever the back of the should Protection This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this the
USE Cleaning the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of brand- then thoroughly. or as these the finish. operation (ON/OFF)button C (.+.=warmer) -Superfrost I. food To the performance: food or the cover or the food, food that freely round
the the Press the ON/OFF (B). The switched The to +5C. This reached hours. as the switched the (D) shows the the C E. buttons The +2C and +8C. the (C or E), the flashes the It to the only with flashing To warmer (C). To colder (E). The displays the selected seconds and then shows the The selected reached hours. Attention! the and when first the the to the this that the displayed than the functioning the shows the the the and the when: recently selected the food the The performance obtained the function. Its recommended when of food. Press the (I) The light (H) switches The internal to +2C. about hours the function switches off automatically. Attention!
Fresh food To the performance: food or the or the food, food that freely round shelves The of the with of that the shelves as the of the front half-shelves ones. shelves The shelves easily cleaning. with which and Bottle/Can Shelf To or the bottle/can shelf, the shelf. that the bottle or the of the or, when the closed, the shelf. bottles the with the top to the front. bottles and crossways the Attention! bottles or horizontally.
Humidity On there front of the the and compartments.The the with right closed. With the the the and the closed, the of the food the and To the the buttons both the and buttons. The right and those to C. Superfrost The function the of fresh food products while the protecting those already the from heating. The function the (G).The yellow (F) lights It to manually this function the Superfrost once again.The off. If the Superfrost function manually, off electronically about hours.The off. The Superfrost function the off! This with or the of these with then them the to the from the
HINTS hints: Meat types): polythene and the the this only or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the provided. and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the of fresh food and of food food to to and completely and to to thaw the the food or polythene and that the airtight. allow fresh, food to food which already of the food with to the food and It to the each to to of the that from the to the the shortest the as they Once defrosted, food and MAINTENANCE the carrying operation. Warning This its cooling and recharging therefore authorized technicians. cleaning Clean the with and of and thoroughly. or and /or the Clean the and the the back of the with or cleaner. This the performance of the and electricity
cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing this cleaned with with of the the following the from the food; and the and the to allow to to light If becomes to the the and the the cover the indicated the arrow. the with of the (the shown the light Defrosting from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the the of the to the from overflowing and the food the cleaner provided, which already the the frost with the thickness of the frost defrosting should Prooceed as follows: food, of newspaper and cool
the from the or the thermostat to the O the completed, the thoroughly and the Turn the thermostat back to the or the the the previously food the to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the CUSTOSERVICE AND SPARE PARTS the functioning properly, that: the the and the switch there electricity supply another the thermostat the If there the of the that the Defrosting section). If properly the the service To service, that when apply specify the and of which found the or the rating plate located the the
INSTALLATION Location The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that the and shown the to supply. of the rated with used. The earthed. The with this If the supply earthed, the to earth with technician. The responsibility the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of relative to interference EEC of Directive) and modifications; EEC of Directive) and ATTENTION! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily installation. reversibility The of both According to the the top and the Instructions built-in Building-in instructions reasons, as shown Attention: clear of obstruction. It that the with the following Instructions supplied.
EUROPEAN GUARANTEE This each of the countries the back of this user the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries listed, the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with regulations force within country of The of this of the rights to
Great Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT-09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO CH-5506 SK, Service, S:t S-105  www.electrolux.fr
www.electrolux.com