KO_SANTO 4085-6KG Instructions
operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with (Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the user the section "Something If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance with "Cold to Initial Initial Compartment FAST CHILL/FAST FREEZE FAST CHILL FAST FREEZE Switching the Appliance Stand-by
and Information Warning Partial/Complete Thaw Warning Function the Compartment Bottle Trays and Bottle Correct Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning light Something Working Technical Terminology Regulations, Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the it from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of tion!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to trapped to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the ance the top the with the recessed as the and the
to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back casters and the easily pushed. and from the of the of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the the the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the
Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the it Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The Please the turning the feet the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the follow- and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as The coloured and connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the bearing cover the plinth from the to the right. the the and the screw the self-closing the top of the With the closed, the head screws from the and the
The the from the right to the the to the front and Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the to the
Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the screws as the the self-closing to the of the the the top and The
The the the of the and to the housing. the self-closing the top of the the the and the with the the of the and the and the plinth.
Appliance of Appliance and and with compartment/bottle and defrosting the as collecting and plate or
Appliance with "Cold with tion and included below the the to the section to Initial the of the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cool to the of food the The and their The fro- then or
ON/OFF light ON/OFF ON/OFF light ON/OFF FAST FREEZE light (yellow) FAST CHILL/-FREEZE FAST CHILL cooling the FAST FREEZE the Warning light (red) WARNING OFF section: and Information Appliance
Appliance the respective frees from its recessed Pressing the respective to its recessed SET With freed from the recessed the (SET of 1C. ACTUAL With recessed the or (ACTUAL operation the or (ACTUAL The its recessed the selected the (SET If malfunction occurred the indicates: the or (ACTUAL as as The F1, F2, and the service technician the If the the displayed. To the of the or the freed from its recessed The displays shows of information.
to the the the FAST CHILL function switched section: Chill/Fast "IC" the as the FAST CHILL function switched indicated the to the the free- If, or completely to the the (ACTUAL and the highest to which the warmed. to Initial connecting the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please clean the and to section: and the from the the or the of -18C reached, and allow to hours the the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial and operated and of another. the and/or switched the initialise self-test. Press ON/OFF button. The the lights The shows the The flashing warning light that the reached. Once the the and thereafter. the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. Compartment Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the The flashing light that the reached. Once the the and tions thereafter. to -18C or section: with of -18C reached, or the
With the the the and the of another. Press that of its recessed The the selected Turn to the or right to the The immediately the selected of about +5C the to sufficiently cold. Compartment -18C to the of food. the back its recessed The switched back to the or Please and to of the to +15C stand-by section: Stand-by Initial warmer +5C to +10C to +2C Initial warmer (-18C) (to -15C) (to -24C)
FAST CHILL/FAST FREEZE FAST CHILL The FAST CHILL function cooling of of the and party. To switch the FAST CHILL function first the the The of its recessed The flashing shows the tor Press FAST CHILL/-FREEZE "IC" appears the cooling. to its recessed The to "IC", the FAST CHILL function the FAST CHILL function SET of +2C cally selected. The FAST CHILL function of hours. At the of this the the the originally SET You the FAST CHILL function manually wing the which the FAST CHILL function. FAST FREEZE The FAST FREEZE function of fresh food and the protects the To the FAST FREEZE function the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE the FAST FREEZE function switched the yellow light to the lights The when the free- and switches off the FAST FREEZE function to hours, the tity of food to
You the manually the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE The FAST FREEZE function only switched when the tor the recessed Switching the Appliance to the switching off (child-proof). and switched off of another. To switch off and the ON/OFF about seconds. "count the which counts backwards from to reached the switches off. the off. If the to Switch off and holding the ON/OFF about seconds. the or switch off. Defrost and thoroughly section: and defrosting to the of
Stand-by the stand-by the the +15C. stand-by therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the stand-by the closed would to the of and mould. To the stand-by first that freed from its recessed Turn anticlockwise as as Indicated the increased to +10C. The +10C +15C. The the stand-by Press back recessed the when the The about +15C when the stand-by This too food
and Information The and information of warning and acoustic warning. The the the or too high; or thawing of functional the Warning The warning flashes and warning sounds, as as the the or the to than 5C the selected of than 5C caused by: of with of foods; high of the The warning switched off with the WARNING OFF ton. Both and warning switched off, when the the and/or the to 4C warmer than the selected The warning tone switches off the ACTUAL than C with the SET The light to flash. The and the warning inoperable: the to the selected reached;
Partial/Complete Thaw Warning If the or temporary the flashes. the indicates: the highest to which the warmed; and the the If the of or thawing should the of the foods. as the the below the thawing of -4C, the thaw switched off with the WARNING OFF ton. Function If the technical malfunction which to corrected service technician, both and acoustic activated. the respective indicates: F1 through F7) and the malfunction which indicated corrected service technician. The acoustic warning switched off hours with the WARNING OFF the Compartment If the when the ration, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
Accessories shelf the track the and It this that and fresh The shelves to heights: the or and To height the items: the front of the and then of items the below. bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles horizontally. The bottle bottles.
Accessories To this the bottle upwards, then the front the The pulled and and other as and The and with included with with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and
Correct physical reasons, the The the lowest immediately the and Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of variations. instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained free of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which and the fresh food. Warning! foods the the -18C or colder. Please indicated the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the capacity indicated the rating of food, the the front the top the chamber. foods which further (cooked the the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE ton hours to or to hours lights The FAST CHILL/-FREEZE of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to The when the FAST FREEZE function and switch off automatically. light You the FAST FREEZE function manually the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE
Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these to the with or Warning! of the with the of -18C reached. only with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type The with index-tabs which attached to the to the of the index-tabs that they cover the section: Preparation of Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! which to the with pointed or or
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the Defrosting The defrosted automatically The the defrosting the as based and the of Defrosting or the of the of when the the of defrosting and of The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the operation and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or pointed this
The should when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once defrosting when the empty, or loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting because they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE ton, to the operation. with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. the the cover the section). the directly front of the to the from defrosting and the to the defrosting process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly clean the interior, as as section: and Defrosting
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning If the only to cleaned, the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE hours to the the service. the Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and clean to they and free from Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. household cleaner to clean the This protective allow the to with the the as them. of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once year with or cleaner.
and Cleaning light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF buttons about seconds. the To the light the head screw and the light the light the light cover and the head screw.
Something service force the following to the The the too high. flashes, warning sounds, (F1, F2, warning flashes, indicated the function. The lighting switches off The continuously Sympton there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the turned to the to Switch the warning off the WARNING OFF Please of the indicated and inform AEG Service force the Please to the section and Information Please to Light section. the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that ted.
Something of frost. to Normal Sounds The the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Sympton If the airtight the apply to the using to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or formance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light of or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the ance. repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service If carrying the necessary there with please AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning to Please type of writing or telephoning. to know, and telephone Clear and of the of purchase (PNC) (S-No.) This information found the rating the of the the Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG