SANTO Integrating and Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ
Housing Height please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with information operation and and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. of the appear this to owners of the Dear Regulations, 89/336/EWG the of this The 73/23/EWG February This with the following EU (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This household and with the The with regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk To and please
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf and Starting and shelves food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning the Housing Regulations, This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each operation this located atmosphere, You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and the The back of the to the DONOT with the of the screwing the foot, or from heat and sunlight. which located the the of the the of the of of the +16C to 32C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C restricted Positioning reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
used. or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED to this should The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the It the of food. If the other than those or incorrectly, the or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling of foods, please regulations that caused. to coloured red. coloured as follows: and Earth The wires the with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals the the outer sheath. (shock) that the cut-off of The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious the should the of please the The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the situated. If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that children themselves the of suffocation! from
when (there of suffocation!)or themselves the household It therefore that and with the other AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS with or There of with such fire extinguisher the cleaning the switch off the and the from the or the house or switch off the tridges the of malfunction the If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there repaired service repairs to If please or Customer please further repairs yourself. sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location. without Appliance Information
Service and Service Force telephoning: Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that them- the of suffocation!) or themselves The of with or The the heat the back of the as other of Appliances The purchase service (Irl) of Ireland and Clear and of the Customer The and of the (found the rating please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the AEG below: the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and from the of the The and the protected off the the and right of the with that to the shelves tion. To them as of the arrow, the from the and the the freed and the Shelf follows: Appliances below or Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the LU4 QQ Bedfordshire AEG Appliances to this recorded
and Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the the with of the (the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back the light shown the light the light cover. the the arrow. tion. the light warmer COOLMATIC function ON/OFF COOLTMATIC A. C The the C and E buttons. These The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL tons connected to the DESIRED buttons, C or E hours. The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL means: The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers.
properly hours. food the of within the Malfunction necessary. the as as section. Please the "Initial operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. The food too lighting The near heat Light the Light section. Please the correctly. the C). At the than such that the warmed sections of the with rarily. Turn the tor to location" section. Please the If the OFF ON/OFF The Press the C or E The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately currently the within the reached food the the food the The immediately switching C. to COOLMATIC the of frost, Appliance or other The touching the hinges). the tight the the slightly. the immediately The occurred. This or the the rear of the touching another of the the of the If necessary, of The The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. The COOL- The COOLMATIC function manually MATIC function of hours. the COOLMATIC The light ton. The light the shelves. Water the or Water section. the "Cleaning and
The function the +15C. This function allows to the and Press (C) the H appears the the the function The with function the without the formation of To the function, (C). the function the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool the heat the the of the back of the cover than necessary. as as necessary. clean. tion of the first. the front of the shelf and of the To height the The the and should to and fresh The shelves the shelf or and to shelf. What to malfunction that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please Warning! Repairs to only or Customer Service. Correcting Malfunctions The pulled and and other as blown or Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or Appliance malfunctions to corrected Turn the tor to warmer porarily.. too cold. Appliance cools too
Cleaning and Warning! Attention! butyric or back service. or cleaner. should cleaned regularly. included with the cleansers. of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with the the of the Clear with the of the the of everything to the of cleansers which or the or or the from cleaning with fresh and Ethereal and The back service. of newspaper. cool covered. Commercially used. allow such to with reasons the interior, including The should connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or turn the the with cleaner. of shock! food and the food from the food Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this or foods, dishes, these should covered and and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wapped or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, food or the cover or the food, strong food that freely round To the performance: the the shelf. hints: the food Defrosting To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or and as as trays. If the to the to the of off off. from the of the the The through trough the back of the the where it Switching off the
reasons the including The should connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the the with cleaner. of shock! food and the food from the food Switch the off and the from the or switch off Clean the and the with cloth and allow such to with Commercially used. layers of newspaper. cool covered. The back service. Ethereal and cleaning with fresh and or the from or the or to the of cleansers which of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once with Check the the of the Clear with the of the the of everything cleansers. included with the should cleaned regularly. or cleaner. back service. or butyric Attention! Warning! Cleaning and Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this only or foods, dishes, these should covered and and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bootles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, packed, food or the cover or the food, food that freely round To the performance: the the shelf. hints: the food Defrosting To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The Switch off the the ON/OFF the the or switch off or the or and as as trays. If the to the to the of off off. from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where Switching off the
function the To the function, (C). the without the formation of The with function The function the +15C. This function allows to the and Press (C) the H appears the the the function the or other of warmth. High and the and foods the Allow foods to cool the heat the the of the back of the than necessary. as as necessary. clean. tion of the first. shelf. to The shelf the and should to and fresh The shelves the or and To height the the front of the and of the What to malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information service repairs to the If please Warning! Repairs to or Customer Service. Correcting Malfunctions other as The pulled and and or Switch the Appliance switched Malfunction or Appliance malfunctions to corrected defective. Turn the tor to warmer porarily.. too cold. Appliance too
Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. Malfunction within the of food the hours. properly operation, the currently the the flashing the The of information. currently (DESIRED Starting the (ACTUAL displayed. Please the location" section. tor to Turn the rarily. sections of the with the than such that C). At the the correctly. Please the the Light section. Light The heat lighting The food too If the OFF ON/OFF The Press the C or E The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the C or E buttons section buttons"). The the Each the the From food of C should sufficiently Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food the the food the The immediately switching C. to COOLMATIC the slightly. the tight the hinges). The touching the or other Appliance of frost, the The of If necessary, the of the touching another of the the of the or the This occurred. The immediately the The COOLMATIC function cooling of of The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling. The COOL- The COOLMATIC function manually MATIC function of hours. the COOLMATIC The yellow light ton. The light the the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves.
and Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the the with of the (the To the light the and the the cover the indicated the back the light shown the light the light cover. the the arrow. tion. the light COOLTMATIC ON/OFF COOLMATIC function warmer C A. hours. buttons, C or E DESIRED tons connected to the The using the C and E buttons. These The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESI- RED flashes) of the Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached within If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL ACTUAL indicated flashing numbers. The that selected the The DESIRED The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The the the
the of service, or to purchase please telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. Service Force telephoning: Service and reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or or This the that them- the of suffocation!) or themselves The of with or The the heat the back of the as other of Appliances please the heading thing Not Working. the Service Force to following Please that purchase or Customer Services the of Ireland please the The and of the (found the rating Customer Clear and of the and of Ireland (Irl) telephone service The purchase below: AEG the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of tly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and from the of the The and the protected off the the and right of the with that to the shelves tion. To them as of the arrow, the from the and it the the freed and the Shelf follows: concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the Customer below or Appliances to this recorded AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 QQ
other and with the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves the household It therefore that AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE The correctly and only the electricity or supply The only, and with The serviced, repaired, or with service this Service Force and to or from or the of Costs incurred to right which improperly or to Appliances found to within those which If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. or become the Company's property. This relates to and to another The from the first purchased This to and other rights. of and to and these hours which charged. Products of AEG which AEG. the country of this or of products. the operating and instructions. to to the following light or of or plastic. the United or that: authorised This cover: stically, household. to ted the rating UK GUARANTEE CONDITIONS the of malfunction the or the house or switch off the with or There of with such fire extinguisher the cleaning the switch off the and the from the please further repairs yourself. If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there only repaired service repairs to If please or Customer Appliance Information without recycling location. sound! They or About the The plastics and as >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of
The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The aspects of with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the It the of food. If the other than those or incorrectly, the or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling of foods, please that caused. to The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the N or The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the outer sheath. The wires the coloured with the the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals and Earth as follows: coloured red. lowing the should the of please the The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children wraps, There Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the of suffocation! from
Appliance Information of Appliances Shelf and and shelves food Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning the Housing Regulations, This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each operation this located atmosphere, You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and the The back of the to the DONOT with the of the screwing the foot, or from heat and sunlight. which located the the of the the of the of of the +16C to 32C +18C to 43C SN +10C to 32C ST +18C to 38C restricted Positioning reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the the
Housing please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with Supplementary information operation and and concerning and sound of (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following and of the the with the flower. of the appear this to of the Dear This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations, The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to To and please www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk
SANTO and Instructions Bedfordshire LUTON AEG to without Copyright AEG LU4 9QQ