Instructions PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION SANTO
Dear switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances Location of the Appliance of the to Initial Starting and FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC Switching the Accessories Correct torage and toring Preparation of Cubes. Defrosting The efrosts Defrosting the C ompartment Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the ight Technical Terminology.
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply from the or Service Force The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the
off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of tion!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. Warning the tor and/or Warning to the function of the cover or the Warning the cooling cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force Instructions
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore exposed to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each directly allowed. The of the which high, the If the the and instructions Considering the which there of information It to overheating of the from heat and the of thermal insulation of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The integrated of the the recess. therefore with the plinth. The to upwards through the the back. The cross-sections should least Warning To the correctly or the instructions supplied. Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and thereby to higher What to correctly earthed the ply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the fused to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating the the The only or If please Service Force
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the Appliance of the with included with and shelves plate
light ON/OFF switch warmer buttons colder FROSTMATIC light (yellow) FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC light (yellow) button COOLMATIC These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, or With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. of the Appliance
ACTUAL means: The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated continuously numbers. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the the currently flashes (DESIRED to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and Starting and the the the the internal lighting switched Press ON/OFF The Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) buttons section buttons"). The immediately the With each further of of the buttons, the DESIRED 1C. +2C to +8C. From food of +5C the and -18C the should enough as Once the the and The of information.
the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food immediately switching the reached of 18C, food. FROSTMATIC FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC button. The light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The yellow light the FROSTMATIC function switched the ACTUAL the slightly. Once the FROSTMATIC function switched off the selected DESIRED resumed. If the COOLMATIC or FROSTMATIC functions switched the Warning: The COOLMATIC and FROSTMATIC switched The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from
COOLMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOLMATIC tion of hours. The originally selected DESIRED and the to The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light If the COOLMATIC function switched the Switching the To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. If the to and Switch off the holding the ON/OFF the off the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Defrost the and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party.
or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the of the and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the height. with half-size shelves. items: the front of the age another to the rear. this to items the below. The pulled and and other as
On there front of the the and The the with right closed. With the the the and the closed, the of the food the and the with which and The To the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the Please the to the shelf The from shelf the the shelf or and the the the and the back the
with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways. Correct torage physical reasons, there the The the lowest shelf. Warmer the top age shelf, the and the the The shows which the of foods Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with and toring The and food. The the 18C or cold- fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as
and toring Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the the foods which further (cooked To the shown the rating the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to The switch off the FROSTMATIC function matically hours. The yellow light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC ton the FROSTMATIC function switched the ACTUAL the slightly. Once the FROSTMATIC function switched off the selected DESIRED resumed. Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and wrappings: or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or
Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. try to free that to the pointed or the the Defrosting The efrosts The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The cleaned the section "Cleaning and Defrosting the C and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or pointed to frost. The should when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing
Switch the FROSTMATIC function hours defrosting to food sufficiently food, of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply. the from the outlet and neath to catch the You the with the and closing the of that they completely thoroughly the "Cleaning and section). to switch the FROSTMATIC off Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which
allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and with of to of cleaning with fresh and the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the ance. everything switch the back the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that using the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance Appliance cools too The food too lighting Light Symptom Appliance switched or blown or defective. too cold. of food the within the hours. The heat Switch the necessary. malfunctions to corrected Press (WARMER) Please the and section. the only as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please the the light section.
shows of frost, possibly the The immediately the COOLMATIC or FROSTMAT- IC switched Water the or shelves. Symptom There function tight (possibly the This occurred. Water What to Please inform Service Force the of the the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. The of Switch off COOLMATIC or FROSTMATIC manually, or to the the function to COOLMATIC/FROST- MATIC section). the Cleaning and section.
the ight Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off, the ON/OFF the light the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and the of the ance. the light the light cover and the screw. Switch the back The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 to without