information ease and this Thank choosing appliances.This of to and throughout the service of Purchase NOTE with to You www.electroluxappliances.com or Product Card the toll-free telephone the U.S. and 1-877-4ELECTROLUX and information www.electroluxappliances.com and tight completely to the top and front-to-back Toe properly attached to corners House turned mation of Information Surely Removingthe Connecting the Water Water Food and Normal Sounds Sights Changingthe Water and and Cleaning to Common Warranty House supply connected to C3 hours turned ON operates correctly with housing food and
instructions Precautions to or the this items throughout this with Warning, or based the type. Definitions _This the It to o to that follow this to or death. DANGER DANGER which, death or serious injury. WARNING WARNING which, death or serious injury. CAUTION CAUTION which, or injury. IMPORTANT Indicates operation, or information which hazard-related. WARNING Please instructions using or or other this or other and other the the of with of the from the to injury. Staples finishes they with other or Child covered with or stretch become airtight chambers and suffocation. or the and other immediately the unpacked. Children should with these items. Child and Suffocation: These to the Whether abandoned, or temporarily hours), and Please the below. of strongly recycling/ with utility,company or www.recyctemyoldfridge.com information recycling or of the o the shelves o and children easily and service technician.
information WARNING You follow these to that operating correctly, The its AC=only The of the with three-prong protection shock It directly properly grounded three-prong The with and ordinances. or o If the should the service technician, or the the cord. the and straight from the to the cord. To shock, the cleaning and light or LED light. o Performance affected the or the with the covered warranty. the switch or to the from turned off IMPORTANT To off to the from the Grounding type with grounded
features and terms and flexibility. The below to with with and terminology, to shown without cover. TM Shelves items PTD) LED Light Water NOTE LED Light Light Shelf Can LED Light _TM (PTD) or (with (top only) Toe
You the following Provided: Top _ToP Cover Screw This and operating instructions service or contracting professional to the only as instructed this the follow these first Choose that grounded, GFCI, Not or If the of sunlight and from the dishwasher, or other heat The that and enough to supply with CAUTION DO NOT the where the below 55F (13O) or 110F (43C). The to the DO NOT the the front of the of Necessary: Allow the following clearances ease of installation, and and Top inch inch NOTE If with the to allow additional the NOTE The to themselves within should to easy to counter when food. of and the should where both finai positioning of o four corners of the the The should the front and rear. The should inch from front to back (to that and properly). o should with each other and of these or lowering the front
To the the front Slightly the of the and the right of the and to the and screwdriver or %-inch wrench to or the front both with their touching the four the NOTE The with the to the DO NOT the to the the installation
To the to NOTE shown the of the to to screw. screw. to location, it with the Re-tighten screw. location To the the food items from to or screw, Screw Re-tighten Screw OrscrewRemove of Screw
the while the washer. To the washer clockwise (when from the To washer counter-clockwise (when from the Raising/Lowering Re-tighten the screw, the of the washer. screw tight, with the NOTE If higher the sound, screw and with Re-tighten Screw Screw To the the screw located the Screw with the there should about the thickness of inches, or the and Height Re-tighten screw. Screw
Removing through through the first the To the the from the the and the section), food from the shelves and the To the top covers" the screws from each cover the top hinges. of cover and back. NOTE DO NOT the ground screw from Rear Screw TopHl_ HI Oround I1| To the Trace lightly around the top with This the both of the firmly, the latch, and the screws from the top the off of the and the from the located the and the back to the front of the The releases when the while the the then while to the the
NOTE You three of from the back of the Unscrew the three screws and necessary. To the right the Once both they with each other and (Please the "Installation" section and the top cover. CAUTION where they and or to the or Removing screws right and screws each NOTE DO NOT screw from This factory and to CAUTION when With and pulled mount of Tighten screws then another turn. around screws necessary.
from protective fresh food (A) and shoulder (B) that the the screws facing the While holding and screws (C) with wrench, and to the the screws facing the first and right shoulder that to the the the screws facing While holding and right screws (C) with wrench, NOTE To that with that screws completely Mounting oEnd Mounting
About The supply to function correctly. installation, (or service professional) establish this supply connecting from household to the rear of the CAUTION To property the supply to supply supply and comply with and and operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. What Access to with of with only.) with inch (OD). the from the rear of the to household shut-off the household and the supply DO NOT shut-off and the the of NOTE that supply installation. To the supply to the of that the the supply clear the of the or and the shut-off and the from the the of the then the the theWater the the as as inch or the the and the the Tighten another with wrench DO NOT the to with and screw the (about as shown. to or wear other supply shut-off and that the supply to the NOTE supply includes and To that properly, this completely with when first connected to the household supply
WaveoTouch TM(semectmodws) with Wave-Touch TM It necessary to gently the There three of displays the WATER, CUBES and CRUSHED options. Touch to the The active brightly The touching anywhere the where there Black the seconds of inactivity, the to the The following options illuminated: iceoff Press and three seconds to the "ON" or "OFF".Turning the "OFF' Neither "CRUSHED"will with the "OFF". Activates freezingfood On Press and three seconds to and deactivate.This restricts to the and of the IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from Touching the options displays the following options: mutesounds factory off IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to "You the from the increasing the betweenautornatic This matically activatedduring Vacation manually activatedwhen the Touch to Press and three seconds to Touch to Pressand three seconds to active, allows the of the The when the toggledisplayfrom each keypresscan off based preference.The sounds muted when the Warning signalswill active. such display,and tones to their factory Press and three seconds to off the cooling to cleanthe tor. It off the and the PerfectTemp TM Thetemperature
cooling Touch the to the of Select the options and appear of the displayed Press the or to the to the The to with the first seconds of inactivity, the to the seconds, the and to the HighTamp If the anextended sound andthe the of the The turned off closing the The to the of Pressthis the of high the anddisplay "HI". minutes,the high displayed and the off pressed, acknowledgingthe which the highest reachedwill the operation. other off the acknowledged. the of the and the off the off pressed, acknowledgingthe Othermodes off the acknowledged. Whenthe turned off, the operation. The highletup operating reached. The that of the and its both Wave-Touch TM and IQ-ToucWM,in with of the and religious within the community. NOTE While the Wave-Touch TM only the to the turned ON and OFF and holding both the and seconds both the Wave-Touch TM and The shows while the the High active health reasons. If high activated this to the sound about The then its and high The high to the closed, the Sabbath exited and the The function normally once the closed, without of the further and of with the please the NOTE While neither the lights, the deactivated. Sabbath recovery. It deactivated with the buttons the
NOTE Although the the the already initiated. The and with trays. and the Perfect TM The Perfect TM should turned off the the the turn the PerfectTemp TM off the on/off The show"OFF" and the turn off. Then the function the Wave-TouchilQ-Touch section. the and the off. The as this the of the Perfect TM to turned back NOTE If the Perfect TM turned off to the to to the the to that with Touch It to the There three Water Ice Cubes Crushed light the active Touch the to the options below. off Pressand three seconds to the "ON" or "OFF". The OFFwhenthe the off there indicator,then the ON.Turning the "OFF" the icedispensing Neither "CRUSHED"will operatewith the "OFF". light Press and three seconds to change. Activatesafasterratefor freezingfood. On Pressand three seconds to and deactivate.This restricts the and useof the and increasingthe betweenautomatic This maticallyactivatedduring Vacationmode manually activatedwhen the Pressand three seconds to the and off. Touchand to from
sounds factory off IMPORTANT Pressing the on/off off to You the from the IMPORTANT the turned off, the the should to the or to from cooling Touch the to and of the displays. Press the or- to the to the The to with the first The and to the Tonesemittedbyeachkeypresscanbe turned off basedonuserpreference.Thesoundsare mutedwhenthe lit,Warning signalswill stayactive. theirfactory three(3)secondsto off thecoolingsystemto cleantherefrigerator:It alsoturnsoffthe functions.Thetemperaturedisplaywill HighTemp If the anextended of sound and the onthe right of the panel.The turned off closing the The sounds the of Press this the high the and "HI'. the highletup displayed andthe off pressed, acknowledgingthe which the highest the operation. other turned off the acknowledged. the the bedisplayed andthe the soundsiconis pressed,acknowledging the Other off the acknowl- edged.The turned off and the operation. The highletup reached.
Water the CAUTION operation, recommended supply should and to malfunction. the and holding the the this of the about about three to the and of to the as necessary). NOTE The built-in that off the flow three of To this release the operation the properly and cooled hours, the within hours. It completely about hours. The pounds of every hours turned the factory as as If supply, the On/Off to and off the supply otherwise, the chattering when to without Turning the and off Ice the On/Off the Press and the "Ice three seconds to the "ON" or "OFF". NOTE The built-in that when the This should to manually the the the first to the supply or three Furthermore, the flushed, the first or On disc-shaped the or This operation of the If these frequently, of or the to replaced. the nears the of its and becomes with to the each months or the with household the to frequently. Normal Ice
Water If connected to o supply or the supply off, off the holding the soft-touch and the shut-off three seconds. The following sounds when the operating: Water or closing hear or clicking sound when the and If of to directly from the Turning off the the the Ice too Empty the as below. CAUTION the supply to the properly Chemicals from the Cleaning the Clean the and to or Turn off the the straight and the with or cleaners. with clear Removing Allow the to completely the the Turn the and the hour or the to and together, the You the frequently. together the the the and to the or as CAUTION NEVER or to the This the and To the completely IMPORTANT or the DO NOT the the If the rotated, the turning below) the fits with the If the properly when the the The fresh food properly causing to the fresh food
CAUTION To from shelves NOTE to includes TM shelves that to catch and "Youcan easily shelf the fresh food to The shelves mounting that to the of each To the of shelf: shelf, food. the front and the shelf the mounting the the and She TM Shelf TM Shelf includes of These usually located the of the fresh food NOTE when with the Higher Humidity, or without This incoming to and and other fresh items include the the This the of fresh that high Humidity Higher
To the cleaning: the the front slightly and the items The of the items allows to four bottles of or bottles. Perfect TM DF_W_I The Perfect TM to food items whether cooler, warmer, or the as the fresh food section of the The thaw thawing foods hours. At the of that then switches to the items to the food. To To turn and off, the On!Off The and when and "OFF" when o o off. Press to or "C". Press the _',.or buttons to the Once option selected, the and the the selected. turned off, the Perfect TM functions as meat The Perfect TM food products. and of the The three selections flexibility to the Removing with meat of meat items. This includes the meat to than should If or this to higher humidity. and The the or buttons. The the selected The to the three (3)seconds. Deactivate three (3)seconds
IMPORTANT DO NOT clean the of the Perfect TM with or cleaners. clean with CAUTION The Perfect TM and cover cleaning the attached to the right of the the PerfectTemp TM cover or dishwasher. Clean with cloth or To the Perfect TM cleaning: the the front slightly and the NOTE the turned off the Wave-Touch TM or IQ-Touch TM on/off button, the PerfectTemp TM turned off. the turned back the Perfect TM operations the that the turned off. DOORS The to fresh food of of these easy cleaning. of them while others to bottles and containers.They selection of items. the To the of food. the with both and the the the Accessories bottle The bottle the from when or closing the To the of the the The allow to efficiently and securely to 12-ounce Can
the the top of the fresh food of or The to warmer than the and includes cover that and Three To and items from to their and Compartment Removing To and the the front of the the the If the with the the front of the the when the If the with the the of the (backwards), the the when the If resting the properly. To items from the and from the Removing To NOTE The third to when the To this the third and Shelf The (located the of the to
the front of the and the of the and To the and to location. The to NOTE should
Food foods food the fresh food and with of F. o overcrowding the shelves, which reduces and cooling. and and where trapped food items and items that or high o Meat meat and and securely to and of other foods or the or Perfect TM and to meat/poultry meat to than should food the or lower. operates efficiently when least foods To food and or airtight Force as of the as and them tightly. Trapped food to and burn). fresh and with to meat that completely Loading the to that purchased food the as as Activating efficiently the selected purchases with foods. too food to the This the the of and the of foods. freely, allowing food to as as the the of the of sunlight, and from heating or the to heat- such as or dishwasher. If this section of cabinetry or of insulation the the efficiently. the that the tightly. to the section Food overcrowding the or Doing the to and foods and them the refrigerator.This build-up the the to reduce as items as and the as as directly shelf. such the
the sounds hear high-efficiency sounds. These sounds normally operating correctly. walls, and these sounds The following of and the sounds they through the or sound. hear forced through the the C Defrost heater the heater hissing or sound. sound produced, hear the Ice activation, and sounds from its operation. These or clicking sound when turning the cooling and off. You hear forced through the high-efficiency than The high-pitched or sound. Water sound each to the You hear the the sounds from forced Perfect TM light operation. hear clicking, or sound when the and the light operation. ormal Sounds TM off when or Perfect TM turned off. NOTE sound insulator. NOTE the back of
TheWater and with and The as as the to The and from the NOTE The includes to the of and the section information. About advanced The TM and NSF International, the NSE)' tested and ....._J respected, not-for-profit health The PureAdvantage TM and tested and certified to and the reduction of specified the performance with that or of unknown without disinfection or the reduction disinfected that Rated Capacity TM and Rated service flow- Rated pounds inch Recommended pounds inch 100F Water The located the of the fresh food TM should the months to the highest The Water light the Touch to the amount of through the If of the the It to the off to the ready to amounts of released the Turn the the the release the to the straight of the housing and Unpack the and the protective covering the and of the the the housing the the back of the housing. Water PushWater Water RemoveTwo Protective
the should hear clicks), the front of the should with the release Push-in Water Turn On the the Press the while the housing. and as the of the the supply as previously. Press and the the three seconds. the from to the TheWater The located of the PureAcfcantage TM To of should the months (the light the Touch to the months). You to this the and amounts of food typically the the and Unpack the and the housing. To the the top and to the closed. Press and the the three (3)seconds. the from to the The turn off seconds. FJ www.electroluxappliances.com, or through the where bought You to when first Water FC-300 Cartridge
and Cleaning Protecting investment clean its appearance and build-up. immediately and the and fresh food least NOTE cleaners such as scouring cleansers, cleaning bleaches or cleansers containing products or towels, scouring or other cleaning scouring brushes, cleaners, or CHLORIDE or cleaners with bleach to clean dishwasher. the from the outlet cleaning. NOTE If to off cooling, to lights and other the from the hand. or other which scratch the the of plate warranty. the the correctly. This the from CAUTION the straight to Shifting from to to the the with or IMPORTANT If or to completely the supply to when the back service. service to this operation. to the the and cleaning of
and cleaning CleaningAgents Interior& Toe and Only) cleaners and Short Vacations operating vacations of three or Vacations food and month or food and and Precautions o wring excesswaterout of cloth beforecleaning aroundcontrols,light butboranyelectricalpart. and with cloth. Useasoft clothto cleandrawerrunnersandtracks. notwashanyremovableitems(bins,drawers,etc.) indishwasher. and Allowglassto and and Instructions). both and with cloth or and and household cleaners containing bleach or to cloth to cleansmooth Non cloth to smooth CHLORIDEor cleanerswith bleach to and handleswith and dishcloth. Rinsewith and cloth. cleaner.These cleaners purchased or stores. follow instruction. household cleaners containing or bleach. clean, and with to scratching. the of the with and and with clean cloth. o o items from _,Turn off and Turn the cooling off section location of OntOff and cord. Turn supply closed Clean thoroughly. both to and build-up. Block necessary. If handcart, from the the to them or to scratching Cleaning
and Cleaning LED Lights s) Both the and fresh food of include LED lights. To LED Lights: cord. light cover and the LED cover with and the with the other while the latch. LED light and assuring the light facing the fresh food and or facing outward of fresh food NOTE LED lights or lights light Light s) Both the and fresh food of include light that from lights covers that to the that LED Light LED Light CAUTION Wear when light to To light cord. Wear protective light cover, necessary. Unscrew and with of the type and wattage (normally light cover, necessary. the cord. LED Lights www.electrohxappliances.com, or through the where bought the the to when Lights Light Light Light Light Located UghtBulb Light LED Light,
If with or or that usually to service to this section with the following this information includes and anyice. enough Coverfoodstightly.Discardstaleice.Icemakerwilt producefreshsupply. usedfrequentlyenough. Correction to Common Water supply connectedto Householdwater restricted If of the type, havecreated sufficiently to passthrough. the Water completely seated. icethan Householdwater completely than Water supply' connected. empty, Householdwater FreshFood closed. than four to Ice aroundauger to fluctuations, and.i or together. than Correction Turn supply Turn householdwater Turn off householdwater Ensurethat necessary. If the or restricted, and replaced. Pushfirmly the should clicks). makershould pounds of iceevery hours. Turn householdwater If replacethe Connectwater supply ConnectingThe Water section). turned the first supply of intothe the should the to made,the should closed. Section, Opening/Closingof overloaded. inapproximately three Ice canthen thaw, and the Clean and should Usethe often that together. The clogged. Replacethefilter operates should within this
to Common Light/sflot On Light dirty. cleaned. Foodwith Door(s)will to Food touching of food overloaded or redistribute food. Light or LED light Light switch reaching lights or both too It onthe when slightly. Correction Coolingsystem turned disconnected. Housefuse blown or tripped Correction ReplacingLight or LEDlights Careand Cleaning section. light switch o section, and to Correction SeeCare& CleaningTips. Coverfood tightly. Turn foods with routinely ]Correction and the to or Turn cooling On.SeeControls Section location of cooling On/Off This The periodically,lasting about tightly Check/replacefuse with house tights, _,This and off to
(continued) too or too TooCold toocold.Refrigerator satisfactory. satisfactory. Seesolutionabove. Food Meat Too too satisfactory: to Common Roomoroutsideweatherishot. Refrigeratorhasrecentlybeendisconnected Automaticicemakerisoperating. too cold(controlfound infreshfood section). dirty,worn, cracked,or poorlyfitted. o Thismodelis providedwithahigh-efficiency, variable-speedcompressor. Electroniccontrolsystemhasdetecteda cold. cold. cold. cold. or too slightly Correction It's therefrigeratorto theseconditions, hoursfor therefrigeratorto cooldown completely. Icemakeroperationcausesrefrigeratorto Warmairenteringthe to level.Keepfoodandcontainers from blockingdoor.SeeProblemsection,Opening/ Closingof warmersettinguntilrefrigerator satisfactory.Allow24hoursfor Cleanor It the oftime. yourElectroluxservicerepresentative, who numbercodesflashingon the Correction awarmersetting.Allow24hours It thefreezercompartmentto overcool whileautomaticicemakeris awarmersetting.Allow24 hoursfor Meat to warmer Meat should belowthe fresh to the of Correction o the whenever the Openthe section, Opening/Closingof to Allow hours to
3G to Common Too Warm(continued) too satisfactory. inthe or Perfect TM too Water and/or extremelylow: Water/Moisture/Frost collects walls, Water collects of cover. collects of collects of or too Temperaturecontrolissettoowarm. Watersupplyis connected. Householdwater clogged. o thetankfor o Unit notproperlyconnectedto coldwater Tubingusedinthe installationmayaffectwatertasteandodor. highmineralcontent. o Cut-offandcut-on systemsonly). regenerativephase= Weather and slightly too often or too and off Washed while the pasttheir Weather o slightly causing from to from Correction coldersetting.Allow24 hoursfor to colder Correction Connectwater supply(seeConnectingTheWaterSupply section). o linevalve.SeeProblemsectionIce removeprotectivecaps. Drawanddiscard10-12glassesof freshenthe supplyandcompletelyrinseoutthetank. the Forbestresults,usecoppertubing waterconnections. Contactwatertreatmentplantfor helpincheckingwater upthe cut-offandcut-onpressureon thewaterpumpsystem(wellsystemsonly). It duringtheregenerativephase. Correction The of frost and internalsweating increases. section, Opening/Closingof often to allow to containerscovered. Moistureonthe bottomsideof thecoveris o Movehumiditycontrol(selectmodels)to lowersetting. items them the collecting of Routinely cleanout and they to breakdown. This weather. lower, the should section, Opening/Closingof
covered warranty. from of purchase, or of this that to or workmanship when such and with the instructions. This warranty cover the following: Products with that or readily Product that from its to another or the USAor the or of the Products purchased "as-is" covered this warranty. Food to or Products Service callswhich malfunction or or workmanship, or ordinary household other than with the instructions. Service to the installation of or to to the servicing, such as of shelves, etc.,which of the when shipped from the factory. Service to or light other or or other including, to, or service charges, or service to areas, including the of to the of or incurred installation, including to walls, caused by: services unauthorized service useof other than or obtained from other than authorized service or such as supply, fires, or acts of DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES CUSTOMER'SSOLEAND EXCLUSIVEREMEDYUNDERTHIS LIMITED WARRANTYSHALLBE PRODUCT REPAIROR REPLACEMENTAS PROVIDEDHEREIN.CLAIMSBASEDON IMPLIEDWARRANTIES,INCLUDING WARRANTIESOF MERCHANTABILITYOR FITNESSFORA PARTICULARPURPOSE,ARELIMITED TO ONEYEAR ORTHE SHORTESTPERIODALLOWEDBY LAW,BUTNOT LESSTHANONEYEAR.ELECTROLUXSHALLNOT BE LIABLE FORCONSEQUENTIALOR INCIDENTALDAMAGESSUCH AS PROPERTYDAMAGEAND INCIDENTAL EXPENSESRESULTINGFROMANY BREACHOFTHIS 'WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTYOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY.SOMESTATESAND PROVINCESDO NOTALLOWTHE EXCLUSIONOR LIMITATION OFINCIDENTAL ORCONSEQUENTIALDAMAGES,OR LIMITATIONSONTHE DURATIONOFIMPLIED WARRANTIES,SOTHESE LIMITATIONSOR EXCLUSIONSMAYNOTAPPLYTOYOU. THIS WRITFEN WARRANTYGIVESYOU SPECIFIC LEGALRIGHTS.YOU MAYALSOHAVEOTHERRIGHTSTHATVARY FROMSTATETO STATE. If You or other to establish the warranty Service should service If service to and Service this warranty the or below. This warranty the USA and the USA, warranted Appliances North of Products, Inc. ,warranted authorizes to or to obligations this warranty. Obligations service and this warranty or authorized service Product or specifications as or to without USA Appliances America Terry RO. GA LSV 3E4 Warranty