KO-SANTO KO-SANTO Combinations Instructions
please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with (Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "Something If these instructions should please Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance with "Cold to Initial Initial Compartment FAST CHILL/FAST FREEZE FAST CHILL FAST FREEZE Switching the Appliance Stand-by
and Information Warning Partial/Complete Thaw Warning Function the Compartment and Correct Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning light Something Service Conditions Technical Terminology Regulations,
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours it to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of tion!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such as fire extinguisher the or food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children trapped to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the ance the top the with the recessed as the and the
to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back casters and the easily pushed. and from the of the of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
Installation Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the mation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the right round. untight to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The please the turning the the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The the coloured with the follow- and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the as lows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the shea Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Yellow Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the cover from the to the right. With the closed, the head screws from the and the the the and the screw the self-closing the top of the
the bearing from the right to the the to the front and Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the bearing to the The
The the To this, screwdriver to the rotating of clock- and the as the and each to the other the self-closing to the of the the the top and
the the of the and to the housing. the self-closing the top of the the the and the with the the of the and the and the plinth. The
Appliance of Appliance and and with compartment/bottle and defrosting the as collecting and plate or
with "Cold with tion and included the the to the section to Initial the of the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cool to the of food the The and their The fro- then or Appliance
Appliance ON/OFF light ON/OFF ON/OFF light ON/OFF FAST FREEZE light (yellow) FAST CHILL/-FREEZE FAST CHILL cooling the FAST FREEZE the Warning light (red) WARNING OFF section: and Information
the respective frees from its recessed Pressing the respective to its recessed SET With freed from the recessed the (SET of 1C. ACTUAL With recessed the or (ACTUAL operation the or (ACTUAL The its recessed the selected the (SET If malfunction occurred the indicates: the or (ACTUAL as as The F1, F2, and the service the If the the displayed. To the of the or the freed from its recessed The displays shows of information. Appliance
to the the the FAST CHILL function switched section: Chill/Fast "IC" the as the FAST CHILL function switched indicated the only to the the free- If, partially or completely to the the (ACTUAL and the highest to which the warmed. to Initial Please the and to section: and Cleaning"). the from the the or the of -18C reached, and allow to hours the the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial and operated and of another. the and/or switched the self-test. Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the The flashing warning light that the reached. Once the the and thereafter. the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. Compartment Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the The flashing light that the reached. Once the the and tions thereafter. to -18C or section: with of -18C reached, or the warning
With the the the and the of another. Press that of its recessed The the selected Turn to the or right to the The immediately the selected of about +5C the to sufficiently cold. Compartment -18C to the of food. the back its recessed The switched back to the or Please warning and to of the to +15C stand-by section: Stand-by Initial warmer +5C to +10C to +2C Initial warmer (-18C) (to -15C) (to -24C)
FAST CHILL/FAST FREEZE FAST CHILL The FAST CHILL function cooling of of the and party. To switch the FAST CHILL function first the the The of its recessed The flashing shows the tor Press FAST CHILL/-FREEZE "IC" appears the cooling. to its recessed The to "IC", the FAST CHILL function the FAST CHILL function SET of +2C cally selected. The FAST CHILL function of hours. At the of this the the the originally SET You the FAST CHILL function manually wing the which the FAST CHILL function. FAST FREEZE The FAST FREEZE function of fresh food and the protects previously the To the FAST FREEZE function the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE the FAST FREEZE function switched the light to the lights The when the free- and switches off the FAST FREEZE function to hours, the tity of food to
You the manually pressing the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE The FAST FREEZE function switched when the tor the recessed Switching the Appliance to the switching off (child-proof). and switched off of another. To switch off and the ON/OFF about seconds. "count the which counts backwards from to reached the switches off. the off. If the to from service Switch off and holding the ON/OFF about seconds. the or switch off. Defrost and thoroughly section: and Cleaning"). defrosting to of
Stand-by the stand-by the the +15C. stand-by therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the stand-by leaving the closed to the of and mould. To the stand-by first that freed from its recessed Turn anticlockwise as as Indicated the increased to +10C. The +10C +15C. The the stand-by Press back recessed the when the The about +15C when the stand-by This too food
and Information The and information of warning and acoustic warning. The the the or too high; or thawing of functional the Warning The warning flashes and sounds, as as the the or the to than 5C the selected of than 5C caused by: of with of foods; high of the The warning switched off with the WARNING OFF ton. Both warning and switched off, when the the and/or the to 4C warmer than the selected The warning tone switches off hour, the ACTUAL than C with the SET The warning light to flash. The and the the to the selected reached;
Partial/Complete Thaw Warning If the or temporary the flashes. the indicates: the highest to which the warmed; and the the If the of or thawing should the of the foods. as the the below the thawing of -4C, the thaw warning switched off with the WARNING OFF ton. Function If the technical malfunction which to corrected service technician, both and acoustic activated. the respective indicates: F1 through F7) and the malfunction which indicated corrected service technician. The acoustic warning switched off hours with the WARNING OFF the Compartment If the closed when the ration, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
shelf the track the and trays. It this that and fresh The shelves to heights: the or and To height the the front of the and of the shelf. bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles.
To this the bottle upwards, then the front the The pulled and and other as and tray-set The and with included with included with with and the bottle the of bottles.
Correct physical reasons, the tor The the lowest shelf immediately the and trays. Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the wing yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to colder further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained free of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which only and the Warning! foods the the -18C or Please indicated capacity the rating The capacity the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating foods which further (cooked the the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE ton hours to or to hours lights The FAST CHILL/-FREEZE of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to thaw. The when the FAST FREEZE function and switch off automatically. light You the FAST FREEZE function manually the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick
The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps because of packages, because these quickly. foods to the with or Warning! of the with the of -18C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type The with index-tabs which attached to the to the of the index-tabs that they cover the section: Preparation of Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! which to the with pointed or or
The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high attaching the included index-tabs to the they to which type of foods the Defrosting The The the defrosting the as based and the of Defrosting or the of the of when the the of and of The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the operation and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or this
Defrosting The should defrosted when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once defrosting when the empty, or only loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE ton, to the interruption operation. with as this or frost/freezer burns them layers of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off and and from the the the cover the section). the directly front of the to the from defrosting and the to the defrosting process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly the as as section: and
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning If the only to cleaned, the FAST CHILL/-FREEZE hours to the the service. the Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and free from Cleaning the with Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. of the increases this reason the the back of the ance once with or cleaner.
light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF about seconds. the To the light the head screw and the light the light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
Something Working service force the following to the The the too high. flashes, warning sounds, (F1, F2, flashes, indicated the function. The lighting switches off The continuously Sympto Check there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the thermostat turned to the to tions. Switch the warning off pressing the WARNING OFF Please of the indicated and inform the service the Please to the section and Information Please to Light section. the thermostat to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that ted.
of frost. to Normal Sounds The the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Sympton If the airtight the hinges) apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its This the of Something Working
Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force routed to the Service covering to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the (F1, F2 displayed) of purchase (PNC) This information found the rating the of the the Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or telephone: Customer AEG High Street SL1 1DZ
Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The month when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover The covers or which to workmanship or The cover where or performance to installation, or attempted or to and the tion This cover such as light glasswar or Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this
Conditions If should to another country within then with to to the following lifications: The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK Newbury
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG