SANTO Integrating and Instructions AEG D-90327
with Please the which apply to (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following instructions operation please the- operating instructions They information Please these operating instructions reference. them These operating instructions with technically Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with Additional information and of and concerning and sound of the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not futher AEG Service Force the and of the the with the flower. to owners of the the appear this chapter Service and section. who thinks acts accordingly Printed with sound
Appliance Information of Appliances of the Starting and switch shelves food and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Switching off the Cleaning and Something Not Working the light Service and Conditions Location the Housing Instructions building-in Regulations,
reference. These the interests of Please this instruction the and ty, them the and of food, as as If the The the It the other than those or incor- rectly, the or to the reasons of to that caused. the should the of please The within the of the with high of and of the that of the of the become thoroughly the which the If the should become and of ignition; which nevertheless of children Please to the off the and or catches, to allow children to with the or with the from
with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high Ice or burns food with to the the cleaning the switch off the and the from the from the electricity supply. the the ght from the the Service food. cover (D) (B) PR167/1 If the to the of the the screws the fixing (E), the as shown the and the screws. should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force D735 >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which free of The from and should of The plastics and as follows: recycling location. sound. Appliance Information This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) (including 92/31/EWG) EMV This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February The the of this 89/336/EWG Regulations,
cover (C) (A) reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service Warning! of them from the or Council or Health Office to there or to children trapped to the to as authorised of Appliances C PR33 the and the the (B) (A). togeth- the and the and the as cated the the and with from the outer of the the the and with the screws supplied. and from the of the The and the protected Can shelves C food Thermostat fresh food Compartment shelves of the PR167 At the of it necessary to the of Should of the necessary, the clearance the properly. of C PR168
the of the with with bonate of to of or the the internal lighting switched The located the right The should chosen that the The the and If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should the to or this as the fresh food the the Lowest as the the thoroughly. Hightest (warmest regulated. of the to or the often the -the of food Starting and Apply covers (B) the D726 High and the to the to switch If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. continuously. C A, B, C, as shown the PR266 (A) the of the the and as shown the and the of the the with the screws supplied. D710 With below +16C the function correctly. If the than +16C to switch (A). The light PR166
Apply the as shown Instructions building-in the front of the and of the To height the the it The the and should to and fresh The shelves or and to shelf. D765 the housing (A) touches the D338 D023 The pulled and and other as with which and sideways. The the the to To the of the with the upwards and of the the and the of the the height. the shelf the and the the of the (C) and cover (D) the included with the the the with screws to that of hinges. C D723
Meat types): polythene and the cover or the food, food or the food that freely round To the performance: the hints: food Unscrew the and Unscrew the (B) and the spacers (C) and them the hin- of the the hin- the the Unscrew the and the and them the and the the the (A). the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle onions and garlic, airtight the the this or the C The the C or colder Please the the rating The free- capacity the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please of to of that the rating The of the food when You fresh food yourself. right through to the as as food. and food Housing
This should location where the to the indicated the The following shows which each which located the of the Location the or their and that of Allow food to cool The foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher Bottles and the They burst when the high foods tight to that they food with Please the specified the increased formation and increase the the other to the food. The should located atmosphere, of sunlight and from heat and to or or outhouse. If these warmer or colder, then the building-in and instructions please to the instructions the following correctly. of to C SN to C reasons, Attention: tion as shown clear of obstruction; hours the food without the thermostat To within the the food the food to the food items already otherwise the fresh food, the switch (A) The light At the of the process, to the switch to increase of the foods the type, as as food to the The the from the right (factory Warning! the the the connected to the from the to the the D567 the the of or malfunction, the lengthen the amount of the food to become too hours. The this efficiently it the the front, the food. You There of the the cooling
the with the To the the or to that to the pointed or the supplied. seconds. and to Preparation of Cubes The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS to this should WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED or used. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high Defrosting The coloured connected to the N or The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured connected to the L or there or stray of and Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of the the sheath. The wires the coloured with the with the coloured the terminals the of the the of this and Earth as follows: coloured coloured red. AMP. FUSE GREEN YELLOW BROWN AMP from the of the The through trough the back of the located the where every the CORD CLAMP BLUE D207
The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The covers or which to workmanship or The where or to faulty.installation, unauthorised or attempted or to and Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the customers of or AEG the the If should to another country within then with The the and to the and as The and with instructions and please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service This cover such as light or plastic. within the Community (EC) or The account regulations country. AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this repairs become the property of AEG. The or free includes both and This relates to and to another The from the first purchased The purchasers rights affected this of and to and the country of this or of products. to to the following the instruction The cover domestically, household. tation. UK Conditions Conditions that the located the of the the to the overflowing to the which already foods the the To switch off the the to Defrost and clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and as as trays. If the to the to the of or from the electricity supply. the or switch off. and The of the defrosted Switching off the Cleaning and which shock! reasons the including carrying cleaning or the the with cleaner. The back service. to the of should cleaned regularly. from the electricity supply. Warning! Warning! Ethereal and or the from cleansers which butyric
allow such to with food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply.. cleansers. If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning: to Service and Clean the and the with and with of to of Commercially used. the the of the Clear with the of the cleaning included with the the thoroughly. Please type of telephoning. This information found the plate the the The and 3.Clear and of the and Customer the telephone to know: (S-No.) (PNC) What the of purchase of the everything the back service. the near or other of warmth. High the and the back foods the Allow foods to food the to The the food the than necessary. than necessary. of the cover then to cool the tion of the first. AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer to this recorded the below or www.aeghome.co.uk. High Slough, SL1 1DZ Customer AEG Appliances
If, carrying the there with customers should that the as the charge the Please that of purchase service please AEGService Force mechanical or breakdown. If the functioning correctly, please the following Repairs should service Repairs inexperienced or serious AEG Service Force Warning! Something Not Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and Light V, Unhook the light as To switch off the the to To the light the the light cover and the the back screw from the light cover. the light the shown. screw. tion. the light blown or Switch the Appliance switched Symptom or Appliance Please the "Initial section. the only as as necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to colder Turn the to warmer too cold. Appliance cools too of food the within the hours. properly The food too AEG65 Please the location" section. sections of the with the than C). At the the rectly. Please the the Light section. Light tight the The heat lighting of frost, the The of the "Cleaning and section. Water Water the or shelves. This occurred. The immediately the