Instructions SANTO
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance Cold ALARM OFF to Initial Initial COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC Switching the Appliance
and Information Warning Function the Compartment Correct Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The defrosted Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the light Something Not Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or using this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the If the supply from Service Force that the or the back of the overheat and fire. If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become
Instructions If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the Child allow to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the to the fire and/or shock. Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which compounds and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the
to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back wheels and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the the the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to Appliance The Please the turning the the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the installed. Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the plinth from the to the right. the the and the screw the the top of the With the closed, the head screws from the and the bearing the from the right to the the to the front and
The Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the to the Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the the screws as the
Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the screws as the the self-closing to the of the the the top bear- and the bearing the of the and to the housing. The
The the self-closing the top of the the the and the with the the of the and the and the plinth.
Appliance of Appliance and with defrosting the as collecting and plate
Appliance included below the the and the The and their The then or Cold with the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The effective when the front of the defrosting the the top of the food to cold. The cool to the of food to the section to Initial the of the
ON/OFF and ON/OFF light COOLMATIC and COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC cooling the FROSTMATIC and FROSTMATIC light (yellow) FROSTMATIC the ALARM OFF and warning light (red) section: and Information Appliance
Appliance buttons The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. These buttons to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. If pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the or the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the or the The ACTUAL cated with numbers. Once the COOLMATIC- or the FROSTMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally the or the operation, the currently the or the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the or the currently (DESIRED If there the the shows: or the of the the or the of the the The displays shows of information.
ALARM OFF With the ALARM OFF the acoustic switched off, the warning when or the food to or there the the ALARM OFF activated, the the warmest the food reached. to Initial the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and The correctly with the "Installation" operation the first should that the and with the rating the from the the the of C reached, and allow to hours the the or the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial Press the ON/OFF The lights warning tone sounds and the flashing warning light that the reached. The displays shows the and The and then automatically. Press the ALARM OFF to switch off the warning the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. the to C or colder section: with of C reached, or the warning light
With the the the and the of another. Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) button. The immediately the the the C. the C to C. the C to C, C From food of C the and C the should enough as Once the the and the ACTUAL the or The from flashing to numbers. Please the warning and to of the
COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and or The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The then to the originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function of fresh food products, and the protects previously the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC The light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light
Switching the Appliance and switched off of another. To switch off the the ON/OFF This countdown from to the displays. On reaching the and switch off. The displays and the light off. Switching off the To switch off the the the OF shown the Then and the countdown from to the the On reaching the switch off. The off. Switching off the To switch off the the the OF shown the Then and the countdown from to the the On reaching the switch off. The off. The only completely disconnected from the electricity supply when the from the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off and holding the ON/OFF the or switch off. Defrost and clean the thoroughly section: and the to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently Press the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food
and Information The and information of displays, and acoustic warning. The when first switching the (when the attained); when the the the or too high; there functional with the If the or the warning and acoustic warning tone sound seconds the the If to or rearrange or foods, switch off the tone the ALARM OFF ton. If the the tone sound the of the of If the than the warning tone switch off automatically. The warning off when the closed. Warning the The flashes and tone sounds as as the the to than C. You switch off the tone the ALARM OFF Both and switched off, when the the to than C. this, the warning tone switches off passed.
the The flashes and warning tone sounds as as the the to than C. the flashes. You switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF The flashing and displays the that reached the the seconds the to the The warning tone switches off the the to than C. The warning light and the to flash. passed. The and the to flash. If the of or thawing should the of the foods. caused by: of with of foods; high with the Function If the the technical that to rectified the customer, the indicates: or the of the the or the of the the the Compartment If the closed when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
the the and It this that and fresh The shelves to heights: the or and To height the items: the front of the and then of items the below. The pulled and and other as The sections the the the or to the of the as required.
If the the of the the right further the the or The the that groceries bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, the The the lowest immediately the Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the shelf immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to colder further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and free of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which and the fresh food. Warning! foods the the C or colder. Please indicated the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating of food, the tion the front the top the foods which further (cooked the the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of of to tight to that they or their and that of other touch with to the the with already otherwise the to The switch the FROSTMATIC tion off of hours. The yellow light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC
Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these quickly. foods to the with or Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high
Preparation of Cubes with and and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with pointed or or Defrosting The defrosted The the defrosting the every the The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or pointed this The should when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once when the empty, or loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the interruption tion.
with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off the and from the or from the electricity supply. the the directly front of the to the from defrosting. the from its resting the of the and as shown. to the defrosting process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly the interior, as as section: and and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered.
the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning! highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from cleansers which allow such to with products.
Cleaning If the only to cleaned, the FROSTMATIC hours to the the interruption service. the Press the FROSTMATIC hours to the food the interruption service. with to the food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool the top of the food to cold. Switch off the and from the or from the electricity supply. Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. To the the the the and the and to they clean and from the the of the chamber with the of of wire. Cleaning Warning! There the of the should when cleaning. products the outer with and thoroughly. household to the This protective and Cleaning
and Cleaning allow the to with the the as them. of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner. everything back service. the light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF the lights off. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light and the head screw.
Something Not Working Service Force the following to the Appliance too The the too high. shows or Warning tone sounds, flashing. Warning tone sounds, warning and flashing. Water the or the shelf Water and function. The lighting switches off Symptom there the there checking the household lights. the too cold. Temporarily higher the within the operating the to There function Please Service Force the of the warning. Please and Information section. warning Please and Information section. Please to Light section.
of frost. The continuously to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The Symptom If the airtight the apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. This the of
This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without