RJPK1824
information hints and information the of and to the and first the this user including its hints and To and to that people the ance thoroughly with its and features. these instructions and that they with the or that everyone through its properly and the of and property the of these instructions as the caused Children and people This with reduced physical, or or of and knowl- they or struction concerning of the their Children should to that they with the from There of suffocation. If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to themselves If this featuring to (latch) the or to that the This from becoming death child. and cleaning What to Technical Warning! the or the built-in clear of obstruction. The and/ or household as this instruction mechanical or to the thawing other (such as of they this the the The with- the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the ance, that of the of the become If the should become and of thoroughly the which the ance It to the specifications or this to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. Warning! cord, service or service to lengthened. to without
that the or the back of the or heat and fire. that to the of the the If the the There of shock or fire. You the without the cover of This heavy. should when items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. prolonged of the to sunlight. this selected household only. They household mination. the the ance. and the ance, they food products directly the outlet the food once food with the food instructions. Appliance's tions should strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which to to the If the cover If the If the If frost burns straight from the and cleaning switch off the and the from the the with to frost from the the the If necessary, the If the the of the follow the instructions Unpack the and there the aged. immediately to the bought that It to least four hours necting the to allow the to back the should around the ance, this leads to overheating. To follow the instructions to Wherever the back of the should to touching or catching to burn. The located to or that the the of the to supply only. Service to the servicing of the should or
This serviced authorized Service and used. Protection This which the its or insulation The Switching the the Turn the clockwise to Switching off To off the the tor to the "O" The regulated. To the as follows: the to the coldness. the higher to the coldness. Cleaning the using the the first the and internal with and as to the typical of then thoroughly. food The fresh food and and food To fresh foods to the operation, the higher to the coldness. this the might below 0C. If this together with the refuse and The insulation the to the to from authorities. the cooling the the heat The this the the However, the should chosen that the the often the the of food the location of the If the high or the loaded, and the to the lowest continuously causing frost to the rear this the to higher to allow defrosting and therefore reduced or as these the finish. the to warmer of food first or of the products the the least hours the higher
the of defrosting, to the off than the shown the technical characteristics chart the food or cooked immediately and then cooling). or food, to used, the or the this ation. cooked directly from the this cooking hints and Normal Sounds You hear and sound when the through the or This correct. the the around and hear whirring sound and from the This correct. The thermic might crack- It physical phe- This correct. the switches or switches off, hear "click" of the tor. This correct. the or than necessary. If the high and the to and the loaded, the causing frost or the If this the warmer to allow defrosting and electricity fresh food To the performance: food or the shelves The of the with of that the shelves as shelves ted the to them to the the to cover or the food, food that freely around hints: Meat types) polythene and the the this or the foods, dishes, these should and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or thene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the To the of the process, hints: the of food which shown the rating the hours. further food to should this top fresh and thoroughly cleaned,
food to to and completely and to to thaw only the required; the food or polythene and that the airtight; allow fresh, food to food which already of the foods and than ones; reduces the of food; ices, immediately from the possibly the to burnt; to the each to to of the and cleaning the carrying operation. This its cool- and recharging there- authorized technicians. cleaning The to cleaned regularly: the and with and the and to they and free from and thoroughly. or and/or the cleaning products or to the as this the and strong Clean the and the the back of the with This operation the performance of the and electricity of to the cooling of food To the performance from this should: that the the that from the to the the shortest the or than absolutely necessary. Once defrosted, food and the indicated the food cleaners chemicals that the plastics this this reason recommended that the casing of this only cleaned with with cleaning, the to the supply. Defrosting of the from the of the every the The through trough the back of the the where It to the the of the to the overflowing and the food the which already the
Defrosting the amount of frost the shelves and around the top Defrost the when the frost reaches thickness of about To the frost, these Switch off the food, of newspaper and cool the defrosting completed, the thoroughly and the Switch the the to the and the or three hours this the previously food the If the to once while to the food from of What to Warning! troubleshooting, the from the or the troubleshooting that this The The The The The connected to the correctly. The There the The The stand-by. and the The to the The operates continually. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The switched off. Switch the The correctly. higher to off frost from the as mechanical or to the thawing other than those recommended the of the food their life. of the the following the from electricity supply food and the and the to There sounds the the four should the the to the correctly. ance to the
The too The too high. the to The too high. Decrease the Water flows the of the Water flows the tor. Products that to the Water the ground. The the the The the ance too The the ance too high. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The too high. the to products the The the too high. The the too high. There too frost. Food wrapped correctly. the food correctly. The closed correctly. to "Closing the The correctly. the the the to the cover the cover the with of the and specifically only. the cover. the defrosting frost the The outlet clogged. Clean the The correctly. The correctly. There the Products too to each other. products that there the the that the the than necessary. This correct. that products the the to the higher products the that there tion the higher
Technical Height The technical information the rating plate the internal of the and the the Information" and of the the Positioning This or also, ance this location where the to the cated the rating plate of the SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +16C to 38C +16C to 43C Closing the Clean the If necessary, the to tion". If necessary, the the Service Rear spacers the with the there spacers which as shown the the the that the arrow (A) as shown the Turn counter-clock- the spacers through they
the ance that This the front. The should from of heat such as boilers, sunlight that freely around the back of the To performance, the ance below the the top of the and the least Ideally, howev- the should below or the of the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves reversibility To the following operations, that this with another that firm the of the the operations. Warning! It to the from the supply; the therefore easily To the of the these
the from the the of the the Unscrew the screw and the On the the covers. If to that: screws tightened. The and correctly. If the the perfectly to the that the of the the them slightly and the Unscrew the top holding Tighten the that the On the the covers. Screw the back the other and Reposition, the the least four and then to the to the tioned operations, the Force. The Service the reversibility of the Unscrew both and the screws of the the and the the the and the the
that the and shown the rating plate to supply. The earthed. The supply with this If the supply earthed, The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the to earth with regulations, The responsibility the This with the E.E.C. Directives. the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the
www.electrolux.com/shop