OPERATING AND INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR ELECTROLUX REFRIGERATORS TYPE A310 MODEL RM 123E (Bottled and Operation) MODEL RM 122F (Bottled and Operation)
IMPORTANT USER INFORMATION It that this instruction should retained with the reference. Should the or to another owner, that the with the that the with the functioning of the and the These the of You them or the This to operated Children should allowed to with the or with the to this should This should serviced authorised Service and should used. It to the specifications or this to that the the supply to specifically the of only. There this which heat that there as to this and food instruction. which heat should exposed, Wherever the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. defrosting, cleaning or to switch off the and The this through which the If these this would and food toss. DO NOT USE SHARP INSTRUMENTS to off frost or should forced off the Ice should allowed to thaw when defrosting the instructions. The should hours installation turned to allow to of the absorption type which turned immediately. This heavy. should when Ice frost burns straight from the food once Manufacturers' food should. strictly to. to instructions. or the as the which to to the should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. to Service and GENERAL GUIDE TO FITTING ANY PLUG the of the correctly. should the the to the outer sheath, or the insulation surrounding the conductors. screws. the top cover of the and
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INSTALLATION INTRODUCTION to the please these instructions to thorough of what required. heat from of the cooling the and this to freely the back of the To satisfactory operation, that the clearances these instructions reduced otherwise cooling impaired. the with these instructions, should satisfactorily to $2C (90F), with of cooling to about 35C (95'F). It recommended that the the the or another who to the themselves the of they the and the and regulations concerning such installations with. already with recess, the of which specially that of its and shelves, to house of to of their the as shown with the The cock, and as the of these to installations. The should, however, readily from the or item The and the which of carrying this that of the food, satisfactorily. and to the and and below the housing should of, or covered with, or other IMPORTANT On motorised the from leading from to and breathers. WARNING of the associated with the of operating bottled-gas with and other the of their bottled-gas and covered the Company's however, boat the reference should to British and to the Thames Water Authority and Specification Also, published Water Authorities, or the $hip and National Federation. It should noted that from VENTILATION The built to the to efficiently, that allowed to freely the cooling the back to the heat the cooling The and the therefore, reduced The provided, and the the the performance from the cooling IMPORTANCE OF LEVELLING The of within the cooling and the reasonably when stationary, the cooling' to properly. If the operating with of about of within the or of the It therefore, that the that the ice-tray the relation to the both that when the the ice-tray
to cooling rear FIG. CHANGING DOOR HINGES TO OPPOSITE SIDE The with the the right however, to required. Gently the its back to the assembly), off the then the the screws from each and catch from top of the and catch to their the top of the and the to the the of the screws, then the its that the the the the of the CHANGING OUTER DOOR PANEL If the outer and of or to match other It of or To this the Its back, and the section of the screws. The existing then and and the section to the The should from to thick, and high. DIMENSIONS OF REFRIGERATOR The of the of the to house the when building-in, to item BUILDING-IN While the built-in, and to allow of the cooling the back satisfactory operation. The recommended of shown with the the front. where the to the front; the shown and the height of the reduced accordingly. work-surface then the top front of the the where with the of the catch. the Recess The the to of of about (W) (which should to the installation), screwed to the rear of the of the existing cooling fixing screws and to the of the
Alternatively, screwed to the of the recess, from front to back, bearing the top of the to firmly, as shown A, Whichever used, to the easily servicing The or where they the the cooling they the the of the of the cooling the rear, otherwise impaired and performance affected. the To the screw of to each of the recess, back from the front as shown B, the to the with screw through the each Additional To reduce the amount of heat the when warmer (A, the of the vehicle, preferably the of the top of the (The used). and to the and and below the housing should of, or protected by, or other VENT HOLE UNDER REFRIGERATOR of than effective or the below the as shown The should directly to the through the or that, the of would outlet the heavier-than It should too to the where the On installations, the should shielded of as shown with its "closed" facing the front of the The should from of to the FLUE ARRANGEMENT The the of the its that the of the the of the the The top of the the of and the top of the The correctly the and should become If the or incorrectly located, the cooling properly to the to the top of the casing should
The directly to the the ELECTROLUX with the the United recommended this It consists of the following Top Complete Plate -B Complete The top (G) the of "T" and incorporates to the of to Leading from the flue-top, the (F) to through the of the vehicle to the to the the of the of the the and outer of the to the the amount of the back of the and the of the vehicle as as the thickness of the each type of to therefore each to the to that the that when the with the of the top. The enough to allow the insertion of of around the as shown the the otherwise the the outlet cover completely.
the the the (F) to shortened to the To this necessary, the top (G) to the top of the of the casing and of the screw (H). the then the free of the through the of the and the of the flue-top as as Measure the 'X' of from the this to the other of the as shown 'Y' and right through the this to the to the length. If the or the vicinity of the to from or other of to that, when the plate the outlet with the back of the It to the than as this the becoming cooled and (which the of combustion) the and back the insulation and At this to items and to the 12V and bottled these finally the (F), that the through the of the vehicle surrounded as shown the of the outlet and the of the to of the cover of screws. It to the cover and the the of ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION On RM123, the of the cooling with heaters, rated 75W, 230V electricity, and the 12V the when the RM 230V heater fitted. The and account and of operation, that the to and the effectively earthed. the with IEE including the of outlet and to BS 4343/CEE (where fitted) The the to 12V supply, battery. the connected directly to the vehicle's or to existing 12V the vehicle which continuously and switched off when the switched off. to the supply when the vehicle unhitched, the connected to the The of the therefore the that operating other the such as the lights, the to the battery, that polarity the and'-'must connected to the terminals of the battery. The should least cross-sectional and or should the wire, as to the as
to 230V electricity supply, the which to properly earthed and The outlet should the readily to the within reach of the lead. the United the and should of the type. IMPORTANT The wires the of this coloured with the following GREEN-AND- YELLOW= EARTH BLUE=NEUTRAL BROWN=LIVE the of the wires with the coloured the terminals the United as follows: The which coloured GREEN-AND-YELLOW connected to the the which with the or the earth or coloured or greenand-yellow. The Which coloured BLUE connected to the which with the or The which coloured BROWN connected to the which with the or coloured red. WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED the United the or to the with greater than If (BS fused used, should with other countries the rating the and 12V and 12V, the of the with heating connected to attached to the back of the the the the 12V supply should connected to the leaving enough insertion and of the servicing The connecting least cress-sectional and should as as Polarity therefore which round the wires connected to the the switch or and should the the that the readily from the 12V supply when 12V operation required, To (which would the performance of the cooling the the 12V supply should directly to the terminals of the the vehicle and to the or Existing the should the supply as this would normally and of carrying the of the satisfactorily. The chassis or of the should as of the wires otherwise to or The of the however, of of the wires the 'earth' the to with
grease, from the of and should located protected from the weather, such as the incorporated the supply to the as to the as should which the without operating the relatively high and to this of whilst the and charging the otherwise the become to where it the operation thermostatically and the heater the the connected to the 12V and switches the to the of to the operating when the strongly recommended that relay the with the switch, that when the switched off, the switched off GAS CONNECTION The should It recommended that the feeding the and that to off the supply to ether than the when they The supply should preferably of ether used, of type with continuously operating bottled and threaded throughout. used. the of type permanently operating of this type the United should of type specifically the used. Screwed should sealed with with bottled The supply should connected to the B.S.P (located the of threaded coupling below. The B.S.P thread. (Access to the off the of the then the the screws the the location of the supply to of to the the the the recess. The should of and that when the then of the and the to the supply or to another of from the the to the recommended that cock of type bottled incorporated the supply which readily to the servicing the should the of the cock and the should that as to the from readily
the connected, should applying them and with. of the gas-bottle and cocks the turned DO NOT USE FLAME. Thereafter, should the to that they INSTUCTIONS FOR USE INTRODUCTION To satisfactory operation, that the and as directed this instruction The and below the reduced or otherwise the performance of the cooling impaired the operating, through the of the cooling the influence of To satisfactory flow to the reasonably from to and from front to back, otherwise instead of flowing back to the and the cooling impaired or
the and pitching motion, hill normally the of the cooling to affected unduly, when the than about of than about relay with the operation. to about the of or the of If the cooling usually when the to the upright S, the should extinguished or the electricity supply disconnected, as the occurred otherwise the cooling become to overheating of the the to with the the should both that the This with the ice-tray the from with the of If to the vehicle and to of than hour. The should temporarily turned off. initially that the both relation to the which to the operations, the instance, (or permanently fixing) or where whilst the to of the and therefore the GAS PRESSURE using the bottled that the of and that to with the of and to the 16.STARTING THE REFRIGERATOR the first it to the and its as The bottled includes lighting which the when the or flints to this the that the of operation off' as the should operated both the If the to stationary that the turning the from to another, the first Lighting the that from the bottle and the supply to the the to to the Turn the to the then this about to seconds to clear from the initially, or bottle. to the to clear the from the the the which operates the the lights. to the further seconds to allow the thermocouple the to heat
Release the then that the alight the If the the lighting The which off the to the the blown While the this temporarily Lighting the with with the follow Item to then its follows:- Switch the switch the right-hand the The light the switch should Fleshing, Indicating that Turn the to the then this the lights, the tight the switch flashing and this the further seconds the thermocouple the to heat then release the If the light the switch flashing that the this operation the the switch the 'On' the to of instance, the then immediately and re-light the If the re-light within about the and off the flow of to the burner-The light the switch to flash, however, to that something or that the bottle Emergency Lighting Procedure Although the to 12V battery, from 9V If the recommended the using type PP3, PP7, PP9, or battery, as If this '+'and'-' polarity otherwise the (230V RM123 only. IMPORTANT electricity supply to that the supply effective earth and that polarity relation to the, the overseas to earth and polarity of the connected supply. (There of polarity and Earth Continuity the this To the electricity, that the the switch and the 12V supply off. the to the electricity supply and switch Turn the thermostat that or the
VOLT ELECTRIC OPERATION the recommended that the operated electrically, from the 12V the vehicle, and of bottled It to that 12V operation to whilst the and charging the battery, and when otherwise the to where the the than relatively about hour, the should the from the 12V supply and required, bottled or electricity. operation 12V, the of the cooling with heating connected to the back of the 12V thermostatically therefore the cooling the the to the 12V supply. 12V while the over-cooling of the comparatively involved. If overcooling the disconnected as necessary). The the and to supply the from the the should with item of the section. To the 12V, that the off, then together the and installation, and switch switches the to the operating the 12V, should pre-cooled, together with its bottled hours to 12V and TEMPERATURE REGULATION the about hour the ice-tray shows of cooling. The four and and representing three of and The amount of cooling the the of used. It to the with the the hour or it turned to the or to the cooling the weather, or with heavy food or the or usually weather necessary to the to the as necessary, there or of operating electricity, the thermostatically and the thermostat should with or the then the weather, or cooling turn the to higher cooling, to STORING FOOD IN THE REFRIGERATOR half-depth shelves together to shelf (with the that its the back), or they the four locations the to bottles the front. To and the of from food to another, foods covered or the of (temporarily) the items to them. food the to the catch when the to ICE-MAKING the ice-tray with to within inch from the top, and its the the the released from the corner. operating the temporarily turned to the TRAVEL CATCH The catch to the securely closed when the vehicle the to the catch that its the the top of the off.
DEFROSTING and the ice-tray shelf. It to that of frost colder the operation, the should regularly- usually about once or the of To off the the the icetray and the The frost and the the and of the ice-tray shelf, the the and relight the the ice-tray, with fresh and to of fire or other of heat as this the CLEANING Clean the thoroughly as necessary. Turn off the the and as The and its then cleaned with cloth of of and Finally, with cloth and thoroughly. that than and them to heat. NEVER USE STRONG CHEMICALS, ABRASIVES, OR HIGHLY PERFUMED CLEANING MATERIALS ON ANY PART OF THE REFRIGERATOR. the and re-light the WHEN NOT IN USE Whenever to of off the or from the 12V supply, as Empty the and as Clean and thoroughly the and and the otherwise the to which to CONSUMPTION The the of the below. IF THE REFRIGERATOR FAILS TO WORK the following service technician: That the "STARTING THE REFRIGERATOR" instructions followed. The and If to the of the of If the to That the bottle empty. That If the to 12V, That the 12V supply connected to the That the the 12V supply intact. That the 12V switch If the to 230V, That the 230V supply connected to the That the intact. That the thermostat switched to the 'off'
If the enough because: The owing to such as or winter covers the The frosted The incorrect. The incorrect the the The too high. Too food the The properly closed. More than of the If the properly, service The sealed cooling chemicals high MAINTENANCE Inspect the hose cracks or Couplings tested using If there of service technician. that service technician the once SOME USEFUL HINTS MAKE SURE THAT The operating 12V when the vehicle otherwise the battery Defrosting The clean and with the when it to or items with packaged. The The of the catch when the the of operation to the SERVICE AND SPARE PARTS Service and from or the of the telephone directory.