A/AE/2-1. PERFECT IN FORM AND FUNKTION instructions TK SANTO
Dear switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "TechnicalTerminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should ServiceForce Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information........................................................................................7 of Appliances.....................................................................................................7 Location the the the Compartment of the Appliance of the Appliance............................................................................................................15 the Appliance Switching the Appliance Correct and Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically Cleaning and
What to Correcting Malfunctions.......................................................................................................24 the Light Regulations, Technical Terminology Service and Customer
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning- and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other
Instructions the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. Warning- the and/or Warning- to the function of the cover or the Warning- the cooling Warning- mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of wastepaper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other life- The of with or refuse. The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
this located atmosphere, from heatsources, and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the If of least and (A/B) the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The beat least and should the the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards Unscrew the holding and
The the the the front of the If the washer the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the the to the back and to the or the touching the ground. Unscrew both the front. Dismount the the the right To this, the three screws, and the together with the the screw the and screw the right the while slightly Unscrew the and screw the the back its
the the as the the the the the and the with the screw. the front and the the upright the from the to the right, and the with the with the To the as follows: screw covers fitted) and screws. the using punch. the to the and screws (covers fitted), and the with the the where the fitted.
the Compartment the to the of the food as Proceed as follows. Press the the the together with the then from the of the the and the free the other the turned the the of the the of the the then the its together with the
The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the outlet installation of the the installation include of isolating the from the or with of The only or If please Service Force
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. Important!The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of
of the Appliance of the Appliance food Defrost Plate Ice light/Thermostat
the Appliance the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to installation. the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat to the of usually operation thermostat the approximately hours the to reached food Thermostat The thermostat the the of the Thermostat from the higher the the the
Switching the Appliance To switch off the the to If the to and Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricitysupply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the
The pulled and and atother as Correct Below the recommended food types: food Ready-cooked foods products Fresh meat, Yoghurt, bottles, bottles,
and Food The and food. The the 18C or fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or
Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. try to that to the or the the Defrosting The Defrosts Automatically The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost The every the The the located below the where To overflowing the the the of the the back of the the the which already the While the becomes covered with frost. This frost, which acts as and the from reaching the food should whenever the thickness of the frost To defrosting as follows: food from the of newspaper and cool Turn the thermostat to To defrosting, of the (with of the as protection).
of as as defrosting completed, and thoroughly. Turn the thermostat to to the the least hour the previously food the defrosting to the foods from the and the of the food defrosting their life. to off frost from the as
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning Defrostingsection). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and cleaning with fresh and the the rearwall of the Clear with the of the included with the everything switch the back of the increases this reason the back of the once with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. colder than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance The The food too Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer temporarily. Please the and Regulation section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to temporarily. Please the location section.
lighting of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom Light airtight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water What to Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly. the the lightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the Light Should the light to as below: the from the electricity supply. the cover screws, then the cover off the of the arrow and the of the V, W, thread) the the cover, and screws and the to the electricity supply. The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It builtin and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or the below or Customer AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
A/AE/2-1.
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than around the AEG D-90327 to without