A/AE/13. PERFECT IN FORM AND FUNCTION instructions TK3 SANTO
Dear switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information........................................................................................7 of Appliances.....................................................................................................7 Location the of the Appliance of the Appliance............................................................................................................12 the Appliance Starting and buttons These buttons to the COOLMATIC Shelves........................................................................................................................14 Cleaning and Cleaning
What to Correcting Malfunctions.......................................................................................................18 Breakdown.................................................................................................................................19 the Light Regulations, Technical Terminology and Customer Conditions
Instructions These the interests of them or the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the cooling and of food. If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or using of the type. The with the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning- and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other
Instructions the household It therefore that and with the Operation with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Warning- the and/or Warning- to the function of the cover or the Warning- the cooling Warning- mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of wastepaper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other life- The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the The the the the front of the If the washer the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the connected to the from the the to the back and to the or the touching the ground.
Unscrew the both the screws fixing the respectively the screw the other off the it slightly Unscrew the top of the then screw the other the the the the holding plate the of the arrow. the the other leaving the of the unchanged. Then screw the screw the free the other as as the and the the the other and the covering the of this instruction the free. the and the
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Important!The the The should to the of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of
of the Appliance of the Appliance Defrost Plate Light/Thermostat and
the Appliance and the the Press the ON/OFF The light Press the or The switches to showing the Concerning food of 5C as enough. The and automatically. Attention! the the immediately defrosting that the reaches the switched the food immediately. 1.ON/OFF light 2.ON/OFF switch (to increase the buttons (to the 6.COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC The with the (warmer) and buttons. These buttons to the If the or the switch from the (constantly field) to the (flashing field). of the buttons the 1C.
the and neither pressed, the switch back to its function and the while (about seconds). The of food and +5C. The shows information: the the displayed the the the currently flashes the field. Attention! The field shows the with of hours. COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling amount of fresh food the and party. The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. The switches to of +2C. The COOLMATIC function off hours. The switches back to the originally which The of the the The COOLMATIC function turned off manually the COOLMATIC The light turning the COOLMATIC function the shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the swivelled upwards or and Please the to the height.
the recommended food types: Ready-cooked foods products meat, Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, food
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. of cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY SUPPLY. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Clean the of the trough and that the clear If clear of the to the the and to they and free from of the increases this reason clean the the back of the once with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused only that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance The The food too Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer temporarily. Please the Starting and section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to colder porarily. Please theInstallation location section.
lighting of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the The of the and of the the The occurred the of the the of the the of the following appear the Symptom the of the service arrive the and the the operating with the of Light airtight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This hasoccurred. Water or What to Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly. the the lightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the Light Should the light to as below: Disconnect the from the electricity supply. the screws, then the cover off the of the arrow and the of the V, W, thread) the the cover, and screws and the to the electricity supply. The following characteristic of Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Working. the Service Force to following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 to this recorded A/AE/13.
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 to without