A/AE/19. PERFECT IN FORM AND FUNCTION instructions TK3 Counter SANTO
customer, switching please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the following This the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information........................................................................................7 of Appliances.....................................................................................................7 Location the the of the Appliance of the Appliance............................................................................................................14 the Appliance To the Appliance...........................................................................................................15 Thermostat Switching the Appliance Accessories Shelves........................................................................................................................16 Cleaning and Cleaning What to Correcting Malfunctions.......................................................................................................20
the Light Regulations, Technical Terminology and Customer Conditions
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please that the the supply the supply authorised service or of the type. The with the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless Warning- and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other
Instructions children the household It therefore that and children with the This (including with reduced physical or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. touch food with to the food. Warning- the and/or Warning- to the function of the or the Warning- the cooling Warning- mechanical or other to defrosting they recommended the cleaning the switch off the and or from the electricity supply. the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of wastepaper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other life- The of with or The the heat the back of the The the or its that this treated as household should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the The and the protected off the the and right of the and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
operation this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the If outlet of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The beat least and should the the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws the right and the the slightly, about towards the rear, and off upwards To the top of the the screws the front-right- and and
The the the the front of the If the washer the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the to the from the the to the back and to the or the touching the ground. Unscrew the both the screws fixing the respectively the screw the other off the slightly Unscrew the top of the then screw back the other the the the the the of the arrow. the plate the other leaving the of the unchanged.
Then screw the screw the free the other as as the and upright the the other and the covering the of this instruction the the and the
The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the of the the include of the from the or with of The or If please Service Force
to this should or This earthed. The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the following and Yellow: Earth Brown: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Important!The the The should connected to the supply of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of
of the Appliance of the Appliance Defrost Plate Light/Thermostat shelf
the Appliance the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. cleaning products, or products containing To the Appliance Allow the to the and switch the supply. Turn the thermostat to the of thermostat the hours the to reached food Thermostat The thermostat the the of the Thermostat from the higher the the colder the
Switching the Appliance To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the shelf swivelled upwards or and Please the to the height.
the recommended food types: food Ready-cooked foods products Fresh Yoghurt, bottles, bottles,
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. the with cleaner. and there of to the of The switched back Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. of cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY SUPPLY. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or Clean the of the trough and that the clear If clear of the outlet to the the and to they and free from of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner.
the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force Appliance The The food too Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The near heat Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer temporarily. Please the Starting and Regulation section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to porarily. Please theInstallation location section.
lighting of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom Light defective. airtight (possibly the Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water What to Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. the the lightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the Light Should the light to as below: the from the electricity supply. the cover screws, then the cover off the of the arrow and the of the V, W, thread) the the cover, and screws and the to the electricity supply. Operation The following characteristic of Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV EEC Efficiency Directive) and its Clicks the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 9QQ to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, maintained, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
A/AE/19.
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 to without