S92358-KA2 Notice
instructions other functions to This (including with reduced physical, or or of and knowledge, they or instruction concerning of the their the The the of and the of with or without household with these instructions. If the other than that or unauthorised become and to functioning, only used. or the or They and and with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and or bottles the The bottles The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that to the operating or the of the WARNING the or the built-in clear of obstruction. WARNING mechanical or other to the defrosting process, other than those recommended the WARNING the WARNING the food of the they of the type recommended the WARNING to supply only.
The the or its that this treated as household Instead should to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please household service or the where purchased the instructions of the Appliance BEFORE USE the To the and the the Measuring the Switching off and other features HINT and TIPS Protect the Food MAINTENANCE and CLEANING the Cleaning Servicing and cleaning the Service To the of Defrosting the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION (to function). INSTALLATION Mounting the the Cleaning of the the the first
of the Appliance A. switch Switches the and off. B. Lights when the operating. C. D. buttons E. COOLMATIC Used to switch the Coolmatic and off. COOLMATIC ON/OFF ALARM OFF BC bottle shelf F. G. shut-off Used to the off. H. warning Flashes when of the the
BEFORE USE and clean the as the section "Installation". that the hose the of the the the the outlet and switching the the first upright about hours. the This allow the to to the the To the and the Press the ON/OFF-button. The lights. the Press the the flashes the (The +2C and +8C.) the lowers the Once the shows the the reaches +9C or below. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The the previously the the +5C. the of the The which the of 3-4C warmer than the ALARM OFF ON/OFF COOLMATIC
Measuring the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. Distribute to allow to freely the products. products the they cooled foods properly. Switching off To switch off and the ON/OFF second. "count the which counts backwards from to reached the switches off. the off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off and holding the ON/OFF approximately or switch off the supply. Clean thoroughly section: and to of ALARM OFF ON/OFF COOLMATIC
and other The warning lights and sounds warmer than -12C. Switching off the Press the switch-off The when becomes than -13C. Action cool (COOLMATIC) Coolmatic to of products. Coolmatic switched the to +2C. about hours, Coolmatic switched off and the to the previously It to switch off Coolmatic manually the Coolmatic once If the than the warning flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off The when the closed. This function areas. One with bottles the shelf, and the other with amounts of food the shelf. ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF ALARM OFF ON/OFF COOLMATIC ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF
Chilling of bottles: groceries the section; shelf) the should turned to then the Coolmatic The shows the and the yellow Chilling of groceries: This function with amounts of groceries the Pressing the Coolmatic this function. The shows the and the yellow this function activated forced the groceries, and the the to +2C. hours the Coolmatic off and the back to its function: The built-in that strong groceries other groceries without affecting their or I. Lights when the function activated. J. Used the choice of the and of the locking function. ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF MIN MAX
K. ordinary Used the choice of ordinary Switches the background lighting and off. Switches off the L. Lights when the M. Water out-feed Activated when or something upwards the N. O. Lighting The of the The locking function: The locking function activated the temporary the (J) about three seconds the (I) The locking function re-activated about three seconds. the (J) and (K) the about three seconds. The (J) or (K) lights to To the function: the (J) and (K) the about three seconds. Activation indicated the yellow (I) lighting Selecting and selection the (J) or the ordinary (K). The choice indicated the which lights The selection of while the
Water obtained or other the (N). Stop the the or from the (O). that or collected the below the the carbonated obtained, there when the The and when necessary. Lighting: The lighting (O) when obtained. that the Then the ordinary (K) about three seconds the The lighting then with about of its intensity. To switch off the that the Then the ordinary (K) about three seconds the lighting
the The with (L) which shows when to the the then the to about of its expected this recommended that the tor flashing, the to of its the without the the section "Service operation". The switched off the ordinary (K) about three seconds the The shelves and and easily re-arranged. shelves the to them to The and the the They to the with should with the facing the of the The to increase the of and reduce the of
shelf: The of the To the performance the should the from the top. HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there obstructions the from closing properly. Thaw food the This defrosting of foods and reduce the of the It to the the back of the with or cleaner. food to cool to the Protect the the and and to recycling station. or Health office information. as as cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the The easy and recycling.
Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and the and clean. MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the The to the the when the the of the Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the the from electricity supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from Cleaning cleaning the of coated. NOT
the outer with the the section the and the Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity the the front to scratching the Servicing and cleaning the cleaning with or necessary, the of the and the that from the using cloth and The cleaned with of If the off the to the that service to below C as cracking of the to If the to C. the to the through thoroughly off least three of If necessary, containing the through Service Force or through www.electrolux.co.uk. Service operation The as follows: of or dishcloth the the the turning clockwise. amount of off and the the section the the first The to switched off when the from Service Force the section "Service and
The as follows: the and the to the The obtained through To the The light switched when the the light the from the the around the the to the when the the with light to grease from the clear light of the type, E14 rating of W. of To the performance the should once with New purchased from The the and reached the cover. The cover turning the cover outward. The pulled of its The the existing The should from the Defrosting the The the formation by: the the or it too
the the from electricity supply. Empty foods and clean the leaving the to If the to to once while to the food from of the the the approximately C. the therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) button. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food products. SOMETHING NOT WORKING Service Force the following the occurred the service (The cooling to food products cold,
It too the It too the Water the Water the The operates continuously. The Cooling or light light. food products the right the the chapter the Distribute the food products to allow to around them. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer Clean the and the or bottle the hose the back of the the the chapter the the first warmer that the completely and that the and clean. The where the The properly connected. The The switched reach the connecting another to the
Sound too high. enough the Too the The empty. the off amount of (about Incoming too Water flow the the or when The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the operation of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion spacers the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the Incoming too off amount of (about The the The the the with ordinary the section "The Incoming too high. Capacity temporarily exceeded.
The and the yellow flashes the flashes. The and TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION 92358-KA2 Height Rated 50W (to function) The flow the and/or Highest the where to below The connected to The connected to the please Service Force The the of the expended. The of attained. with than If than reduction from
Unpacking Unpack the and that and free of the immediately of the recycling. information, council or the allow children to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the shelves the the the the of the of the of the and the and the and the Cleaning the of the using and cloth. Mounting the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the the screws as the
Connecting the The coupling connected to with inch thread. This to technician. The to with shut-off cock. There and the The hose cracked, or tight the its location, that the correctly that there the to the and that the four spacers properly the that the "run-off" and which to the to grounded V. A. to the rating the the
of On the to the of the life. The should the the turned The the the right of the and turning the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover. The should from the the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire.
To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location where the to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves SN ST that the hose the of the the The of the It to the of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +16C to +38C +16C to +43C
the the first The following should when the correctly connected to the supply the the the and the The and the to Unpack the and it as follows: the protective and the the seat and turn as shown the the and the the the the cover. the and the instructions the of the service hatch. Unlock the the section "The Select and off about of There to with. the as follows: the from and screw the the this which located the this without the with the and that the the counterhold the Then the the and the instructions the of the service hatch.
Unlock the and off further of or there that the the to The ready to the performance from the the reached. high
WICHTIGE HINWEISE ZUR SICHERHEIT asser Gase WARNUNG! WARNUNG! WARNUNG!
WARNUNG! WARNUNG! hin, Recycling Informationen Recycling WICHTIGE HINWEISE ZUR SICHERHEIT PRAKTISCHE TIPS PFLEGE UND WARTUNG
WENN DAS GERT NICHT FUNKTIONIERT TECHNISCHE ANGABEN INSTALLATION A. B. C. COOLMATIC ALARM OFF ON/OFF BC D. E. (COOLMATIC) F.
H. G. Ruhephase ON/OFF +2C +8C +9C hat ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF
+5C. hat 3-4C Thermometer Thermometer Thermometer EIN/AUS "Count ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF
EIN/AUS -12C Warnsignal -13C (COOLMATIC) +2C ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF
Waren ALARM OFF COOLMATIC ON/OFF ALARM OFF ON/OFF COOLMATIC MIN MAX
I. J. K. (J) (I) (J) (K) (J) (K) M. N. O.
(J) (K) (I) (J) (K) (N) (N). (O) (K)
(J) (K) (J) Waren
Rand Rand hat PRAKTISCHE TIPS hat
Stoffe, recyclings Recycling. Informationen PFLEGE UND WARTUNG
warmem C C C
hinter
W. offen offen. C. offen
(WRMER) (KLTER) (WRMER) +8C +8C +15C, H. C (KLTER) WENN DAS GERT NICHT FUNKTIONIERT Symptome
Strom "Installation,
TECHNISCHE ANGABEN 92358-KA2
Was- INSTALLATION Recycling. Informationen Rate
hinter Brand
hinter hinter hinter Typchild +10C +32C SN ST +16C +32C +16C +38C +16C +43C
Nase
V. A.
www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk to without