A/AE/7. PERFEKT IN FORM UND FUNKTION KG Instruction
Dear customer, switching please these operating tions They information tion and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the following This the of the information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "TechnicalTerminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
information Precautions child the Transportation, Cleaning of the of Instructions the Information..................................................................................................................12 of the and buttons...................................................................................................14 the COOLMATIC...................................................................................................................................15 function.........................................................................................................................15 to the the Chiller and of foods and buttons...................................................................................................19 the
FROSTMATIC..................................................................................................................................20 Switching the Appliance off and food the to information and and ideas............................................................................................................................23 to The and Defrosting cleaning cleaning.........................................................................................................................24 cleaning........................................................................................................................24 the If something to the chart and of of fresh foods the chart of and products........................................................................31 Service and Customer Conditions
information these instructions and they should the when or owner. This to these instructions only. Specialised that to the service and repairs including and the cord. Accessory them should the or other or The of that the from the cleaning and the If the to reach, switch off the off the lengthened. that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. There of and fire. the its when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. If the service or service If the the There of shock or fire. Without the cover of lighting the cleaning, defrosting, food or pointed or as they to the to allow to the and lighting Ice and they eaten immediately from the food food as as food with the food instructions. You defrosting with heating or chemicals.
to the and the they bottled and bottled the food and clean the outlet of defrosting ularly. If the gathered earlier Precautions child allow to with the of the suffocation. the allow to with or its If the the of the the (as to the as and the to children to shock or to them- the to the to touching or catching to burn. the of the to the the to the cord. should around the this leads to overheating. To follow the instructions to installation. Warning The of the (R that and to the or the built-in clear of obstruction. mechanical or other to the process, other than those recommended the the the food of the they of the type the the of and property the of these instructions as the caused
the Transportation, It recommended to the the protective each the switched hours. Unpack the and there immediately to the bought that Cleaning every and everything which the to the the of the and cloth. cleaning the of the
The the and of the placing, that to the to the that the chart below and found the If the below the the of the cooling the If the the this operating of the the defrosting increasing the cooling or increas- the of the there spacers which ted the top corners. the screws and the the screw head, the re-tighten the screws. the that This achieved the front. the or to or Class of SN +10+32C +16+32C ST +18+38C
If because of furnishing and the to these of or cooker when tion the of or coal-fired the they off heat. The to ate when it to the the recommended A: wall-cupboard B: freely of the On the to and characteristics. The should the the ance turned the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the cover the cover. operation, the closed. The should from the
of Should the or from right-handed to Appliances the right-handed. Following operations to the of and To the operations below recommended to another who the while the operations. the from the electricity supply. the and the the screws off the ually from the slightly both to the the off the slightly off the slightly upwards. Unscrew the top of the then screw back the other the of the plinth screw- Unmount the and its and mount them the other the of the plinth the other the covering of the the and them to the other the from both the closing the (s) screw. the the of the other turning them, then them screwing the (s) screw.
the the the of the the of the the to the the to the then slightly both the of the the of the both the the using the screws to the tic the that the with the of the mantle. the the other and the covering the of this instruction the free. the to its and apply to to the cedures the service. Technicians plish the expertly charge.
Instructions the Information The official of the "frostfree with and the The the services with its and completely from the other According to this the and food, products the instructions and The the of to the class. The found the
of the Top with indicating switch and lighting shelves shelf Chiller with plinth shelf Ice Defrost outlet
and A. ON/OFF B. warmer C. D. E. COOLMATIC function F. COOLMATIC buttons The the (B) and (D) buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (B) or (D). Each of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached with- hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information the (ACTUAL displayed. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED
Starting the the the Press (A) The Press the (B) or (D) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (B) or (D) section buttons"). The immediately the Each the the C. From food of C should sufficiently food the Once the the and the ACTUAL the The from flashing to Information! the the immediately defrosting currently the within the reached food ately switching COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC (F). The light (E) The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of +2C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light function The function the +15C. This function allows to the and the without the formation of To the function, (B). Press continuously (B) the "H" appears the The the displayed to +8C, 8C followed the "H". the the function the The with function
If the off, the closed that the properly. this the of the ically and the to and humidity. to the cooling necessary. this reason to the the shelves with food the Allow to reach naturally. this the frost building from each other. to foods closed or them or them the This foods their shelves included with The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the shelf height.
with the rear of the The the from the meaning that the further the closed. The and There the that tion to allow the to
the the of food the below Confectionery, ready-cooked foods, foods dishes, products, foods Yoghurt, bottles, bottles, seafood Chiller The with this the This indicated the of fresh food meat, seafood the than the of the It the directly of the and of foods The chart the of the instruction information about The exactly as the and of the cooled food. That why the known informative. If to bought immediately they about the
and G. FROSTMATIC function tor (yellow) H. FROSTMATIC I. warmer J. K. L. light buttons The using the (I) and (K) buttons. These connected to the (J). The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (I) or (K). of the buttons the DESIRED C. The DESIRED reached with- hours. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The of information. operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED
Starting the the the Press (A) button. The light (M) flashes the reached. The sounds. Pressing (L) the Press the (I) or (K) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the the the (I) or (K) buttons section buttons"). The immediately the the the C. From food of C should sufficiently food the FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function the of fresh food and, the protects already from The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC (H). The light (G) If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function about hours. The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The light the of the light (M) to and sound. the (L) to the sound, while the warning light to flash. The when the to while the light (M) to flash. If the (L) the warning light and the the about seconds the warmest reached the
Switching the Appliance off To switch off, the (A) If the to Turn off the the or switch off or the or Defrost the and the thoroughly section: "Cleaning and Finally, the as to of and food You fresh food yourself. The the C or food. Please the capacity the rating The the of fresh food that within of hours. If to food please capacity of to of that the The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked with or There of with such fire extinguisher tridges the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the
To of food or to the allowed ty, the switch hours the food without the thermostat the food to the top Not the or than absolutely necessary. The (raspberry, strawberry, should the thin layers without they and then the the It to the finished. Doing this the another Intermediate foods already of food to the the lowermost from and food the cooling to to the the of products them To products the instructions the of the the foods, months. It to foods they them the If the food already recommended, to as as to To the with and to the food thermostatic to finishing to the thermostatic to the Ready of the then or If the to the or to as the cooling
information and The shelves worth to, which increases the ity of the fresh food considerably. the shelves when the of and closing the of the because of the closing the to while of the of thermostatic that the warmer than C. It to of of the as to and of foods. Normal operating sounds: thermostat the and hear when thermostat and You hear or sound when the through the the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the The (this cool the section) the The of this its and with this its slightly These might cracking which phenomenon. Should to the of food the of trally the and thermometer with of C If around that the the properly. The steady-stated (without the If the measured thermometer, the products this the the It that the built-in shows slightly that measured other
and ideas this chapter hints and ideas about to the ance to reach and there informa- tion about the as How to the that off heat. that the and the cover the sections where products tightly closing or to frost. the than and foods the when they the clean. The and This which the its or insulation The together with the refuse and the cooling the the heat Information obtained from authorities. The this with the
Defrosting Defrosting this cleaning Clean the regularly. Don't or strongly cleaners, or or products cleaning the cleaning the of the from the cleaning Clean the internal of the and the with and to of and everything thoroughly. Clean the with clean cleaning Clean the of the with and to of It recommended to the and the back of the and the once or and to the top of the cleaning, the to the supply.
the To the performance the should New purchased from the outwards. the from the the the found the back of the the cover. the accessory and as such covered the operation, the closed. The should from the This light the of the bution Should this light to yourself. Please, the service.
If something operation of the which the following chart information about them to charges that of with sounds and sound). This this together with the of the to that the operates ously, the of That why the of the the It too the It too the Water flows the back the Water the chamber. Water flows the There too frost and Thermostatic If products enough or The tightly or properly. Thermostatic The tightly or properly. Products to Products to too closely to each other. It frost the back The of the chamber Products from flowing the The outlet flows the the Products wrapped properly. properly or tightly. The thermostatic the thermostat to higher the products to the chapter the the and the and clean. the thermostat to higher the and the and clean. hours and then the the products that them. Clean the the products that they the back plate directly. the to the the products the and the and clean. the thermostat to that higher
The ates continually. The Neither cooling, lighting The as the to the service. The thermostatic properly or tightly. Products to Too food to the properly. The burnt The thermostatic The the thermostat to that higher the and the and clean. hours and then the food the the the to instructions chapter to the the four feet should the
to the Should the light to it as below: Break the of the Press the of the screwdriver and the and the the indicated the arrow the replaced. type: T25 Daylight V, W, thread) the the cover, and apply to the This to AC supply. The with protective If there such, recommended to to earthed with the This with the following E.E.C. Directives: EEC of Directive) and tions, EEC of Directive) and modifications.
switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. Should the to reason. The wires the coloured with the follow- and Yellow: Earth Brown: The and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheath. The the The should to the of that the to replaced, please Service Force Warning! off serious (shock) that of
chart and of of fresh foods the of meat airtight meat covered Roasted meat covered minced meat covered minced covered Cold airtight covered covered covered airtight covered airtight covered airtight Roasted covered Sour Curds peas, beans (strawberry, raspberry, Other covered with covered Notation: to really fresh only)
chart of and products beans, peas, marrow, corn, months Ready-cooked foods: trimmings, with meat, months Ready-cooked foods: from of meat from months from with months Soups: meat-broth, from beans, from peas, months cherry, cherry, months Meat: months months the fresh food the food +7C -18C
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not the Service Force to following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating 5.The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher informa- tion AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances Bedfordshire LU4 to this recorded
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and tions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. A/AE/7.
If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account try. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
From the Group. The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the The the or its that this treated as household Instead to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the AEG D-90327 www.electrolux.com www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk Copyright AEG