SANTO TK Instructions
Dear customer, operation please these operating instructions They infor- mation and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the operation of the information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instruction Appliance Information of Appliances Location the Mounting the to Initial of the Appliance of the Starting and shelves/glass shelves VARIO Correct Defrosting The Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Service Parts to You Customer Regulations, Technical terminology
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the of these the Customer The the home. It the of food If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling of foods, the which to that the the supply the supply authorised service or using of the type. the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from
Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire extinguisher the and/or the and/or cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Appliance Information sound! They of or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the You of using white and from the of the
Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the required, to the formation of the of the this located phere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
If outlet of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should varnished to to of The least and should the white the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws (F) the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards (G). Unscrew the holding (H) and Mounting If the with mounting screw (A) the AEG36 AEG56 AEG96 A/B C
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the the ance connected to the from the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the the and Unscrew the (A) and screw the the the (A) and Screw the securely the the screws (K). Unscrew the the the with punch. Cover the with the the AEG97 AEG98
to Initial Please clean the and to section: Cleaning and to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth Brown: the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
The of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. Alternatively with fitted. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the or with of of the Appliance of the with and age with shelves and light switch AEG44
Starting and the of the the with tective earth the the internal lighting switched The located the right of the Turning clockwise and the automatically. Hightest warmest At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or High and the to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. AEG62
shelves/wire or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the VARIO with half-size shelves. items: the front of the age another to the rear. this to items the below. Correct and and and Meat, Ready
Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with Defrosting The The rear of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to Switch off the turning the to the or switch off or the electricity supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or
the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. the food from the cool covered. Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the of the once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service.
the near or other of warmth. High operation of the and the and the back of the foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. the heat the the of clean. What to Correcting Malfunctions The following from AEG Service Force You these without or butter/cheese racks, and malfunction caused only that using the following instructions. other the the following information to only service repairs to the If please or Service Force
Appliance Appliance too The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat tight (possibly the Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light the sections of the with cool At the the such that correctly.
The immediately the Water the or shelves. the light Warning! There of shocks! the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the the to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and the rear of the the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation. Symptom Appliance The touching the or other This occurred. Water AEG65 the the slightly. The of the Cleaning and section.
Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force routed to the Service covering customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to You Please type of writing or telephoning. to know: and Clear and of the The and rating of purchase. Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, please Customer the below or www.aeghome.co.uk Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ to this recorded
The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear Splashing or splashing the switched off, this heard This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
Technical terminology that to cooling known as They tively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the ance or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to it to the The normally the of The the fied the this heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG