KO-SANTO Built-In and Instructions
operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the of the stressed with and/ or with Warning!, Please the following This the of the information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly...
Instructions Appliance Information of Appliances. the the Building the the plinth supply of the of the to Initial Starting and shelves/wire trays. VARIO shelf. Correct and food Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The automatically. Defrosting the Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions. the light Service to You Customer Regulations,
Instructions These the interests of them or using the of If about the meaning of these the Customer The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, the which to the should the of please The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or
themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other the household It therefore that and children with the with or There of with such as fire guisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Appliance Information They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office. The and the protected off the the and right of the
You of using white and from the of the Location The should affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each If the to another or clearance of the to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
the The which the from the right (as supplied) to the the Warning! the which the from the the from the towards. the (A) of the from the the to the of the the they click.
To the of the as shown the
the the screwdriver, the the of the slightly and the with the the covering (M) the Turn the through and the bearing the cavity of the the upwards, the and the the bearing the upwards and of the Building the The of the recessed with those indicated the AEG43
covering and the locking the The necessary of the to the electricity supply should positioned, that the the recess. height.
Mounting
Screw the covering
the plinth the operation of the that the used. height A=820 and plinth height the plinth without The to height B=870 and plinth height plinth heights greater than should the plinth, the of the height of plinth to the The plinth of from the Please whether, and the the right round. to heavy frosting and higher What to supply correctly earthed the supply. The supply rating of least Amps. If the once the built the include of isolating the from the fused to the rating plate to supply and with those of the the location. AC or to The rating plate the the
The or If please AEG Service Force to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of GREEN YELLOW AMP. FUSE BLUE CORD CLAMP AMP BROWN
of the of the shelf shelves Thermostat food food, to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and
Starting and the to the electricity supply. the the internal light- switched The located the right of the Turning clockwise the then operates automatically. Hightest warmest means: Lowest The the and regulated. At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C, If or On this the fresh food the reliably and that of -18C the If to fresh food that the the below 0C. You should promptly the thermostat to or the of the fresh food High and the thermostat to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the thermostat back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. AEG62
shelves/wire or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the shelves the lowest of the and and this The height of the shelves To this the shelf upwards or and Please the to the shelf height. VARIO with shelves. items: the front of the shelf another to the rear. this to items the below. Correct This that food months the The of the type of food instructions. of fresh foods and Food the should covered or to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with
and food The and food. The the 18C or fresh food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked foods airtight or to that they or their and that of other food with to the food causing the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the it the food to these to the with or
Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the using pointed or the the Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Defrosting the and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or to frost. The should defrosted when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or amount of food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food causing
food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off the and or from the tricity supply. the from the outlet and to catch the You the with the and closing the of that they completely defrosting, thoroughly the "Cleaning and section). Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to packages. Switch off the turning the thermostat to the or switch off or from the supply. Clean thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock. cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or from the electricity supply. AEG47
the with cleaner. and there of shock. to the of The back service. Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. cool Defrost the to cleaning Defrosting section). Switch the off and the from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the performance of the and electricity tion. The of the to the to the using cleaner. the plinth then the the that there from the defrosting. the (F) the of the Clear with the of the (P) the of included with the everything back service.
the boilers, or other of heat. High operation of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. the than necessary. colder than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the What to Correcting Malfunctions The following from the Service Force You these without or butter/cheese racks, and malfunction caused that using the following instructions. other the the following information Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Service Force
Appliance The The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the of the Symptom Appliance switched or blown or too cold. properly of food the within the hours. The heat airtight (possibly the This occurred. Water Switch the malfunctions to corrected Turn the thermostat to warmer porarily. Please the Initial section. the than necessary. Turn the thermostat to colder porarily. Please the location section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with cool At the the warmed such that correctly. The of the Cleaning and section.
the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or from the supply. Light V, To switch off the the thermostat to the To the light the screw. Press the light as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back AEG65
Service the of service, or to chase AEG Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force should that the the previous as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service to You Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the The and rating of purchase. Customer concerning AEG and further information AEG products, Customer or telephone, as follows: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ
The following characteristic of Clicks Whenever the switches or off, heard. as the operation, hear flows thin hear or splashing the switched off, this heard Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG