KO-SANTO SUPER 1573TK-4 Instructions
Dear please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions with technically with Please the which apply to Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with warning and/ or with (Warning!, Attention!) Please the following This the operation of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should service to Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances Location the Mounting the the to Initial Starting and shelves/wire VARIO shelf Correct and food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Defrosting the Switching off the Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the light Customer Service Regulations,
The aspects of comply with technical and the Appliance Nevertheless, obligation to of the following information: The the home. It the cooling, and of food, as as If the other than those or incorrectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of If the or other than the cooling, or of foods, please to the should the of please the The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and installation of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated. of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or catches, fitted. this that children
themselves the when (there of suffocation!) or themselves other children the household It therefore that and with the with or There of with such fire extinguisher the Bottles and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the of malfunction If the malfunction the please first the "What to section of these instructions. If the information there please further repairs yourself. repaired service repairs to If please or Customer Service.
Appliance Information sound! They or without About the The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the >PS< the which free of The from and should of recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as Warning! of them from the or or This the that children themselves the of suffocation!) or themselves other The of with or The the heat the back of the Information concerning or locations from the authorities or town The and the protected off the the and right of the
You of white and from the of the Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore exposed to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the which located the the of the The following shows which each each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the If the to another or clearance of the to the formation of the of the of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The of free operation. What should the through the the through the these plinth or crockery. If outlet of least and (A/B) matching the should the of the The of the (C) should to to of The least and should the white the the the The as follows: Unscrew the screws (F) the right and the the slightly, about the rear, and off upwards (G). Unscrew the holding (H) and
Mounting If the with mounting screw (A) the the The which the from the right (factory to the the Warning! the which the the to the from the the slightly the and securely. Unscrew the screws (K) and the of its cavity. the and downwards. Unscrew the (A) and the the the (A) and the of the the cavity and screw the with the screws (K).
Unscrew the the the with punch. the with the contained the the the screwdriver, the the of the slightly upwards and the with the Turn the covering (M) round. Turn the through and the the cavity of the the upwards, the and the the bearing the upwards and of the
to Initial Please the and to section: Cleaning and to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and YellowEarth BrownLive the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: 1.The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and 2.The coloured connected to the N or coloured 3.The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
The nection of to the electricity supply should that to the If the should as shown. protective A/16 fusing. If the once the built the include of the from the or with of Starting and the of the the with protective earth the the lighting switched The located the RH of the Turning clockwise the then operating automatically. Hightest warmest means: Lowest The the and regulated. At of around 16C, should selected. At of around 25C,
If or On this the fresh food reliably and that of -18C the If the fresh food that the the 0C. You should promptly the to or High and the to the to continuously. Reason: when the high, the continuously to the the The to defrosting of the only when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the If this the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and defrosting recommenced. shelves/wire or shelves and included with combinations. You should of the the lowest of the and the and it this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the
VARIO with shelves. items: the front of the shelf another to the rear. this to items the below. Correct and and Meat, Ready food food, This that food months this The of the type of food instructions. of fresh and Food the should covered or packaged, to and of other food. The following airtight and wraps; with covers with
and food The and The the C or food or food already too The of the food when right through to the as as Allow food to cool The increased formation and increase the Please the specified the foods which further (cooked foods tight to that they or their and that of other food with to the food. the food the of the food items already otherwise the food to Tips: The following the of and wraps; extrathick The following and or Smooth the of the the food to these quickly. to the with or
Preparation of Ice Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to free that to the or the the scraper. Defrosting The The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost Defrosting the and when the the as frost. this frost from to with the or pointed to frost. The should defrosted when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. food with to the food. food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool
Switch off the and or the or switch off the the from the outlet and to catch the You the defrosting with the and closing the of that they completely thoroughly the "Cleaning and section). Switching off the To switch off the the to If the to and as as ice-trays. Switch off the turning the to the or switch off or the or Defrost and thoroughly section: Cleaning and the to the of
Cleaning and reasons the interior, including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food layers of newspaper. cool covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" section). Switch the off and the from the or switch off or turn the or the and the with cloth and Commercially used. cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the once year with or cleaner.
the the rear of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything back service. the or other of warmth. High of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions Minor repairs yourself, from the service You these without or racks, and malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to service repairs to the If please or Customer Service. Appliance too Appliance cools too cold. Malfunction Appliance switched Switch the or blown or necessary. malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily.
The food too lighting Light of frost, possibly the The immediately the Water the or shelves. Malfunction properly of food the within the The heat tight (possibly the hinges). Appliance the The touching the or other the of the touching another of the or the This occurred. Water What to Please the "Initial section. the as as necessary. Turn the to temporarily. Please the location" section. Please the the Light section. the sections of the with than C). At the the such that correctly. the slightly. If necessary, the of the The of the "Cleaning and section.
What to the light Warning! There of the light switch off the and or the or the Light V, To switch off the turn the to the To the light the screw. Press the light cover as shown and backwards. the light the light cover and the screw. the back operation.
Customer Service If the malfunction these operating instructions, please or service and the accompanying Conditions/Customer Service Selective of and this reason the following information: This information found the the the (PNC) of the that this information that The bears the of service the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG