SANTO KG Combination Instructions
Dear operation please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and numbered instructions the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance to Initial Starting and the Bottle Cooling Switching the Appliance the Compartment
Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The Defrosted Automatically Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning the light What to Correcting Malfunctions Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
Instructions Child allow to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to to country authorised Appliance to the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back and the easily pushed.
and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that hinged and the from the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; only location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the
The following shows which each If to of heat the following clearances the of the and fired If these clearances heat the and the The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to Appliance The Please the turning the the front. of SN to C to C ST to C to C
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the follow- and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and with- the plinth cover to the front. At the the plinth from the bearing covers the plinth cover from to right. With the closed, the cross-head screws from the and the wrench, the from the right-hand of the and screw the to the front and Unscrew the the to the front and Reposition to the
The and the the of the and to the housing. the the and the bearing the of the and the from the to the right and cover the with the cover attached. the plinth
Appliance of Appliance cooling and with and and plate
to Initial the to the and it ration the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and Starting and the switch with light light and ON/OFF switch The the ON/OFF switch. to the This to the (child protection). Position Highest (warmest Lowest
the the where the than C, the switch depressed. The light If the switch switched the operates to that the of C the If the to C, the switch switched off to The light Turn the to the with the of coin. The light The and then automatically. The following of of the Quantity and of the food with which the and The following therefore only as that to to Recommended to to High and the to the to continuously to the The therefore to as defrosting of the when the "Defrosting" section). The the of thick of frost the rear If this turn the back to warmer to At this the switched and off as and the the reached C foods. Where food concerned C should ciently food the and the
The the lowest the and with corners the back. It this that and fresh To the the corners twisted forwards and to the The shelves to the shelf or and To height the bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the
The pulled and and other as Cooling The cooling cooling high C) and high of food the to To the cooling the the housing. The light To switch off the The light The cooling when the cooling operation. The should such that build- of frost with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
The cooling the with perishability therefore the shelves as without to account the which The the the and somewhat higher than the The shows of food. too closely front of the the of the as the foods might to the the the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained of contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each Switching the Appliance To switch off, the to The light If the to Switch off the To this the to The light the or switch off. Clean the thoroughly section: Cleaning and the defrosting to of the Compartment If the when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
Warning! foods the the C or Please indicated the rating The capacity the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the indicated the rating which further (cooked the the switch hours to or to hours lights foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to to switch off the switch when the the reached. Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these foods to the with or
Warning! of the with the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type Preparation of Ice Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! which to the with pointed or or The the of The months the of Whether the or of the cated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high
Defrosting The Defrosted Automatically The of the covers with frost when the and when the off. The from the thawing frost collected the the of the through the the the base, and then evaporated. Compartment Defrosting and when the as frost the the This frost from to using or pointed this The should when the of frost reached thickness of however least once defrosting when the or food. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the process, with the tion of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they to health and/or that plastics. About hours to defrosting the switch, that the food with to the food. food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool or switch off of the directly front of the ance to the from defrosting and the to the defrosting process, of the
of that defrosting thoroughly the as as section: and and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Warning! highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or clean the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The back service. Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. If the to cleaned, the switch hours to the the service. the About hours to cleaning the switch, to the operation. with to the them layers of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off the and from the or switch off or the or the Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. the and to they and from
of the increases this reason the beneath the once year with or cleaner. everything back service. the light Warning! of the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch off the turn the to The light from the To the light the head screw and the light cover light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused that rectify the following instructions. other the the following information Warning! Repairs to only service repairs to the If please Service Force to the Appliance cools too too cold. The food too Symptom Appliance switched Switch the or blown or properly of food the within the hours. The heat malfunctions to corrected Turn the to warmer temporarily. Please the and section. the only as as necessary. Press the switch. Turn the to temporarily. Please the tion" section.
function. Water the The immediately the Appliance If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom Light The lighting switches off matically This occurred. Please to the Light section. Clean and that The of the front to Normal Sounds
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without