SANTO KG Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "Something If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance Location The Appliance the Appliance of Appliance with "Cold to Initial COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC Switching the Appliance the Compartment
and Information Door"-Warning Warning Function Accessories and Bottle Correct Preparation of Ice Cubes Defrosting The Defrosted Automatically Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning Light Something Not Technical Terminology Regulations, Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the it from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. Whenever the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
Instructions Child allow to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the covering and the the >PS< the which and The from Please of the with the of the off the and catches to children to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the
to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The to the back and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly.
the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the maintained. Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Not The please the turning the the front.
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured to the "N or coloured The coloured connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
the The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the bearing the plinth from the to the right. the the and the screw the the top of the With the closed, the head screws from the and the bearing the from the right to the the to the front and
Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the to the the from the to the right and cover the with the cover the self-closing to the of the the
the the the top bear- and the the of the and to the housing. the self-closing the top of the the the bearing and the with the the of the and the and the plinth.
Appliance of Appliance and with compartment/bottle and defrosting the as collecting and plate
Appliance with "Cold with and included below the the to the section to Initial the of the tion the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cool to the of food the The and their The then or packaged
ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC cooling the COOLMATIC ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer FROSTMATIC light FROSTMATIC the FROSTMATIC button Warning light (red) WARNING OFF section: and Information Appliance
Appliance These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). of the the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the or the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the or the The ACTUAL cated with numbers. operation, the currently the or the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the or the currently (DESIRED The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. The displays shows of information.
to Initial connecting the to the and the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to back the the Please the and to section: and the from the the or the of C reached, and allow to hours the the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial The and operated and of another. Press the ON/OFF The the lights the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. Compartment Press the ON/OFF button. The the lights warning tone sounds and the flashing light that the reached. Press the WARNING OFF to switch off the warning to C or section: the with of C reached, or the warning
With the buttons the the and the of another. Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the the the C. From food of C the and C the should enough as Once the the and the ACTUAL the or The from flashing to Please the warning and to of the COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and or The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The then to the originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The light
FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function of fresh food products, and the protects previously the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC The yellow light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light Switching the Appliance The and switched off of another. To switch off, the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the or switch off. The and the light off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off the this both ON/OFF the light off the or switch off. Defrost and the thoroughly section: and the to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the closed of absence. Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the leaving the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food the Compartment If the closed when the operation, that immediately the which the closed the equalised. The
and Information The and information of warning and acoustic warning. The when the the the too high; functional with the Door"-Warning If the or the and acoustic warning tone sound seconds the the If to or rearrange or foods, switch off the tone the WARNING OFF If the the warning tone sound the of the of If the than the warning tone switch off automatically. The warning off when the closed. Warning The flashes and sounds, as as the the warmer than C. caused by: of with of foods; high of the The switched off with the WARNING OFF ton. Both and warning switched off, when the ACTUAL the to than C. The tone switches off hour, the ACTUAL to the DESIRED The light to flash.
Function If the the technical that to rectified the the indicates: the of the the the of the the the the and It this that and fresh The shelves to heights: the tipped or and To height the The pulled and and other as and Tray-Set The and with included with
bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the included with with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, the The the lowest shelf immediately the and Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which only and the Warning! foods the the -18C or Please indicated the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the capacity indicated the rating of food, the tion the front the top the foods which further (cooked the the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours Yellow lights The FROSTMATIC of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to The switch the FROSTMATIC tion off of hours. The yellow light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC
Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these quickly. foods to the with or Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. only with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type Preparation of Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with pointed or or
Defrosting The Defrosted The the the every the The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where evaporated. Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or this The should when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once year defrosting when the empty, or only loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the tion. with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply.
the the plinth the section). the directly front of the to the from defrosting and the to the defrosting process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly the as as section: and and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each
the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Press the FROSTMATIC hours to the food the service. food, layers of newspaper and covered, cool Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and from
Cleaning the outer with Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. of the increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. Light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF buttons the lights off. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
Something Not Working Service Force the following to the The the too high. shows Warning tone sounds, flashing. Warning tone sounds, and flashing. Water the or the Water and function. The lighting switches off of frost. Symptom there the Check there the household lights. the the within the operating the to There function Please Service Force the of the warning. Please and Information section. Please and Information section. Please to Light section. If the airtight the apply to the to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its
The continuously to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. This the of Something Not Working
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which
Conditions This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of home. They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the of purchase The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the world. AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without