SANTO KG Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the operation of the Supplementary information operation and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "Something If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone or www.aeghome.co.uk.: Customer AEG Appliances High Street SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the Location The Appliance The Appliance of Appliance with "Cold buttons to Initial Initial COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC FROSTMATIC Switching the Appliance
and Information Door"-Warning Warning Function the Compartment and Correct Preparation of Cubes Defrosting The defrosted Compartment Defrosting and Normal Sounds Food and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning light Something Working Technical Terminology Regulations, Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the food should once or the Ice frost/freezer burns straight from the items from the as this or frost/freezer burns. Bottles and the They burst when the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which compounds and recycled. The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children trapped to country authorised Information concerning or locations obtained from Council or Health Office
Appliance people of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The weight to the back and the easily pushed. and from the of the ance. of with white
the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that hinged and the from the
the the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the Location The should ventilated, and performance of the affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the
The following shows which each The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the maintained. Please whether, and the the tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The Please the turning the the front. of SN to C to C ST to C to C
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the "E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the "N or coloured The connected to the "L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
The The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth to the front. the cover the plinth from the to the right. the the and the screw the the top of the With the closed, the head screws from the and the
The the from the right to the the to the front and Unscrew the the to the front and Unscrew the screw the self-closing the of the the bearing to the
Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the the screws as the the self-closing to the of the The
The the the top bear- and the the of the and to the housing. the self-closing the top of the the the and the with the the of the and the and the plinth.
Appliance of Appliance and with compartment/bottle and Shelves defrosting the as collecting and plate or
Appliance with "Cold with tion and included below the the to the section to Initial the of the the of or malfunction of the the increase the hours. The cool to the of food the The and their The then or
ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer colder COOLMATIC light COOLMATIC cooling the COOLMATIC ON/OFF light ON/OFF warmer FROSTMATIC light (yellow) FROSTMATIC the FROSTMATIC Warning light (red) WARNING OFF section: and Information Appliance
Appliance These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) pressing of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). Each of the the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that selected the or the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the the or the The ACTUAL cated with numbers. operation, the currently the or the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the or the currently (DESIRED If there the the shows: the of the the the of the the The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. The displays shows of information.
to Initial the to the and ration the first the to hours. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and the from the the or only the of C reached, and allow to hours the the or the front of the the the fashion, cleaning the
Initial and operated and of another. Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the tone sounds and the flashing warning light that the reached. Press the WARNING OFF to switch off the warning the to the section: to immediately switching because the the reached. Compartment Press ON/OFF The the lights The shows the tone sounds and the flashing warning light that the reached. Press the WARNING OFF to switch off the to C or section: with of C reached, or the
With the buttons the the and the of another. Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) the or The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately the the the C. From food of C the and C the should enough as the buttons further the switches and displays the ACTUAL the The from flashing to The and then automatically. the the ately defrosting currently Please and to the of the
COOLMATIC/FROSTMATIC COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and or The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The yellow light The COOLMATIC function DESIRED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually press- the COOLMATIC The light FROSTMATIC The FROSTMATIC function of fresh food products, and the protects the The FROSTMATIC function switched the FROSTMATIC button. The light The FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC The yellow light If the FROSTMATIC function manually, the switch off the FROSTMATIC function hours. The light
Switching the Appliance and switched off of another. To switch off, both the ON/OFF buttons seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the and switch off. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off and holding both ON/OFF about seconds. the or switch off. Defrost and thoroughly section: and the to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the closed of absence. Unintentional closing of the or closing of the who to Without the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food
and Information The and information of and acoustic warning. The the the the or too high; there functional with the Door"-Warning If the or the and acoustic warning tone sound seconds the the If to or rearrange or foods, switch off the warning tone the WARNING OFF If the the warning tone sound the of the of If the than the tone switch off automatically. The warning off when the closed. Warning the The warning flashes and tone sounds as as the the to than C. You switch off the warning tone using the WARNING OFF button. The warning and tone switch themselves off cally when the the to below C. this, the warning tone switches off passed.
the The flashes and tone sounds as as the the to than C. the flashes. You switch off the tone the WARNING OFF The flashing and displays the that reached the the seconds the to the The tone switches off the the to than C. The warning and the to flash. passed. The and the to flash. If the of or thawing should the of the foods. Function If the the technical that to rectified the customer, the indicates: the of the the the of the the the Compartment If the closed when the operation, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
Accessories shelf the track the and It this that and fresh The shelves to the shelf or and To height the items: the front of the and it then of items the below. bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles The bottle bottles.
To this the bottle upwards, then the front the The pulled and and other as and The and with included with Bottle with bottle the bottle This to bottles from and sideways.
Correct physical reasons, the The the lowest shelf immediately the and Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest shelf the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained free of charge contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
the which and the food. Warning! foods the the C or Please indicated capacity the rating The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the capacity indicated the rating of food, the the front the top the chamber. foods which further (cooked the the FROSTMATIC hours to or to hours lights The FROSTMATIC of of to foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the the with already otherwise the to The switch the FROSTMATIC tion off of hours. light You the FROSTMATIC function manually the FROSTMATIC
Tips: The following the of and wraps; foods; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these to the with or Warning! of the with previously the of C reached. with that they or their and that of other Please and of to type Preparation of Cubes with and the or and allow to To the finished the or Warning! free which to the with or or
Defrosting The The the defrosting the as based and the of Defrosting or the of the of when the the of defrosting and of The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the operation and when the the the top. this white frost from to with dough or pointed this The should defrosted when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once defrosting when the empty, or loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the interruption tion. with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them cool
Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. the the plinth the section). the directly front of the to the from and the to the process, of the of that defrosting defrosting thoroughly clean the as as section: and Defrosting
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too try to allow to around each the to of heat, such as dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning If the to cleaned, the FROSTMATIC hours to the the service. the About hours to defrosting the FROSTMATIC to the tion. with to the them of newspaper, cover them and them cool Defrost the section: "Defrosting"). Switch off and and from the or from the electricity supply. Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! highly cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and from the the rear of the chamber with the of of wire.
and Cleaning Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. household to the This protective allow the to with the the as them. of the increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. light reasons the lighting switches off when the It switches the the Warning! of shock! the light switch off the and the Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off and both ON/OFF buttons about seconds. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw.
Something service force the following to the The the too high. shows Warning tone sounds, and flashing. function. The lighting switches off The continuously Water the or shelves. Symptom there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the correctly relative to There function Please inform Service Force the of the warning Please and Information section. Please to Light section. the using the and buttons to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. Water the "Cleaning and tion.
of frost. to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force customers should that the as the the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the warmth from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and Symptom If the airtight the apply to the using to heat. heater this This the and allow to to its This the of
The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Conditions AEG offer the following to the first purchaser of this The months when the to the first purchaser, which purchase or The cover
Conditions The covers or which to workmanship or The cover ances where or performance to installation,unauthorised or attempted or to and the instruction This cover such as light of or plastic. Should repairs the purchaser inform the service office service or authorised AEG the right to the of the the of or AEG The or free includes both and Repairs the the repairs become the property of AEG. The purchasers rights affected this If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service If carrying the there with please AEG Service Force customers should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Service If service or to purchase AEG Service Force telephoning to Please type of writing or telephoning. to and telephone Clear and of the of purchase (PNC) This information found the rating plate the of the the Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products, invited to Customer or or www.aeghome.co.uk AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ to this recorded
AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG