SANTO KA Upright Instructions
customer, please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the function- of the stressed with warning and/or with (Warning!, Please the This and instructions the of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force If or please Customer or telephone: Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL 1DZ Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliances Appliance the Location The Appliance the of the Appliance the FAST CHILL to Initial Initial Warning warning Switching the Appliance off
the and Normal Sounds Food Defrosting The Defrosted Automatically and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the Light What to Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to leaving the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the situated.
Instructions Child allow children to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the Servicing This should serviced authorised and only should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force
Information and reused. Wood un-treated. The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which and The from Please of the with the Appliances of the off the and catches to children to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The then to the back and the easily pushed.
and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the
the force and the screws as the Screw the top to the the the of the the top the top of the and screw the to the Location The should affected the The should therefore to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the
The following shows which each The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To cover or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the fits tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "Something Appliance The please the turning the the front. of SN to C to C ST to C to C
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and yellow connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheat. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
the The from right (as supplied) to to the location where the Warning! from the the the and the plinth cover to the front. the cover the plinth cover from the to the right. the With the closed, the cross-head screws from the and the the from the the from the right to the the the
the the right and the cover from the to the right of the the the of the the to the front and the to the the the top and the with the the of the and the and the plinth. the
the Unscrew the top from the Unscrew the from the Unscrew the top from the and screw the right-hand of the force and the screws as the Turn the with the and screw them to the and the force and the screws as the
of the Appliance of the and with Bottle
of the Appliance ON/OFF the FAST CHILL and FAST CHILL light (yellow) FAST CHILL cooling the WARNING OFF the These buttons connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). of the buttons the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons.
operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED FAST CHILL The FAST CHILL function cooling of of the and party. The FAST CHILL function switched the FAST CHILL ton. The light The FAST CHILL function cooling. DESIRED of C selected. The FAST CHILL function of The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The FAST CHILL function manually the FAST CHILL The light to Initial connecting the to the and the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to flow back the the Please the and to section: and Cleaning). The of information.
Initial Press ON/OFF the to the section: to immediately switching the the reached. With the buttons the the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the Each the the C. C to C. From food of C the should enough as the further the ches and displays the ACTUAL the tor. The from flashing to numbers. The and then automatically. Information! the the immediately defrosting currently
Warning If the than the warn- and acoustic tone sound. If to or rearrange foods, switch off the tone the WARNING OFF The off when the closed. The light flashes and tone sounds, as as the the warmer than C. possibly to: the or leaving it of food; with the You off the warning tone the WARNING OFF The light and the warning tone switch off automatically, when the ACTUAL existing the below C Switching the Appliance off To switch off, and the ON/OFF second. The off. The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the interruption of If the to Switch off the to this the ON/OFF the Clean the thoroughly section: and Clean- to of
The the lowest the and this that and fresher The shelves to heights: the or and To height the The sections the the the or to the of the as If the the of the the right further the the or The the that
bottles the with the bottleneck to the front. bottles horizontally. The bottle bottles. To this the bottle upwards, then the front the The pulled and and other as bottle the bottle to bottles from and the If the closed when the operation, immediately which the equalised. The
physical reasons, the The the lowest shelf immediately the and Warmer the shelves and racks. The where of food to the of instance, the immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; it to the to colder further information food and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained of contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the cool and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
Defrosting The Defrosted Automatically The the defrosting the the The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning containing bleach or the and to they and free from Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. household to the This protective allow the to with the the as them.
of the reduces cooling performance and increases this reason clean the the back of the once with or cleaner. the Light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the Light specifications: V, W, the only of that least this seat the Where to purchase: or AEG Service Force To switch the off the ON/OFF second. The extinguishes. the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw. and Cleaning
What to Service Force the following to the The the too high. Warning tone sounds, flashing warning light flashing, tone sounding The continuously The light to Normal Sounds Symptom there the there the household lights. the the within the operating the turned to the relative to than Switch off the tone the WARNING OFF the than necessary. Please warning section. the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the correctly fitted. the the light switch
The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Regulations, This household and with the The with legislation regulations (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Symptom This the of
Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG.
Conditions If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and Clear and of the of purchase The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or further information AEG products please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Street Slough SL1 1DZ recorded
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each year to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without