SANTO 70398-DT Instructions
customer, switching please these instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the Notes which or the functioning of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Attention!). Please the following Additional information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the flower. the of malfunction, these operating instructions infor- mation to rectify yourself, the Something Not Working section. further AEG Service Force the chapter Service and Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Appliance Information of Appliances to Initial Starting and Switching the Appliance the Compartment Accessories shelves Food Preparation of Cubes Defrosting Cleaning and What to Correcting Malfunctions the Light Service and Customer Conditions Positioning the Regulations,
The aspects of comply with and the Appliance Nevertheless, to of the following infor- mation: The the It the and of food, as as If the other than those or incor- rectly, the that caused. or to the reasons of to the should the of please The within the of the with high of which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the of children wraps, There of suffocation! from Please to the off the or or boltcatches, ted. this that themselves the when (there of suffocation!)or themselves other the household It therefore that and with the
with or There of with such fire extinguisher the and the They burst when the high the high the creams or the mouth immediately from the to the or tongue and injury. food with to the food. the cleaning the switch off the and or the house or switch off the the from the the Service should to the Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Appliance Information sound! The plastics and as follows: >PE< the outer covering and the the interior. >PS< the which of The from and should of waste-paper recycling location. of Appliances reasons, of properly. This to and the of its service as
Warning! of them inoperable. from the or or to authorised Council or Health Office to there to the The and the protected and from the of the
to Initial the to the and ration the first the to upright. its the to hours switching on.This to allow the to back the the Please the and to section: "Cleaning and Starting and and operated of another. The the right the It the ON/OFF-switch. Cooling OFF Highest (warmest Lowest Recommended Turn the to the The and then automatically. to immediately switching the the reached. the reached of C food. From food of C the and C the should enough as
The following of of the Quantity and of the food with which the and Switching the Appliance and switched off of another. To switch off, the to If the to from service Turn the to the or the Defrost and thoroughly section: and defrosting to of the Compartment If the closed when the ration, that immediately the which the closed equalised. The
shelves You should of the the lowest of the and the and this The height of the shelves To this the upwards or and Please the to the ght. the the food the to other or to this the empty, the upwards their them, and them back There front of the the and The the ted with the Right With the the and closed. the closed, the of the food the and
Fresh Food To the performance: food or the cover or wrap the food, food that freely round hints: Meat types): polythene and the shelf the this or the foods, dishes, these should covered and shelf. and these should thoroughly cleaned and the and these should airtight or wrapped or polythene to as as bottles: these should and should the bottle the onions and garlic, packed, the
foods the the -18C or Please indicated capacity the The the amount of fresh that within hours. If the other, amounts to to of the capacity indicated the foods which further (cooked foods tight to that they or their and that of other with to the foods the with otherwise the to thaw. Tips: The following the of and wraps; extra-thick The following and wraps: or Press of and wraps of because these quickly. inspection authorities: Batch the of performance or directly from the
Attention! of the with the of -18C reached. The C. food. with that they or their and that of other Please and of
Preparation of Cubes the with the and to To the the or seconds. to that to the pointed or the supplied. The the of The months the of Whether the or of the indicated the of the foods and pre-treating The to foods with high
Defrosting The The integrated the rear of the defrosted automatically. The collects the trough the back of the and through the the catch the where Compartment Defrosting the of white frost the and when the this white frost from to with or pointed this The should when the thickness of the white frost reached about least once defrosting when the empty, or only loaded. Warning! heating or other mechanical or to the defrosting process, with the of those recommended these operating instructions. defrosting they health and/or to plastics. touch with to the them layers of newspaper, cover them and them cool Switch off the and from the or switch off or the or the defrosting thoroughly the as as section: "Cleaning and
Cleaning and reasons the including should cleaned regularly. Warning! The connected to the cleaning. of shock! cleaning switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or the with cleaner. of shock! to the of The switched back Attention! Ethereal and or the from butyric cleansers which allow such to with cleansers. food and the food from the food of newspaper. covered. Defrost the to cleaning "Defrosting" tion). Switch the off and the from the or switch off or the or Clean the and the with cloth and with
cleaning with fresh and of the increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. the the of the Clear with the of the the of included with the everything switch the back the or other of warmth. High tion of the and the and the back of the cover foods the Allow foods to cool first. as as necessary. than necessary. food the to The the food then to cool the the heat the the of clean.
What to Correcting Malfunctions malfunction caused which with the of the following instructions. further repairs the following instructions each Warning! repaired trained Repairs to the Please Service Force repairs. Malfunction Appliance function, stand-by The and/or insufficient. function. Appliance switched or blown or properly Within the hours of foods loaded. Appliance to of warmth. Light Switch necessary. malfunctions to corrected Please to the section the as as necessary. Turn to Please to the section Location". Please to Light this section.
Malfunction of frost the the The immediately the the Light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the or switch off or the or Light specifications: V, W, To switch the off turn the to the To the light the screw Y and then the protective cover X. the light the light cover. properly sealed Appliance Appliance with or other the back of the with another or the This occurred. the with those which airtight warmer than 50C). At the the hand, that properly seated. the front Please Service Force The of
Service and the of service, or to purchase please Service Force telephoning: telephone routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further information about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk. please the heading Something Not Working. the Service Force to following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning AEG or futher information AEG products, please Customer or telephone the below or Customer AEG Appliances High Slough, SL1 1DZ to this recorded Customer Services the of Ireland please the below: AEG (Ire) of Ireland
GUARANTEE CONDITIONS AEG, that within months of the of the purchase this AEG or thereof to reason of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply ted the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of AEG which AEG. If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and stically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK Slough
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating plate the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The coloured and to the with the E or the earth or coloured and The coloured to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer sheath. Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of
Positioning This should location where the to the indicated the which located the the of the The following shows which each SN +10C to 32C +16C to 32C ST +18C to 38C +18C to 43C this located atmosphere, from heat and sunlight. You should that freely around the back and the top of the There should the top of the and Alternatively allow the top of the and and of of the the neath. The back of the to the DONOT with restricted the of the screwing the foot, or the of the
the carrying operations, the from the To the as follows: the and the that the off the the Unscrew the located the of the and them the the the off the which screws; the its fixing screws; the and reassemble the of the the of the the foot, or the of the or reassemble the the using the screws previously the cover of the the of the arrow and reassemble the the fixing the screws; reassemble the reassemble the the the the and the to the reversibility. Please mount them their the with the and reassemble them the the- with the that where the presently
the screws as the Warning: the that the screws properly and that the to the If the the perfectly to the that the of the or this heating the with Regulations, This household and with the The necessary with legislation (GSG), (VBG and the of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV
AEG High Street SLOUGH SL1 1DZ Copyright AEG to without