Notice Cooler SC361W10
thinking o when this
to the of Thank choosing first from which with of pleasure the The to offer of products that You the cover this Please to this that of the of that Ease-of-Mind.
The following this information concerning and information to the information and information The the or its that this treated as household to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this information about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the
instructions cooler other to these instructions to learn the and to the instruction It the or to These the interests of that them or the of If about of the or the Customer the The household as this instruction or the They and and with the the back of and the If the punctured, the and The heavy. The and of the when the and Child that to the operating or the of the
instructions USE To the cooler and the the cooler Measuring the Switching off and other features Lighting HINT and TIPS Food Protect the MAINTENANCE and CLEANING Removing the Cleaning To the Defrosting the the SOMETHING NOT WORKING Technical INSTALLATION the Cleaning the Guarantee/Customer Service EUROPEAN GUARANTEE www.electrolux.com
USE and the as the section "Installation". that the hose the of the the the the and switching the the first upright about hours. the This allow the to to the A. cooler switch Switches the cooler and off. B. the the of the cooler. C. buttons/thermostat Used to the D. Lighting E. shut-off Used to the off. F. warning Flashes when the the C
To the cooler and the Switching Switch the the switch. the Press the buttons the flashes the (The +6C and +17C.) the lowers the Once the shows the the NOTE: The of 17C or below. Allow the to of hours whenever the This allow the to the It to the when the switched of The thermostat the previously the cooler NOTE: The shows the and warmest the cold) The amount of to its maturity, type of and and purchasing whether or it the of the cooler. Cold the to maturity. Accord- ingly, and as as to the of the cooler. The should to that to cold. the of the cooler. the that to further wines that warmer and those wines to relatively
the bottles that the corks the the The cooler with with coating. This the light the cooler turning the light the cooler too often or too The should the the bottles with that the agitated. and tions the of purchase or the concern- the and Recommended white wines to +12C wines and light wines to +16C and wines to +8C If bottles top of another, they the cooling Measuring the If the measured thermometer, this should of centrally the This the the food products. the thermometer or directly the shelf. Switching off Switch off the the switch. the second. to the completely when the disconnected. and other If the than the warning flashing and sounds. To switch off the Press the shut-off button". The when the closed. Lighting The cooler lighting turned with the closed. This easy to the of the cooler without the The lighting should normally off, that the to light. The lighting off matically about
The shelves or the shelf the front of tracks. You already bottles the this HINT and TIPS to where the placed. the section "Installation". correctly, the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly. It to the the back of the with or cleaner. the and clean. Food To the from neither foods which should the food straight The of insulated arrive the food the immediately. that food the The and and to that food its food from and clean, to cleaning and Protect the the and and to recycling station. city office or information. cleaning the Follow the the section The and this the the The easy and recycling.
MAINTENANCE and CLEANING the The to the the when the the of the outward/downward. Then the straight to completely Cleaning Clean the the from electricity supply. Clean the the cooler and that the clear If clear of the to the Clean the and with and of to and thoroughly. the and to they and free from the back the and Clean. Clean off the with and the the with the the section the and the Once or year the and the the back of the with or cleaner, as of the performance of the and electricity
the the scratching the To the the light the from the the the front of the type, E14 rating of W. SOMETHING NOT WORKING Service Force the following displayed the It too the cooler. Defrosting the cooler The cooler defrosted the formation by: the the or too the the from electricity supply. If the to once while to the food from of Empty foods and the the to occurred the service (The cooling to food products cold, that the completely closed and that the and clean.
It too the cooler. It too the cooler. There the cooling plate the cooler. Water the cooler. Water the the hose the back of the the the chapter the the first The Cooling or light light. The operates continuously. that the completely closed and that the and clean. warmer This defrosting, frost thaws the cooling Clean the and the cooler using or bottle food products the of the the from the The switched reach the another to the The The properly connected. warmer that the completely and that the and clean.
Sound too high. TECNICAL SPICIFICATION SC361W10 Height INSTALLATION the its lead, when the pulled of its to the short-circuit, fire and/or shock. the of to the authorised service recommended the or to shock the The sounds. sound heard when the cooling ticking sound from the thermostat heard when the switches and off. The sound the of the If the sound incorrect: the the back of the each other. them they If the cushion the and them back follow the instructions the chapter the
Unpacking Unpack the and that and of the immediately of the recycling. information, city office or the allow to with the The suffocation. the the and the from the the the shelves the Mounting the The included the of the the Cleaning the of the and cloth. Clean off the with and the the to grounded V. A. to the rating the the the that the or the back of the overheat and fire. heavy or the the cord. there of and fire. If the the there of shock or fire.
To the performance from the the cool and to sunlight. the to of heat, cooker or dishwasher. the The should If the the supplied. there around the and that the below and the The the least The directly the or and the top this the the least location whose to the which the the rating plate the of the The following shows which each SN ST that the hose the of the the If the and the with the facing the the the and the least to allow the to enough that the shelves The of the of +10C to +32C +16C to +32C +18C to +38C +18C to +43C
the and the from the the There the that and the other the when when the to the thanks to the board. On the of the the the other On the of the Unscrew the the and cover. the the other the the height of the with the with the the and the the Unscrew the and to the other Press the the to which the previously fitted. the that the the section "Positioning the
KUNDENDIENST service Demonstration Installation, Nous service dachat). influences force o o o
This each of the countries the back of this the specified the or otherwise If from of these countries to another of the countries the with to the following The from the first purchased the which of purchase issued the of the The the and to the and as country of this or of The to the purchaser of the and to another The and with instructions issued and within the The with force within country of The of this of the rights to www.electrolux.com M-300, www.electrolux.fr EUROPEAN GUARANTEE
Bedfordshire Great LU4 9QQ Ireland (PN) LV-1012, LT09108 Bitbourg, L-1273 H-1142 XIV, CG S4, RO Industriestrasse CH-5506 Service, S:t S-105  SK, Bratisla-
www.electrolux.com www.electrolux.ch