SANTO KA SANTO KA1 Instructions
Dear please these operating instructions They information and of the Please these operating instructions reference. them to owners of the These operating instructions the of by-side Notes which or the function- of the stressed with and/or with (Warning!, Please the lowing This and instructions the operation of the Supplementary information and of the appear this and concerning and sound of the with the cloverleaf. Explanations of the technical terminology the operating instructions found the the section "Technical Terminology". The operating instructions instructions the correction of malfunctions the the section "What to If these instructions should please AEG Service Force Printed with sound who thinks acts accordingly
Instructions Information Appliance Location Appliance The of the of the Appliance the COOLMATIC ALARM OFF to Initial Initial Switching the Appliance off the and Information Warning warning Function
Bottle Chill Shelf and Can of the and Can and Normal Sounds Food Defrosting and Cleaning Cleaning Cleaning the the Light What to Regulations, Technical Terminology Conditions Service
Instructions These the interests of that them or this of If about of the of these the Customer to the should the of please This heavy. should when It to the specifications or to this that the the supply If the supply from Service Force that the or the back of the overheat and fire. If the the There of shock or fire. to this should or which heat should exposed. the back of the should to the as stated the instructions. The should hours turned to allow the to The contained within the of the with high of compatibility, which nevertheless and of the that of the of the become
Information If the should become and of ignition; thoroughly the which the Child allow to with the or with the from (There of suffocation!) This only, specifically the of only. It or with or with such fire extinguisher the recommended should to. to instructions. and Cleaning cleaning, switch off the and from the supply. the from the the to the fire and/or shock. Servicing This should serviced authorised and should used. should to the yourself. Repairs inexperienced or serious malfunctioning. AEG Service Force Information The and cled. The >PE<, >PS<, Please of the the
The the or its that this treated as household handed to the the recycling of and this of correctly, the and health, which otherwise caused of this infor- mation about recycling of this please city office, household service or the where purchased the of the off the and catches to to country authorised Appliance of the There recessed the front of the and the back of the the top the with the recessed as the and the to the its the top of the and the back slightly. The then to the back and the easily pushed.
and from the of the ance. of with white the protection and off the the of the with with of to of or as the the thoroughly. the from the shelves: the the to the thicker section the of the shelf. the enough that and the from the
The of the and the the the customer. the assembly of the or the of the and Service Force Location The should ventilated, affected the The should therefore exposed to sunlight; to or other of heat; location whose to the which the The found the rating which located the the of the The following shows which each Appliance The please the turning the the front. of SN to C to C ST to C to C
The the through the the and exhausted upwards the back To or the If the clearance of least the top of the and the Please whether, and the the fits tightly. to heavy frosting and higher "What to of the On the to the of of the The should the the turned The cover ously pressing the the right of and the cover outward The then mounted the found the back of the cover The should from the
to this should or WARNING THIS APPLIANCE MUST BE EARTHED The should these switching the electricity supply the as that indicated the rating The rating the The with fitted. the of to the the supplied, ASTA (BS used. The wires the coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals of as follows: The coloured and connected to the with the E or the earth or coloured and yellow. The coloured connected to the N or coloured The coloured connected to the L or coloured red. there or stray of and the the outer Warning! cut-off serious (shock) that the cut-off of Cord
of the Appliance of the and with shelf housing Bottle and plate
ON/OFF the warmer the COOLMATIC light (yellow) COOLMATIC Warning light (red) ALARM OFF and Information the The the (WARMER) and (COLDER) buttons. These connected to the The switched from the of the ACTUAL illuminated) to the of the DESIRED flashes) of the buttons, (WARMER) or (COLDER). of the the DESIRED C. If neither pressed, the switches back to the of the ACTUAL DESIRED The that the this to the shown the The DESIRED indicated flashing numbers. ACTUAL The the that currently the The ACTUAL indicated with numbers. of the Appliance
of the Appliance operation, the currently the (ACTUAL displayed. the flashing the currently (DESIRED If there the the shows the the COOLMATIC The COOLMATIC function cooling of of the and party. The COOLMATIC function switched the COOLMATIC The light The COOLMATIC function cooling. DESI- RED of C selected. The COOLMATIC function of hours. The originally selected DESIRED The shows the ACTUAL The COOLMATIC function manually the COOLMATIC The yellow light Once the COOLMATIC function switched the DESIRED that originally The of information.
The function the cooling of or bottles the cool or of amounts of The built-in charcoal reduces the of Chilling of cans/bottles or bottles the the front of the Turn the to and the COOLMATIC button. The yellow light Chilling of food the food the the to and the COOLMATIC The yellow light the or the food sufficiently cooled, the COOLMATIC The light the to the this function activated, forced the and the the to C. hours the COOLMATIC function automatically. The yellow light Turn the to its ALARM OFF With the ALARM OFF the acoustic warning switched off, the when or the food to of the Appliance
to Initial connecting the to the and the first the to upright. its the to hours operation. This to allow the to back the the Please the and to section: and The correctly with the "Installation" operation the first should that the and with the rating Initial Press ON/OFF The and then automatically. to C or section: to immediately switching because the the reached. With the buttons the the Press the (WARMER) or (COLDER) The switches and the DESIRED currently flashes the To to warmer the (WARMER) To to colder the (COLDER) The immediately displayed the Each the the C. C to C, C
From food of C the should enough as the further the and displays the ACTUAL the tor. The from flashing to numbers. Information! the the immediately currently Switching the Appliance off To switch off, and the ON/OFF seconds. This countdown from to the On reaching the switch off. The off. The only completely from the electricity supply when the from the The switched or off or there to Following to the supply, the to the operating as the of If the to Switch off the to this the ON/OFF the Clean the thoroughly section: and Clean- to of
the the the C. the therefore to the of the closed of Unintentional closing of the or of the who to Without the the closed would to the of and mould. emptying and cleaning the as follows: To the the (WARMER) or (COLDER) ton. The and flashing the DESIRED that currently the (WARMER) the The shown the of C reaches C. C the C appear the with the H. The operating To switch the back to operation, the (COLDER) the when the operation. The about C when the operation. This too food the If the closed when the operation, immediately which the closed equalised. The
and Information The and information of the and acoustic warning. The the than the the too functional the Warning If the than the warn- and acoustic warning tone sound. If to or rearrange foods, switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF The off when the closed. warning The warning light flashes and tone sounds, as as the the warmer than C. possibly to: the or of food; with the You off the warning tone the ALARM OFF The warning light and the tone switch off automatically, when the ACTUAL existing the below C Function If the technical that to rectified service, the shows the of the The flashes. The to
The the lowest the and this that and fresher The shelves to the it or and To height the items: the front of the and then of items the below. The pulled and and other as The sections the the the or to the of the as required.
If the the of the the right further the the or rear The the that groceries bottles the with the to the front. bottles horizontally. The bottle bottles. To this the bottle it upwards, then the front the Chill Shelf The shelf of the To the performance the should the from the top.
Bottle and Can The of the bottle and to of and bottles front of the To the to when the backwards. The bottle when chilling bottles. of the and Can the shelf with from the To the from the shelf, the hooks/brackets that surround the of the shelf. bottle the bottle to bottles from and
The cooling the There of C. with of therefore the shelves as without to account the which usually The the and around C higher than the The shows of food. The immediately the and should C of meat and products. to that the C the lowest shelf the following yourself: of the of the with thermometer the closed overnight and the first thing the morning. At this the should than C; to the to further information food cool and published the of Fisheries and Food and obtained free of contacting: SE99 7TT. Food the should covered or that they their or their to other food. The following with covers with
and Normal Sounds You hear or sounds when the through the or the rear, to the cooling the the round and hear whirring sound or from the thermostat the and hear when the thermostat and Food To the performance from food or food uncovered. the food and as as food together too to allow to around each the to of heat, such as cooker, dishwasher or the and that the of the obstructed. food to cool to the to the or the too as the and the to switch there the from closing properly.
Defrosting The and Cleaning or cleaning DISCONNECT the from the ELECTRICITY supply. Cleaning Clean the and with and of to of and thoroughly. Warning! cleaning products, or cleaning products containing bleach or the and to they and free from Cleaning Warning! products There the of the should when cleaning. cleaning or other or cleaning The protective of the these. The of protects and therefore cleaning and products required. Clean the with cloth and Commercially used. and thor- oughly. of the reduces cooling performance and increases this reason the the back of the once with or cleaner. everything back service.
and Cleaning the To the performance the should once year with New purcha- sed from Service Force The the and reached the cover. The the the right of the and the cover outward The then pulled of its The the existing The should from the the Light Warning! of shock! the light switch off and the Light specifications: V, W, the of that least this seat the Where to purchase: or AEG Service Force
To switch the off and the ON/OFF the To the light the head screw and the light cover the light the light cover and the head screw. What to Service Force the following to the Appliance cools too The the too high. Warning tone sounds, warning flashing Symptom there the there the household lights. the too cold. the to warmer temporarily. the within the operating the turned to the to than Switch off the warning tone the ALARM OFF the than necessary.
warning light flashing, warning tone sounding shows The continuously The light Water the or shelves. to Normal Sounds The immediately the If the there AEG Service Force should that the as the charge the mechanical or breakdown. Please that of purchase service Symptom warning Please warning section. There function Please inform Service Force the of the the to that the closed. of food recently the and/or that obstructed. the correctly fitted. the the light switch Water the "Cleaning and tion. This the of
Regulations, This household and with the The necessary with legislation (GSG), regulations (VBG and the regulations of the of (VDE) the of this The This with the following EU 73/23/EWG February 89/336/EWG (including 92/31/EWG) EMV Technical Terminology that to cooling known as They relatively that the from the food the or the to and Closed that the The of and The the to other heat to This heat from the of the as the cooled. The therefore located the or immediately the and The It built-in and mounted the of the the rear. The of the to from the to and to to the The normally the of The the the this process, heat released to the surrounding the of the The mounted the of the
Conditions Conditions that within months of the of the purchase this or thereof to reason only of workmanship or or the FREE OF CHARGE or that: The correctly and the electricity or supply stated the rating The only, and with the operating and instructions. The serviced, repaired, or with authorised service this Service Force or become the Company's property. This to and other rights. and to these hours which charged. This cover: or from or the of light or of or plastic. Costs incurred to right which improperly or to the United Appliances found to within those which to Products of which If should to another country within then with to to the following The from the first purchased The the and to the and as the country of this or of products. This relates to and to another within the Community (EC) or The and with instructions and only domestically, household. The account regulations country. please Customer below, to them of They then that the Service of and to and UK
Service the of service, or to chase please Service Force telephoning: routed to the Service Force covering the of Service Force and further informa- tion about Service Force, please the www.serviceforce.co.uk please the the heading What to the Service Force to the following and telephone Clear and of the The and of the (found the rating (PNC) (S-No.) The purchase Please that purchase or service Customer concerning or further information products please Customer or the below or www.aeg-electrolux.co.uk. Customer Appliances Appliances Bedfordshire, LU4 9QQ recorded Customer Service the of Ireland please the below: AEG/ (Ire) Road/ of Ireland
From the The choice. The the of cleaning and More than products (such as cleaners, and each to of USD than countries around the AEG D-90327 Copyright AEG to without